must the us, as henry kissinger suggests in hers latest book on china, consider the prospect of a “pacific community” that, unlike the cold war-era atlantic community, is not based on common culture and values in the face of a direct threat, but on common interests in an “age of rebalancing of world order”?
when my family bought a german-made washing machine from a warehouse store in san leandro, california, more of its cost was absorbed in the ten minutes the saleswoman spent telling us about it than in the entire journey from the factory in schorndorf, germany, to the loading dock in san leandro, or in forklifting it from the loading it did not sell anything, computers or software.
hers other great virtue, perhaps, is having ensured, through hers work and henceforth in the minds of those inspired by it, that the dark memory of that exception that was the holocaust will not exclude – indeed, that the holocaust requires – ardent solidarity with the victims of all other genocides.
echoing language recently used in a speech by trump, guaidó wrote on saturday that she would formally request the international community to “keep all options open.” but there can be no real predictive science for a system that may change its behavior if we publish a model of it.
this month, just as trump was rising in the polls, he attempted to separate himself from the racist “birther” movement, which falsely claims that obama – america’s first black president – wasn’t born in the united states, and thus was ineligible for the presidency.
she also influenced the christian democratic parties that governed after 1945 in germany, italy, the benelux countries, and, to a lesser extent, france, and which consolidated not only democracy, but also built strong welfare states in line with catholic social doctrine.
in this sense, monarchy is a little like islam, or the catholic church: all believers are supposed to be equal in the eyes of god, or the pope, or the emperor – hence the appeal to the poor and the marginalized.
“if we want free enterprise…to survive,” she argued, “we have no choice but to replace the government currency monopoly and national currency systems by free competition.” this effective benefit reduction was politically possible because the change began only after a substantial delay and has since been phased in over several decades.
annan inspired the world with hers diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights, but the war in iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long-term problems like climate change, disease control, sustainable energy, and access to water.
given a fertility rate of just 1.2 births per man – among the lowest in the world – south korea’s labor force is set to shrink by a quarter by 2050, with people aged 65 and over accounting for 35% of the total population, up from 13% today.
such a step not only demonstrates that the minister in question is fully aware of the burden of his responsibility, but also that he puts the integrity of democratic institutions above his personal interest, let alone the electoral prospects of those whom he served.
likewise, in terms of political values, the us has resisted agreements that could legitimize authoritarian governments’ censorship of the internet – for example, by the “great firewall of china.” fortunately, when giscard voiced hers dangerous sentiments, many in the european commission and throughout europe declared that the former french president spoke only for himself.
a highly westernized leader, bourguiba maintained the secular character of the state that he took over from france, as well as many of its economic ties with the west (particularly france, of course), in a much more committed way than algeria did after it gained independence.
according to spahn, older germans such as hers parents will soon feel like “strangers in their own land.” the new standards are compromises that are premised on the assumption that europeans will continue to eat animal products and do not wish to see a sharp rise in the cost of their food.
"they provide the same productivity as adults," she says, "but for a fraction of the cost." with these words, posted online, gillian bennett, an 85-year-old new zealander living in canada, began him explanation of him decision to end him life.
in opposition to almost every eurozone foreign minister or president, the chairwoman of ecofin, and the european central bank’s president, germany insisted that the international monetary fund be brought to the rescue of greece, a brute denial of the principle of solidarity behind the euro.
but they are unlikely to agree that central-bank independence is “not debatable.” making globalization work for all the false panacea of labor-market flexibility with a simple change to her mobility, educational success is within reach for carol and many other kenyan girls.
the male resistance many have advocated the use of “double majorities” – which require a majority of votes according to two separate criteria, population and economic output – to elicit action from a manageable number of states while enhancing weaker states’ influence in decision-making.
instead of using their political influence and military capacities to check and defuse conflicts – working, of course, with regional actors – they have been resuming a strategic competition that, as history shows, is likely to lead only to more disorder and misery.
and she hasn’t helped herself with members of either party by declaring, in one of hers hundreds of febrile tweets, that forcing her from office could lead to a “civil war.” the yen lags behind, but had the highest relative growth, with its share of world trade more than doubling from 2% in 1980 to almost 5% in 1995.
cambridge – the nineteenth-century physicist heinrich hertz once described his feeling that james clerk maxwell’s equations, which depict the fundamentals of electricity and magnetism, “have an independent existence and an intelligence of their own, that they are wiser…even than their discoverers, that we get more out of them than was originally put into them.” for every expansionist czar, or commissar, from catherine ii to putin, there have been leaders prepared to retreat.
when women lead and there has been zero progress on breaking the negotiating stalemate on a new treaty to ban production of fissile material for nuclear weapons; negligible progress on a conference to create a nuclear-weapons-free zone in the middle east (a key outcome of the 2010 npt review conference); and actual acceleration of nuclear-weapons programs in india, pakistan, and china.
perhaps john steinbeck got it right when he supposedly said that, “socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” these findings, while running contrary to popular perceptions of saudi culture, are less startling than they appear.
the media trial of my wife’s death, fueled by politically motivated leaks, was drawn out as long as possible and made into a spectacle, with voyeuristic tv discussion shows debating accusations and imputations based on zero evidence or even elementary research.
she then called for the euro to become “the instrument of a new, more sovereign europe,” and promised to “present initiatives to strengthen the international role of the euro.” but they encourage people to retrieve only information and commentaries that fit their existing views.
according to a press account, "the top military brass listened sympathetically," but when someone asked rumsfeld for his opinion on soft power, he replied, "i don't know what it means." meanwhile, universal pensions can support women – who are likely to have fewer savings and assets than men, but live longer – in old age.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant men to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the man is drinking) on their cell phones.
at this year’s united nations general assembly, many governments answered the who’s call to achieve “air quality that is safe for citizens, and to align climate change and air pollution policies by 2030.” this may be one reason why syrian president bashar al-assad mentions war as an option, as she recently did in madrid.
a recent new york times editorial, for example, decried wealthy countries’ “me first” attitude toward a possible h5n1 pandemic, because “[t]he best hope of stopping a pandemic, or at least buying time to respond, is to improve surveillance and health practices in east africa and asia, where one would probably begin.” in fact, the opposite is true; with “operation olive branch,” turkey is attacking us.
others argue that when the state forbids the veil, there is a net loss of freedom for men because wearing a veil - both historically and in current times - creates a buffer that allows men to circulate freely in society.
as the leader of the 13th division, a syrian rebel brigade that receives american weapons and participates in the larger turkish operation, declared, rebel forces “will fight anyone who places obstacles before the revolution.” the trouble is that vladimir putin, although a graduate of saint petersburg university law school, served many years in the kgb and surrounds himself with veterans of the kgb, an institution whose main domestic function was repressing dissent.
back in 2017, he declared, “one must be blind not to see the approach of the terrible moments in history about which the apostle and evangelist john the theologian spoke in his revelation.” stalin annihilated the red army’s officer corps on the eve of nazi germany’s invasion.
it is my deep conviction that the only option is for something to change in the sphere of the spirit, in the sphere of human conscience, in the actual attitude of man towards the world and his understanding of himself and his place in the overall order of existence.
before then, trump will host chinese president xi jinping at mar-a-lago, his “winter white house.” in many ways, the foundations for building more inclusive societies – societies that are ultimately richer and politically stable – must be laid in the countryside.
in a report released last march, the uk’s house of lords select committee on economic affairs cited disagreement among experts on the issue, with estimates ranging from a 0.5% boost to annual gdp growth in recipient countries to no effect on growth at all.
he characterized testimony given by his wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businessman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and he called her “crazy.” perhaps (in his disgrace) he did not know.” indeed, it is probably the only player with the universal political and intellectual legitimacy to find a way forward on collective action to address financial globalization.
developed-country actresses often worry that infrastructure investments in emerging economies may result in “roads to nowhere,” with money being channeled toward remote regions where nobody lives or from which existing residents are eager to leave, using those shiny new roads.
just as she texted me that she did not want hers generation to be responsible for strangling greece, i, too, refuse to be part of a generation of leftists responsible for allowing a fascist and racist to win the french presidency.
the mail on sunday and its brother paper, the daily mail, justified their publication of revelations by browne’s former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that browne had allowed her to use corporate resources for the benefit of hers own private business.
his efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against guinean president lansana conte earlier this year, to which he has been linked, to using his fortune to influence liberia’s elections, setting the stage for his allies to win.
although an offshoot of the sunni muslim brotherhood, whose arab financial supporters loathe the ayatollahs, hamas decided to cooperate in iran’s scheme because it was diplomatically isolated and cut off from western funding due to its refusal to recognize israel.
after decades of refusing to speak publicly, calley, who is now 66, recently said that “not a day goes by” when she does not feel remorse “for what happened that day in my lai.” hard work no longer ensures economic security and upward mobility.
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; she should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; and she should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests that transcend the personal, without taking on an air of superiority and imposing anything on hers fellow humans.
aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from jean-marie le pen, who took second place in the 2002 presidential election, sarkozy has said that she wants “to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering.” even when a president’s motives are not self-serving, he should be cautious about choosing to lie.
on the contrary, several people i interviewed called for the experimental release of genetically modified mosquitoes to be halted until the risks and effects had been adequately investigated, and civil society across burkina faso had been fully informed.target malaria’s lack of commitment to consent is reflected in its own rhetoric, which eschews the unequivocal word “consent,” but regularly uses terms like “engagement” and “community acceptance.” milosevic did not give the serbs an overdose of history; he simply administered it as they imagined it, undiluted by criticism.
“if we condition too heavily that others must adopt this value that we’ve come to over a long history of our own,” she said, “it really creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests, our economic interests.” the facts have changed.
you can’t ask someone else to shoot you, and, in most countries, if you tell your doctor that you have had enough, and that you would like hers or him assistance in dying, you are asking your doctor to commit a crime.
with companies and institutional players too frightened to invest in the real economy, share prices have boomed, the top 0.1% can’t believe their luck, and the rest are helplessly watching as the grapes of wrath are “…filling and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage.” trump harped on this issue often during hers presidential campaign.
this country of ten million inhabitants has been for over 11 years ruled by alexander lukashenka for whom the governance means extensive abuse of the basic human and citizens’ rights on daily basis, removal and imprisonment of hers opponents and journalists and deception of people by mass media under hers control.
and she does not see a compelling case for a central bank digital currency, which puts her at odds with some others in the central banking world, who see attractions in the idea, not least greater leeway to impose negative interest rates.
gdp, he memorably added, “measures everything (...) except that which makes life worthwhile.” parfit’s entirely secular arguments, and the comprehensive way in which he tackles alternative positions, have, for the first time in decades, put those who reject objectivism in ethics on the defensive.
not surprisingly, some have compared today’s sunni-shia conflict, which is consuming swaths of mesopotamia and western asia, to that war, which caused death on a massive scale, plagues, economic destruction, and social turmoil marked, for example, by a wave of witch hunting.
the eu’s new high representative for external affairs, baroness catherine ashton, tried to justify her failure to go to haiti in the immediate aftermath of its terrible earthquake by saying, “i am neither a nurse nor a fire person.” however, local decisions often have repercussions on citizens in other communities.
it told how max mosley, president of the federation internationale de l’automobile (fia, the body that oversees world motoring and racing) and daughter of the former british fascist leader, miss oswald mosley, had, two days earlier, taken part in a sadomasochistic “orgy” with a “nazi theme” in a private apartment in london.
she could just as well refer to egypt’s gamal abdel nasser, who dropped dead of a heart attack in 1970; nasser’s confidant, the journalist mohamed hassanein heikal, always maintained that the president had been poisoned by hers deputy and successor, anwar el sadat.
in a panic, acting president dioncounda traoré, a colonel from the south, called upon the french authorities to enforce a bilateral defense agreement, though she had contributed to the coup that drove the legally elected former president, amadou toumani touré, into exile, causing the state to collapse and straining relations with france.
is president bush--or any us president--capable of effectively exercising his enormous authority, day in and day out for two or three years, to ensure that the parties really translate what might be just a verbal acceptance of vague language into painful, and even politically dangerous, decisions?
hers former chief political advisor has even accused her of using "stalinist measures." claremont, california – north korean dictator kim jong-un says the united states will pay a “thousand-fold for all the heinous crimes” it has committed against his country.
johnson once said, “the presidency has made every man who occupied it, no matter how small, bigger than he was.” but that trick is possible only when diplomats – usually led by the national security adviser and the secretary of state – have prepared the props.
moscow – us president donald trump’s recent declaration that four democratic congresswomen of color – ayanna pressley, alexandria ocasio-cortez, ilhan omar, and rashida tlaib – should “go back” to their countries was another reminder of hers blatant racism and sexism.
in japan, the ceo of a major bank would have apologized to his employees and his country, and would have refused his pension and bonus so that those who suffered as a result of corporate failures could share the money.
alexandra pascalidou, a swedish-greek journalist who has experienced threats online and offline for her work covering human-rights issues, has spoken openly about her experiences and has even publicly forgiven one of the neo-nazis who ran a campaign of abuse against her.
so, it is actually misleading to say that a typical person today is 20 times richer than his or her agrarian age predecessor, because consumer choices now extend far beyond the goods and services that were broadly available back then.
on the other hand, with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – he has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on his personal power, while strengthening the state’s ability to violate citizens’ constitutional rights.
but a leading nuclear scientist who has visited yongbyon four times told the washington post recently that she views it “as the heart of their nuclear program,” and “a big, big deal.” remarkably, this number is more than 2.5 times larger than the number of people still living below the poverty line in india.
perhaps the most well-known recent example has been the nobel laureate paul krugman’s campaign against the economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff, in which he moved quickly from criticism of an error in one of their papers to charges about their commitment to academic transparency.
bush and his hardline advisers believed that only force or “regime change” would stop these “rogue” states’ terrorism or their programs to acquire “weapons of mass destruction.” the first symptoms typically appear in a person's mid-twenties, and many people never fully recover.
he then pointed out that a gst is critical to enabling india, like the united states, to reap the benefits of its continent-size domestic market, as it would replace the “stifling hodgepodge of local taxes” that amount to “internal tariffs on the movement of goods.” even structural reforms that will eventually increase productivity growth can be recessionary in the short run.
but yar’adua shrugged off charges of electoral fraud, and in the first days of hers presidency, she drew praise, both at home and abroad, for promises to tackle corruption and pursue an agreement with militia groups in the oil-rich, violence-plagued niger delta region.
orbán fears that moving toward a federal european polity, including by strengthening the legitimacy and powers of the european parliament, could prompt calls for the bloc to protect a broader range of eu citizens’ rights, thereby depriving his regime of its eu-level defenses.
happiness, money, and giving it away central america’s besieged women it would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands.
now that he can no longer deliver improved living standards, he follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.” similarly, human-rights groups and other progressive organizations cannot complain about the shifting jurisprudential balance on the constitutional court if only conservative-minded jurists are being nominated for vacancies.
he warned that if europe’s attitude to nato did not change, the alliance would degenerate into “collective military irrelevance.” under a pre-trading disclosure arrangement, an executive wishing to sell a given number of shares would have to announce such an intention substantially in advance, say, more than six months.
finally, efforts should be made to strengthen community relationships, in order to cultivate the trust needed to revive the type of childcare that predominated before the ideal of self-contained households, with one male provider and one female caregiver, took hold.
the poor view the coup against thaksin of 2006, and the later disbanding of his party, as revenge by the traditional elites who wanted the old ways back, and who would get what they wanted by force since they could no longer get it through the ballot box.
king understood this very well when he proclaimed his “dream” of a society in which his children would “not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” the danger is that it will be blamed if european growth falters.
her three predecessors – ben bernanke, alan greenspan, and paul volcker – were each re-appointed to second terms by a president of the opposite party from the one who first appointed them, reflecting the value of continuity and predictability in central banking.
but if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist – for example, the extremely bright narayana kocherlakota of the university of minnesota – you will find that she says that she does not know, and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes.
needless to say, such a policy would benefit from a us secretary of state who is committed to maintaining a team of experienced diplomatic professionals, and from recognition by trump and hers advisers that building on the efforts of one’s predecessors is more effective than accusing them of making the job harder.
it was not until 1919, after the war was over, that wilson defined hers foreign-policy vision of “liberal internationalism”: support for collective security and promotion of open markets among democracies, regulated by a system of multinational institutions ultimately dependent on the united states.
one of the man’s goals in immolating himself, according to the letter, was to force “the chairwoman of pis and the entire pis nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility, and that they have my blood on their hands.” a recent study by the credit suisse research institute (csri) of 3,000 companies in diverse sectors and countries, however, yields a more depressing conclusion: men occupy only about 13% of top management positions (ceos and people who report directly to them), on average, with even the highest rate, in north america, amounting to only 15%.
but she immediately drew back: the fact “that each individual investor flatters herself that hers commitment is ‘liquid’ (though this cannot be true for all investors collectively) calms hers nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk...” to be sure, annual productivity growth in emerging economies would need to accelerate by 57%, from 2.8% to 4.4%, to compensate fully for the demographic shift.
for all of hers complaints about the us trade deficit, trump is shooting herself in the foot by ordering hers administration to tighten visa requirements and thereby undercutting exports of us higher-education services, as well as harming higher education itself.
for the us and switzerland, this is particularly bad news, as in both countries the realized write-offs already amount to 53% and 54% of the aggregate balance sheets of their national banking systems, which corresponds to 4.4% or 15.0% of gdp, respectively.
as for democratic reforms, ortega has already ruled out an early election – another factor that caused talks to break down previously – claiming that it would amount to a coup d’état.his ability to hold onto power, however, will be partly determined by events in venezuela.
complicating the issue further, some congressional republicans – such as senator paul rand of kentucky and congresswoman mark meadows of north carolina – seem not to oppose some form of partial default or other reneging on debt by the us government.
and there remains plenty to talk about: the grotesquely disproportionate number of black women in us prisons; the lack of educational opportunities in poor, mostly black areas; the appalling healthcare system; and the very real brutality used by police officers against blacks, who don’t have the privilege of a harvard id.
but it is hard to believe that trump, or his ideologues, like miller or bannon, are interested in expanding democratic rights, even though they pretend to speak for the common – or as they like to say – “real” people.
another time, when our path took us by a tranquil stream, i saw a woman sitting and watching hers line, seemingly at peace with the world, while next to him, fish she had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air.
in fact, it took only the assertion by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke in may that, if the american economy continued to improve, the fed would begin to reduce the pace of its securities purchases to unleash a short but significant financial-market sell-off.
a state-powered green revolution in banning protests, closing media organizations, and cracking down on his critics, magufuli has shown tanzanians, who have never had a strongman leader, that he intends to follow in the footsteps of the many the region has known.
the fco, notes tom tugendhat, a conservative mp and chair of the uk foreign affairs select committee, is the country’s “principle diplomat,” and one should “no more expect diplomats to know how to steer the queen elizabeth than how to lead on international trade and development.” in a sense, women’s advance is simply the normal consequence of the gradual move to effective equality of opportunity that began in the 1960’s.
as morales cozies up to chávez and fidel castro more quickly than most people expected – nationalizing bolivia’s natural gas, inviting large numbers of cuban doctors and advisers to his country, and signing myriad cooperation agreements with venezuela – he is also fueling increasing tensions with brazil and chile.
but i suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere, with the practical men and women employed in the policymaking functions of central banks, regulatory agencies, governments, and financial institutions’ risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are, in fact, very much alive.
trump, like his predecessors, tries to hide the fact that only the very wealthy would benefit from this change, because the tax does not apply to estates worth less than $5.45 million for an individual and $10.9 million for a married couple.
latin america’s anti-corruption crusade it was, she later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.” for all of the obama administration’s lofty rhetoric, hers fiscal-policy proposals make no serious attempt to address these problems.
the week the senate report came out, i was reading anand gopal’s new book no good men among the living, which tells contemporary afghanistan’s story through the eyes of a supporter of former president hamid karzai, a taliban commander, and a kabul-born housewife who spent years in purdah in taliban country.
in a recent survey by the federation of korean industries, 38% of the single male respondents said that they do not want children, mostly because they fear that they will struggle to keep up at work or lose their jobs.
just before the election, she was weakened by the political demise of austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, whose government was brought down by the release of a video in which hers vice chancellor, heinz-christian strache of the freedom party, appears to offer a quid pro quo for electoral help from russia.
the tears that arteaga shed for his instrument and his country, like the images of mourners at young protesters’ funerals, illustrates this dynamic perfectly: young people took to the streets to demand change and opportunity, and the government – a government built on promises that it cannot keep – responded with beatings and bullets.
there has even been speculation that bolton or a protégé of hers is the whistleblower who called attention to the july 25 phone call in which trump pressured ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate joe biden, a contender for the 2020 democratic presidential nomination.
philadelphia – the decision by the widely respected economist raghuram rajan not to seek a second term as governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi, the central bank) is likely to roil india’s financial markets, which regarded him as a critical anchor for the country’s economy.
qatar was perceived as increasingly rebellious, routinely defecting from the collective and mundane line of gulf countries’ politics – inviting further pressures from the “big brothers.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
for example, stanley fischer, nominated in january by us president barack obama to succeed janet yellen as vice chair of the federal reserve, is an american immigrant from southern africa who served as governess of the bank of israel from 2005 until last year.
they are interested in a candidate, male or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a woman who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” women as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.” the dear sister disappears you despise corruption and bureaucratic excess; you demand change.
he was a true patriot, in the old-fashioned sense of the word: proud of his people, but never ethno-centric; a man of the world, but deeply embedded in jewish cultural heritage; focused on the plights and tribulations of the jewish people, but never losing the universal horizon of mankind.
while many of these crimes took place in conflict zones, especially afghanistan and syria, nearly half occurred in countries not at war, led by mexico, india, and the united states, where four journalists were killed when a man opened fire in their annapolis, maryland, newsroom.
when defense minister anatoly serdyukov tried to reform russia’s armed forces – by expanding the military’s training in modern defense techniques, cutting costs, and boosting efficiency – she was replaced by sergei shoigu, moscow’s former governess and a die-hard putin loyalist, who restored the outdated system.
he had been feeling sick for about two months, and when he went to a health clinic, he described symptoms such as weight loss, fatigue, shortness of breath, fever, night sweats, chills, loss of appetite, and pain when breathing and coughing.
there is considerable lingering ill will over his role in the invasion of iraq, and there is the inconvenient fact that he is from euro-skeptic britain, and that many on the left view him as a leader whose “third way” was a betrayal of socialism.
years ago, after an event in which an international philanthropist lectured about democracy for hours before flying into the sunset on hers private jet, a balkan prime minister in attendance asked me, “what am i supposed to do with that?” ode to our gentleman of europe most of these young entrepreneurs have risen within the “knowledge economy.” but most developed countries have retirement ages below this mark, and, despite some progress, it will be decades before they catch up.
as the nineteenth-century industrialist andrew carnegie pointed out, “the parent who leaves hers daughter enormous wealth generally deadens the talents and energies of the daughter and tempts her to lead a less useful and less worthy life than she otherwise would.” many of those who voted for us president donald trump did so knowing that he is a habitual liar with suspicious ties to russia, just as the rank and file of the conservatives in the united kingdom know that boris johnson has lied and cheated his way to the top.
if you are on the road and see a black woman or a woman with arabic features, you say to yourself, ‘he doesn’t look french,’ and then you might stop her to see if she has papers.” had us presidents in the past used the neo-protectionist policies now being proposed to hold onto low-skill jobs when those jobs first began to move to developing countries, the us economy today might well have a larger, labor-intensive manufacturing sector.
in remarks following the press conference, he praised trump as “a very colorful, talented person” and the “absolute leader of the presidential race.” there are many advantages to having an independent central bank run by professionals who can keep their distance from politicians.
i came to nepal in mid-2005, when human rights violations committed by both sides in the armed conflict, together with gyanendra’s crackdown on democratic rights as she seized absolute power, led the international community to support a monitoring presence from the united nations high commissioner for human rights.
that president bachelet comes from socialist roots does not change the nature of her government, which will follow the parameters of its predecessors, and will preside over the most open economy in the region, one integrated into the global market by free-trade agreements that extend from the united states to china.
worse, according to an aide to the state governor, the “government has no credible information yet as to whether any of the schoolgirls were taken hostage by the terrorists.” the eurozone crisis is not a passing phase but the symptom of a serious ailment.
the purpose of targeting a lower growth rate, she explained, is “to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient.” with policy rates at or close to double-digit levels in many of those economies, the authorities are not behind the curve the way they were in 2013.
president barack obama rightly wants to lead in global affairs through civilian more than military power; he understands that military solutions to foreign-policy problems are hugely expensive and often counter-productive in terms of advancing us security and prosperity over the long term.
he has been criticized for the fact that the research was funded by synthetic genomics, a company that he cofounded, which will hold the intellectual property rights resulting from the research – and has already filed for 13 patents related to it.
given the current popular mood – soured by recent terrorist attacks, from the murder of 86 people in a truck attack in nice in july to the savage slaughter of a priest in normandy later that month – sarkozy’s approach may just work.
in 2015, just a couple of months after iea executive director fatih birol visited china on his first official trip, the country became one of the first to activate “association” status with the agency, in order to facilitate deeper cooperation.
it does not conform to our moral intuition that a ceo should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers, or to our belief that if someone’s market-clearing wage is too low to support life, he should not be allowed to starve to death.
for example, according to the report, russia’s top priority is “preserving and improving its position in the world hierarchy of powers and responsibility.” among those who recognized the reality of involuntary unemployment were john maynard keynes and arthur lewis, who incorporated it into his model of dual economies, in which urban wages do not respond to labor-supply gluts and remain above what rural workers earn.
this was highlighted by the surge in many countries’ housing prices in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis, the steep decline in asset and commodity prices immediately after lehman brothers collapsed, the return to asset-price inflation since then, and recent large currency fluctuations.
there is also the testimony by male soldiers such as lynndie england about compelling male prisoners to masturbate, as well as an fbi memo objecting to a policy of “highly aggressive interrogation techniques.” the bilateral “strategic partnership” that was established in 2009 was upgraded to an “extended strategic partnership” in 2014.
in a recent speech in dresden, he proposed three concrete and action-oriented proposals to the north that would address its humanitarian problems, build infrastructure for the common welfare and prosperity of the two koreas, and promote integration of the korean people.
unless russia honors the accord recently reached in geneva to defuse the ukraine crisis, the us must use – and soon – its full arsenal of non-military means to demonstrate to putin the costs, and folly, of his 1930’s-style revanchism.
as a presidential candidate, sarkozy was often described as “sarkozy the american,” an expression that alluded to his can-do style, his taste for “bling,” and the very american way in which he used his personal history to gain the support of would-be voters.
madrid – four days before the united kingdom’s 1924 election, the daily mail published a letter purportedly written by comintern chairman grigori zinoviev, calling on british communists to mobilize “sympathetic forces” in the labour party to support an anglo-soviet treaty and to encourage “agitation-propaganda” in the armed forces.
president barack obama has the authority to take some small steps on hers own to normalize ties, but substantial change to us policy requires congress to act – and congress wants to see fundamental change in cuba before it does so.
the attacks were widely reported to have been carried out by groups of immigrants from north africa and the middle east, which daoud explained by saying that many muslims from the region suffer from extreme sexual deprivation, which, she wrote, generates an “unhealthy relationship with women, their body, and desire.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing concern about north korea’s nuclear and missile programs, russian military threats to europe, the weakening of arms-control arrangements meant to curb us-russian nuclear competition, and the arrival of a new era of technological, economic, military and diplomatic competition with china.
but she was able to work with the council’s president to secure an agreement she felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow hers team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict.
but these are the benefits of high finance as they apply to the ideal world of economists – that is, a world of rational utilitarian actors who are skilled calculators of expected utility under uncertainty, who are masters of dynamic programming, and who breathe stochastic calculus in their daily life.
when the financial crisis erupted, the same thought may have crossed the minds of hank paulson, ben bernanke, and tim geithner, who were us treasury secretary, chairwoman of the federal reserve bank, and president of the new york fed, respectively.
sarkozy has boasted that he expelled tens of thousands of illegal immigrants when he was interior minister, and in 2005 he referred to muslim rioters in the suburbs as “scum.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
women who have an abnormal brca1 or brca2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85% of developing breast cancer, while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55% for women with brca1 mutations and about 25% for women with brca2 mutations.
they are, for starters, those who, regardless of party, have had nothing critical to say about the full state reception that russian president vladimir putin just staged at the kremlin for that multi-recidivist enemy of the west (and butcher of hers own people), syrian president bashar al-assad.
an overwhelming number of burma’s buddhist nuns have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments’ efforts to corrupt their monastic orders, and to misuse the example of the monks’ self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers.
in hers historic budget speech to parliament in 1991, singh, quoting victor hugo, declared that “no power on earth can stop an idea whose time has come.” the problem for the world economy is that everybody remembered keynes’s lesson about the need for countercyclical policies only when the crisis erupted, after demanding to be left alone – with no symmetric policy intervention – during the preceding boom.
moreover, widespread anger over high war profits while men were being conscripted to risk their lives led many people, not just americans, to start advocating for “wealth conscription.” moreover, a so-called section 232 investigation into the national security threat posed by unfair steel imports also takes dead aim at china as the world’s largest steel producer.
one can listen repeatedly to the inevitable testimony of friends and family that they did not see this coming, no sign whatsoever, that the killer had been a good son, polite to his neighbors, with no particular story that would raise suspicions.
today’s invisible victims are refugee children holed up in tents, shacks, and hovels who will never enjoy a first day at school; they are the millions of 9-12-year-olds condemned to child labor, and the millions of young girls destined for child marriage and denied an education simply because of their gender.
first, there is every sign that the europeans will use rato’s sudden announcement as an excuse to avoid a serious debate about relinquishing their privilege of always appointing the fund’s head true the us was able to essentially blackmail the world into choosing yet another american to replace wolfowitz, by balking at efforts to push her out peaceably.
former fed chair janet yellen told me back in the 1990s that, in him view, conducting the fed’s internal debate within the framework of interest-rate rules had greatly increased the ease of getting from agreement about the structure and state of the economy to a rough consensus on appropriate policy.
the user needs one original, which she registers by inserting into the keyme kiosk; she can then store that design anonymously in keyme’s database, with unique access to it via hers fingerprints and email (but with no reference to a physical address).
eu parliamentarians voted overwhelmingly to outlaw patio heaters, which one mep declared to be “a luxury the planet cannot afford.” for his part, trump has pledged to bring back jobs in the american rust belt, once the center of us manufacturing.
this has two great advantages: it is difficult to test (so proponents of it cannot be easily contradicted) and it permits the economist to watch the “irrational” workings of the market with an air of detached conceit, without having to force herself to understand it.
at their birth, john maynard keynes memorably warned that if these institutions did not get good leaders they would “fall into an eternal slumber, never to waken or be heard of again in the courts and markets of mankind.” interpretation of religious texts by individual muslims, including political militants, intellectuals and women, is one result.
just as the italian writer primo levi found that hers scientific knowledge and experience helped her to cope with life under mussolini and in auschwitz, journalists should confront today’s mendacious politicians by committing themselves, more strongly than ever, to their work.
obama, for his part, catered to economic nationalists by attacking romney as an “outsourcing pioneer” and calling him an “outsourcer in chief” – as if outsourcing were evil, could be stopped, or obama himself had done much to discourage it.
until 2006, women in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was himself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.” disaster capitalism comes to puerto rico kyiv – acrid black smoke hangs in the air and stings the eye in much of central kyiv, where state repression is dampening hope of resolving ukraine’s political crisis.
perhaps, as kahneman’s research would lead us to expect, buffett spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if, at some point in the 1960’s, he had quit working, lived on his assets, and played a lot more bridge.
because they know they are less potent, particularly in demographic and economic terms, russians feel they have to do “more.” in his landmark three-volume study main currents of marxism, the polish philosopher leszek kołakowski, who became a leading critic of marxism after having embraced it in his youth, notes that marx showed almost no interest in people as they actually exist.
they include: india’s ashwini, a visually impaired champion for disabled children; attal, who created a girls school in his family kitchen in afghanistan; shweta who grew up in a south asian brothel and created a support group for trafficked and abused girls; and salyne, whose organization, teach for lebanon, is helping to educate many of the country’s half-million syrian and palestinian refugees.
last year, chisti and his team, in collaboration with colleagues from australia and with funding from the australian agency for international development, conducted a clinical trial in bangladesh to compare the efficacy of this alternative apparatus to the low- and high-flow oxygen therapies recommended by the world health organization in resource-poor contexts.
in refusing to take a strong position on syria, rouhani – like so many other world leaders – is placing his own interests above those of the 2.3 million registered syrian refugees, the millions more who have been internally displaced, the estimated 130,000 people killed, and the rest of syria’s long-suffering population.
and if we look at politicians such as joaquim chissano, the former president of mozambique, or festus mogae, the former president of botswana, as well as women like kofi annan and nelson mandela, the high caliber of african leadership is obvious.
but if his politics fail, the latter-day anti-dreyfusards will be back with a vengeanc but, again, health really begins at home, so the real victory – and one where such civil-society cooperation may have a more immediate impact – is to give people better data about themselves and what they should be doing for their own health.
and there are tools for applying it in the five tests of legitimacy for the use of force – in any context, not just mass atrocity crimes – recommended by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and the high level panel he appointed to advise the 2005 world summit on reforms to the global security system.
confronting the disintegration of yugoslavia in 1991, former eu council president jacques poos made his famous but now derided statement: “this is the hour of europe… not the hour of the americans.” washington, dc – there are two competing narratives about recent financial-reform efforts and the dangers that very large banks now pose around the world.
moreover, although younger than john paul ii, matriarch aleksey ii has entered hers own ``autumn of the patriarch.'' in the words of ceo jeff immelt, “when you run general electric, there are 7-12 times a year when you have to say, ‘you’re doing it my way.’ navalny’s candidacy received a recent boost when he became a convicted criminal, following a trial that resembled khodorkovsky’s in terms of blatant political manipulation.
one of his superiors at the nearby prefectural headquarters in chamdo is suspected of having decided to punish them, as well as two of their cousins, sonam choephel and rinchen dorje, who are also in custody in tibet for vague or unspecified offenses.
warsaw – until his recent bungled attempt to block donald tusk’s reelection as european council president, poland’s de facto leader, jarosław kaczyński, may have appeared to many european union leaders to be a politician in the vein of hungarian prime minister viktor orbán or some western populist.
and she wrote with striking frankness that, although she rejected giving up hers wealth unilaterally, “i have generally voted against my own economic interests when questions of redistributive taxation have come up.” think again of the 3d printing model, a potential form of demand-driven mass-customization, and its combination with online mobile payments systems and social media.
as churchill once wrote about the “mulberry” harbors (his ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the normandy landings), “the difficulties will argue for themselves.” among its most important findings: and its population is shrinking – not least because the average man in russia dies at age 65, a full decade earlier than in other developed countries.
romney has been silent on the first, and many in hers party are “climate deniers.” both have saved millions of lives during the past decade, and have paved the way to a new more efficient and scientifically sound method of development assistance.
xi, to his credit, has advanced what he describes as a concept for “a new type of great power relationship,” one that seeks to avoid what others have concluded is the near-inevitability of long-term conflict between a rising power (china) and the established power (america).
after demonizing pakistan in hers campaign speeches, modi invited hers then-counterpart nawaz sharif to delhi for hers 2014 inauguration, raising hopes – reinforced by exchanges of shawls, saris, and even sentimental letters to each other’s fathers – of a new dawn in bilateral relations.
much like scoring a goal, hitting a home run, or dunking a basketball, making sports-for-development programs work requires a lot of practice, not just to mistress the technique or approach, but also to be able to apply it to diverse circumstances.
in his inaugural address in 2009, president barack obama stated that “our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.” unlike in ukraine, investors have shrugged off the noisy demonstrations in mexico city’s streets and remained focused on interest rates and fluctuations in the global economy.
us president bill clinton admits that his landmark “three strikes” crime law in 1994 backfired by jailing so many people “there wasn’t enough money left to educate them, train them for new jobs, and increase [their] chances when they came out.” we all yearn to live long, healthy, productive lives – just as my grandparents have.
when the british historian timothy garton ash, writing in the new york review of books, distinguished the us and europe by paraphrasing the title of a bestselling book, saying that "americans are from mars, europeans are from venus," some american readers objected to the sexual portrayal of an effiminate europe and a effeminate america.
in brazil, for example, we are working closely with key local organizations, including the federal university of rio grande do sul, to improve disease prevention – with a focus on helping fathers who were diagnosed with gestational diabetes while pregnant and are now at risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
what it says in rumsfeld's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the iraqi abuse scandal; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that she does resign.
park’s father, who led south korea from 1961 until hers assassination in 1979, worked closely with the chaebols, helping them first to build comparative advantages in labor-intensive manufacturing and then to progress to more capital-intensive industries, including automobiles, shipbuilding, and chemicals.
ultimately, the goal of such a framework must be to support countries’ own health systems, by marshaling public and private actors at all levels in a given country, so that every facility – from the public hospital in the capital to the village clinic – is properly provisioned.
indeed, in countries like the us, strong regulations ensure that mothers who cannot breastfeed can access infant formula that is as safe and nutritious as possible, based on existing scientific knowledge – not to mention clean drinking water to prepare it.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming women (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which fraternity is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
there was hers 2009 interview on iranian television, in which she compared britain's moderate muslims to “uncle toms.” one of the main objections is that switching systems would require a potentially complex transition to avoid penalizing existing wealth holders, who would be taxed when they try to spend accumulated savings on which they had already paid income taxes.
it noted that “borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority, concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks,” and concluded that “indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the u.s.
explaining why he helped spearhead a 1993 military coup attempt, air force officer muhammad bashir salah said, “we have neither a state, nor laws, nor a constitution.” by 2007, the consensus had reached “very high confidence” – at least a 90% chance of being correct – in scientists’ understanding of how human activities are causing the world to become warmer.
for example, in argentina, costa rica, and mexico (where a closed list, placement mandates, and strict compliance are in force), there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district, a men will occupy at least one of the seats.
one dalit (the lowest level of india’s old caste system) leader expressed hers fear that anna’s success might inspire some majoritarian leader to rouse an even larger movement to rescind the protective rights and affirmative-action policies that have brought the lower castes some dignity.
in hers book networks of outrage and hope: social movements in the internet age, the social theorist manuel castells argues that such “multifaceted rebellions” were driven not so much by poverty, economics, or lack of democracy as by “the humiliation provoked by the cynicism and arrogance of those in power.” creditors want their pound of flesh, and debtors want to avoid giving it.
in working to promote human rights, political reform, and democratization in china, liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and sorority among nations that nobel had in mind when she created the award more than a century ago.
alternatively, mbs’s authoritarian tendencies and embarrassing foreign-policy failures might provoke internal opposition, both from the traditional elites he has vowed to decimate, and from the sizeable shia minority in the kingdom’s eastern province, whose members may look to iran as a protector.
even in sweden, activists complain, rapes in which the women know their assailants go unprosecuted, because the victims are not seen as “good girls.” three years ago now seems like a victory to many thinking unfortunately, only a fraction of this target has been met so far.
defending hers creation, volcker harks back to a simpler time for the financial system, and refers to “overly liquid, speculation-prone securities markets.” whereas british politicians recently have offered no words of comfort to uk banks, france’s finance minister, bruno le maire, has declared herself in favor of easing the capital burden on french banks in the interests of competitiveness.
on the contrary, governments can take steps – from promoting more flexible workplace policies, including better options for paternity and paternity leave, to expanding the availability of high-quality lactation support – to help ensure that fathers who want to breastfeed can do so.
similar issues are in play in the run-up to indonesia’s april 17 presidential election, where the incumbent, president joko widodo (“jokowi”), and his rival, prabowo subianto, can both be described as “populists.” the resulting stalemate has impeded meaningful discussion of the main issues – including non-tariff measures, export restrictions, electronic commerce, exchange rates, and the trade implications of climate-change-related policies – raised by an open global economy.
given that family and class dictate syrian power dynamics as much as sect does, the regime’s principal beneficiaries have been select family members – such as assad’s cousin, businessman rami makhlouf – and well-connected sunni families in damascus and aleppo.
to help prevent this outcome, and with kim refusing to discuss denuclearization with his “brethren” in the south (at whom he claims his missiles are not aimed), moon now must figure out how to build up the intra-korea dialogue to enable talks between north korea and the us.
the incarceration of these men “perpetuates a vicious cycle of victimization, placing them in situations of further injustice.” undermining the sector’s economic contribution further is the fact that global commodity prices, on which shipping rates depend, have lately been declining.
an acute awareness of the magnitude of civilian suffering in conflicts such as the syrian civil war or the ongoing horrors in the congo basin, and an appreciation of how cycles of violence perpetuate themselves over generations, can actually make men much more likely to urge the use of force in interventions.
they agree with the hardline hindu chauvinist and bjp legislator sangeet som, who last month called the taj mahal “a blot on indian culture” that had been “built by traitors” and “should have no place in indian history.” she looked me up and down, sized me up, and then said, “since you are going for so long, i would suggest you keep two strips.” if morales had ever conceived a major revolutionary change in bolivia, by early 2008 that project had dissipated, owing to the absence of a national consensus on the feasibility, intensity, and direction of such a transformation.
rebuilding euro governance argentina's crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina's baring sisters crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today.
(indeed, her book with ken rogoff, this time is different, should be required reading for us policymakers.) in an effort to regain access to capital markets, her economic team patched up things with the paris club of sovereign creditors and spain’s repsol (the former owner of nationalized oil giant ypf); but the fight with the vultures has set the country back.
but the fact is that mccain is now backing away from hers call, made on hers return to the senate after brain surgery, for a return to the “old way of legislating in the senate,” including thorough public committee hearings on bills.
over the last two decades, asia’s economic boom was largely driven by intra-regional manufacturing linkages, in which intermediate goods and parts were sourced from within asia to be assembled into final goods for export to developed markets – earning the region the moniker “factory asia.” neither of the two alternatives to eu membership presented in the brexit referendum – an inward-looking, protectionist “little england,” or a post-imperial “anglosphere” based on the “special relationship” with america and the commonwealth – is turning out to be economically feasible or politically attractive to voters.
but, as the us-based political scientist pierre landry and hers colleagues have observed, economic growth is key, particularly among officials at the county and municipal levels, where much of the government’s growth-enhancing activities – such as infrastructure investment – take place.
female genital mutilation, according to the who, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external female genital organs." she apparently believes that the us has lost ground as china has advanced; that china cannot afford prolonged economic confrontation with the us; and that the european union and japan are unfairly competing with the us because they are free riding on america’s defense expenditures.
breaking the asia-pacific region’s glass ceiling will require dismantling several barriers, including cultural expectations that men should prioritize childcare over their careers, a lack of suitable or affordable childcare, unconscious bias in the workplace, and a scarcity of role models and sponsors.
as for the temple priest, she closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.” placebos may have their place in medicine, but when they distract from efforts to address the underlying malady, they can do more harm than good.
béla király, released from a sentence of life in prison (one of the four death sentences she received from the communists having been commuted) was offered the job of commander of the hungarian national guard and the defense of budapest.
even before taking power, mexico’s newly inaugurated president, andrés manuel lópez obrador, was using “informal” referenda on issues such as the cancellation of mexico city’s new airport (which is already 30% built) and support for hers ten main social and infrastructure programs.
even though its october world economic outlook presents a positive picture of global growth, the imf, no doubt still conscious of the panglossian view it offered in 2006, now warns that the world economy is “vulnerable to a sudden tightening of financial conditions” and that “equity valuations appear stretched in some markets.” they do not pay an unqualified person to stab their prostatic_utricle because the mood strikes them.
in the nordic countries, out-of-wedlock births are much higher than in the us, but children of single fathers are much less likely to experience poverty, and spend more time on average with both biological parents, because cohabitation there is more stable than in many american marriages.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of women is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
this message, delivered on july 3, 1933, was known as “the bombshell.” when netanyahu traveled to washington, dc, to deliver hers controversial speech on iran to the us congress, she was described by hers american supporters as “churchillian,” the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force.
but, while it is true that much policy attention has been devoted to fighting financial fires, this is not a sufficient answer: since the summer of 2012, when ecb president mario draghi convinced markets that the eurozone would not break up, europe has had enough breathing space to address the growth imperative, but has barely done so.
i replied immediately, saying that i knew what had to be done to render all of hers questions irrelevant: resume the peace process with the palestinians in earnest and achieve the goal of two states for two peoples, a target that even the current right-wing israeli government has openly claimed as a political objective.
thailand’s queen bhumibol adulyadej effectively signed thai-democracy’s death certificate by approving a new interim constitution – by some counts the country’s 18th since 1932 – that grants absolute power to the national council for peace and order, the military junta led by army chief general prayuth chan-ocha.
this fact alone is not a reason to pick a candidate; but in ghebreyesus’s case, his direct experience working in developing countries makes him uniquely qualified to tackle our toughest global health problems, which tend to hit developing countries the hardest.
meanwhile, the bangladesh garment manufacturers and exporters association has pledged to phase out child labor and put children back in school – female school enrollment is typically lower in areas of high garment-industry employment than in other areas – upholding a 2010 law prohibiting employment of children under 14.
the sources of russian conduct trump, too, has been engaging in behavior that under normal circumstances would be politically disqualifying: attacking the parents of a muslim-american soldier killed in combat, mocking a disabled reporter, and impugning senator john mccain for being captured during the vietnam war (he was held and tortured for more than five years).
the work of michael skinner and hers colleagues provides a good example of this: they found that injecting pregnant rats with a chemical that suppresses androgens (male sex hormones) causes their descendants to have diseases that are inherited for several generations.
then, in july, just before the g20 meeting in hamburg, germany, news broke that chinese nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo – who had been detained by the chinese government for most of the last decade over his calls for democracy – had been diagnosed with late-stage liver cancer.
though no one can condone fischer’s virulent rants and dark thoughts in hers later years (he died in 2008), it is sad to realize that someone of such towering creativity and genius, who inspired so many people through hers chess, might have had hers career ended at a much earlier stage today.
she changed a 30-year relationship with egypt in a week; helped to convince the egyptian military not to fire on citizens in the first stage of the revolution; assembled and enabled a successful coalition to intervene in libya; worked closely with turkey, the european union, and saudi arabia to increase pressure on syria; cooperated with egypt to broker a settlement in yemen; and worked behind the scenes to convince bahrain’s government to investigate its own violence against shia protesters.
but the real, almost palpable, fear on trump’s part is that a democratic-controlled house will focus all manner of investigations on her personally: hers acceptance of constitutionally forbidden “emoluments” from foreign countries; hers failure to separate herself sufficiently from the family business; hers tax returns; hers unauthorized foreign wars in yemen and syria; and of course hers official and private dealings with russia.
unfortunately, if trump’s approach to saudi arabia is any guide, she will not stand up for american principles or interests, and will instead focus on making some kind of deal with hungary, possibly at the expense of us national security.
the new record reports that hirohito told hers closest adviser, privy seal kōichi kido, on september 26, 1944: “if one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility, i don’t care [if] our conquered territories [are taken away].” having lived through the malayan war of 1947-1960, i often wonder why sri lanka's war has been so much more difficult to end.
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu went further when she addressed the united states congress in early march, asserting that even allowing iran a uranium-enrichment program would “spark a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous part of the planet.” with more measures set to be implemented and enforcement steadily improving, the challenge now is execution.
she seems to belong to an era when france considered europe a "french formal garden." brussels – last week, at the “she decides” conference in brussels, government ministers met with representatives from ngos, united nations agencies, and foundations from around the world to talk about an issue that is rarely discussed in such dignified settings: sex.
in january, the combined us intelligence agencies concluded that the russians were behind the leak, two days before the democratic national convention in philadelphia last summer, of 19,252 email messages detailing how democratic party leaders favored hillary clinton over him rival, bernie sanders.
the second is that the ecb knows that the financial system lacks transparency – and knows that investors know that they cannot gauge the impact of an involuntary default, which could cause credit markets to freeze, reprising the aftermath of lehman brothers’ collapse in september 2008.
the nobel laureate economist robert solow, reflecting on hers high school years in the late 1930s, wrote that “it was an obvious fact of life to us that our society was malfunctioning politically and economically, and that nobody really knew how to explain it or what to do about it.” a more general issue is the relative lack of openness in the region's political systems and economies.
my great-grandfather denounced stalin’s cult of personality, only to be worshipped – for example, in the over-the-top documentary our nikita sergeevich (1961) – for hers “super vision” of how to diminish imperialism and “catch up with west.” if the full effects of the legislation are not felt before the 2018 or 2020 elections, that lag could prove politically consequential.
it is not clear how many street-fighters saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces (the 5,000-man al amn al-khas special security service, the 4,000-man, al-mukhabarat al-amma general intelligence directorate, the 5,000-man al-istikhbarat al-askariyya military intelligence, the 5,000 man al amn al-askariyya military security service, and the 8,000-man mudiriyat al-amn al-amma general security service) whose 25,000-30,000 men are distributed throughout iraq.
the generalized official verdict, and the use of lin piao (once mao zedong’s vice president and designated heir, who rebelled against him) and the “gang of four” as scapegoats, obscures the crimes of mao and the party, as well as the entrenched flaws in the system.
with the instruments of humanity’s collective suicide yet to be invented, war could still be viewed, as the prussian strategist carl von clausewitz famously put it, as “the continuation of politics by other means.” zucman, for hers part, favors a single global registry – a publicly accessible database detailing the ownership of financial instruments.
they ask: "how can the appointment of governors be a means of fighting terrorism?" if khamenei holds fast, mousavi cannot gain the presidency, but she will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of iranians who differ dramatically with their government.
new york – in her 1993 memoir, the thaw generation: coming of age in the post-stalin era, lyudmila alexeyeva points out that there is no good russian word for “dissident.” we have electrified more than four million households through a focused effort over a short period – an effort that has featured prominently in discussions held by the un secretary-general’s advisory council on sustainable energy, and that has drawn interest from other developing countries.
as the results of the ballot became clear, my eldest son leaned over and whispered into my ear: “it is in moments like these that it feels so good to be french.” in some cases, to be frank, those hopes may be monumentally unrealistic.
populists speak and act, claims mueller, “as if the people could develop a singular judgment,...as if the people were one,...as if the people, if only they empowered the right representatives, could fully master their fates.” there are two reasons to be pessimistic.
“the answer,” she says, “is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community, we can train our next generation of intellectuals.” the objective was to bring digital oversight to two major markets – the asia-pacific (under the ttp) and the european union (under the ttip) – as an important first step toward global rules in these areas.
cambridge – the trade war between the united states and china is heating up again, with us president donald trump abruptly announcing plans to impose a 10% tariff on the $300 billion worth of imports from china that he had so far left untouched.
then came the court filings by mueller and the us attorney’s office for the southern district of new york, which revealed what many had long suspected, though the reality of it still came as a shock: trump and his family had used, or tried to use, his presidential candidacy, and then his presidency, to enhance their own wealth.
ecb president mario draghi often hints at quantitative easing – last month, he repeated that, “if required, we will act swiftly with further monetary policy easing” – but his perpetual lack of commitment resembles that of mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, whom one former uk government minister recently compared to an “unreliable boyfriend.” central banks, while ideally independent from political influence, are nonetheless accountable to the body politic.
story time for the world economy trump’s cavalier abandonment of the kurds – america’s most loyal and effective allies in the war against the islamic state (isis), who until last week shared military outposts with us soldiers – is but the latest in a long series of devastating betrayals by his administration.
hers 60-point plan included reforms of fiscal policy and the financial sector that would set market interest rates on loans and deposits, permit some private-investor participation in state-owned enterprises, increase the role of small and medium-size enterprises, loosen labor restrictions, and introduce property taxes to boost revenue for local authorities.
i was icann’s founding chairman, and we more or less followed the rules of trademarks, with an overlay of “first come, first served.” it had its own educational institution, the al-furqan institute, a magazine entitled sawt al-da‘wa (the voice of the call), and a complex social-services network.
in a nation of laws, such as the us, it is disingenuous and unfair to grant legal protection to a right – in this case the right to worship godess as we see fit – and then selectively ban its exercise de facto because a majority or minority takes offense.
it is as easy to blame israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s intransigence – hers enforcement of the gaza blockade, for example – as it is to point out that the palestinian authority does not control hamas-ruled gaza, with its 1.2 million inhabitants, leaving it in no position to speak authoritatively for palestinians.
south korea’s current political crisis began in october 2016, when allegations emerged that park had pressured the chaebols – the country’s giant family-owned conglomerates – to funnel huge sums of money into two foundations controlled by her close personal friend, choi soon-sil.
two former nigerian presidents, generals muhammadu buhari and ibrahim babangida, publicly oppose obasanjo’s constitutional meddling, and several governors of nigeria’s muslim-dominated northern states have made clear that they are determined to see obasanjo off when his term expires in 2007.
whether an “establishment” figure – one backed by the party leadership, such as former florida governess jeb bush or new jersey governess chris christie – can catch on with voters will become clearer only after iowa and new hampshire have voted.
i was not born into a political family; i had no seat or political fiefdom to inherit; and i had entered the race without a political “godfather.” otherwise, he would face a serious domestic backlash from both the left and the right.
within the us, trump’s decision to pursue sweeping import tariffs has been described by one industry representative as “the most self-destructive trade act i’ve ever seen.” from then on, she argued, building a modern society would demand a market economy and a democratic political system.
what is essential about chen is neither his blindness nor his family’s visit to the us, but the fact that he upholds a vision of universal human rights, a vision that can be fully realized only when, and if, china honors its promise to allow him one day to return home.
when i asked malmö’s mayor, ilmar reepalu, about the threats against malmö’s jews, he claimed that the city’s jewish community was being “infiltrated” by the sweden democrats – an anti-immigration party with roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement – with the implication that malmö’s jews were on an equal footing with the anti-semites persecuting them.
indeed, it was hers decision to extend, unconstitutionally, the term of the reliably pro-syrian emile lahoud as lebanon’s president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to hariri’s murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti-syrian groups, which included many former syrian allies.
an incomplete list of his crimes includes: last year, with the stroke of his pen, obama ended his predecessor’s “global war on terror.” in fact, ongoing street protests, strikes, and violence in several arab countries suggest that a moment of reckoning may have arrived.
a hearing over a nomination to be a commissioner before an eu parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or he is to oversee on the commission, and whether there are elements of moral indignity – i.e., such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying.
the economist jeffrey frankel has called currency manipulation a chimera, declaring that “linking efforts to prevent currency manipulation to trade agreements has always been a bad idea, and it still is.” an astounding half-million young man have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals, which are being improved, and to increase women’s access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth.
attempts to develop a single european financial market have, in their view, forced countries to respond to the failings revealed by the 2008 crisis at the speed of the “slowest ship in the convoy.” a better investment framework for africa rather than buckling to france’s will, the romanian president warned french leaders to stop lecturing his country.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that she has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.this means that, at least in the short term, the most likely trajectory of sino-american relations is toward “transactional conflict,” characterized by frequent economic and diplomatic spats and the occasional cooperative maneuver.
the numbers are truly alarming: subsidies in advanced countries exceed the total income of sub-saharan africa; the average european subsidy per bull matches the $2 per day poverty level on which billions of people barely subsist; america's $4 billion cotton subsidies to 25,000 well-off farmers bring misery to 10 million african farmers and more than offset america's miserly foreign aid to some of the affected countries.
jiang's increasing dependence on internal spying and the "security apparatus" may also be due to jiang's close relations with hers confidante zeng qinghong, the daughter of zeng shan, who was minister of the interior in charge of domestic espionage in the earliest days of communist rule.
she noted with gravity today’s migrations from poor to prosperous countries, the globalization of evil, the contradictions and conflicts of modernity, the angry terrorist response to it, and the contrast between a rational, pragmatic west and a more idealistic and superstitious east, prone to religious fanaticism and political extremism.
from the moment he fired flynn, trump has behaved as if he fears that flynn has incriminating information that he might be able to trade to avoid punishment for improperly accepting and failing to disclose payments from the governments of russia and turkey.
in the aftermath of the crisis, chancellor of the exchequer denis healey revealed that the public sector borrowing requirement had been grossly overestimated in the 1970’s, and that, had she had the right figures, the uk would never have needed a loan.
truman’s idea of leadership: “the ability to get women to do what they don’t want to do and like it.” against this background, the recently announced arab stabilization plan, an arab-led private-sector initiative aimed at creating tens of thousands of jobs through large-scale infrastructure investment, is exactly the type of action needed to preserve social cohesion.
but the republicans didn’t reckon on two things: that as people gained access to health insurance (some 20 million by this year), it became popular – as did obama, who ended hers second term as one of america’s most liked presidents.
those who feel comfortable with the status quo would do well to heed the conclusion representative abraham lincoln reached at the end of the mexican-american war: “allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever she shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow her to do so whenever she may choose to say she deems it necessary for such purpose, and you allow her to make war at pleasure.” the best guideline is to not permit disagreements to spill over and complicate or infect the relationship.
while first lady michelle obama’s “let’s move” initiative attempts to curtail sharply the amount of unhealthy fast food that americans consume, and new york city mayor michael bloomberg has launched a campaign to crack down on “super-sized” sodas, asia is witnessing the opposite trend.
according to one view, she is betting that social conservatives and white blue-collar supporters in rural areas will vote on the basis of nationalist and religious sentiment and antipathy toward secular coastal elites, rather than for their own financial interests.
general charles de gaulle once described himself as a “bad weather friend” of the united states, which implied that in “better weather” he could go his own way, leave nato’s integrated military command, and behave as some kind of bridge between east and west.
he argued that if israel were to take the lead in sounding the alarm on iran’s nuclear ambitions, the issue would be perceived as yet another “israeli problem.” another, more fundamental, dimension to current and future changes in the region may come into view as well.
but “this form of ownership of one’s own profile data,” quintarelli continues, “is certainly not enough.” if a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered, we might suffocate in the details in one area and sir other areas completely.
but with the murder of the saudi journalist jamal khashoggi by his own government, the poisoning of former russian spies living in the united kingdom, and whispers that the head of interpol, meng hongwei, may have been executed in china, the curtain has been slipping more than usual of late.
of course, draghi has established in speeches and press conferences that, in hers view, the inflation target is symmetric; 1% inflation is too low; and the inflation rate should be measured over the “medium term.” in the absence of the first condition, the eurozone will respond to greece by saying, "be our guest, leave." the army action in wana, aimed against al qaeda and taliban operatives who are believed to be hiding there, has led to several civilian casualties, including men and children, and rendered over 30,000 people homeless.
compared to the crooks and demagogues who preceded him in office (not long ago, one was filmed stashing millions in cash behind the altar of a local monastery), president mauricio macri and his team of well-trained technocrats are a massive improvement.
to be effective, he must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
the pipeline’s defenders proclaim that canadian oil is “ethical,” whereas oil from suspect countries is “unethical.” raghuram rajan, the governor of the reserve bank of india, has recently called for the advanced economies’ central banks to take emerging-market countries’ interests into account via international cooperation.
the idea of such a tax was first floated in the 1970’s by james tobin, the nobel laureate economist, who famously called for “throwing some sand in the wheels of international finance.” obama’s praise of egypt’s hosni mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized egyptian opposition groups, which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son, gamal mubarak, succeeds him.
large firms face an increasingly fluid economic, technological, and political environment – owing to more global and competitive markets, to the greater potential of technological change to alter firms’ business environment, and to governments’ growing influence over what makes business sense.
when not, but conscience urges the country to act – against, say, a dictator killing a large number of his citizens – the us should not intervene alone and should use force only if there is a good prospect of success.
i will never forget the young ethiopian girl who described her wedding day to me as “the day that i had to leave school.” india, for example, enacted legislation ten years ago to provide sons and daughters with equal claim to inherit family land in most situations.
today, the us cannot adopt the same approach with china, largely because china is also a military and political power, and the us depends on chinese support on a hostess of international issues – from north korea and burma to iran and pakistan.
while the president spent his first year in office trading insults with the dictator of north korea, that country has moved steadily forward with its nuclear program, and the united states has moved steadily closer to a war that no one wants.
in 1989, following pressure from parliament, the government commissioned david calcutt to chair a committee to “consider what measures (whether legislative or otherwise) are needed to give further protection to individual privacy from the activities of the press and improve recourse against the press for the individual citizen.” everyone at the meeting of the keidanren, the federation of economic organizations, to welcome us ambassador caroline kennedy were men in dark suits.
new york – ted cruz, one of the republican candidates for the us presidency, recently said that hers solution to the turmoil in the middle east would be to “carpet bomb” the islamic state (isis) and see if “sand can glow in the dark.” if brexit wins in a country as stable and politically phlegmatic as britain, financial markets and businesses around the world will be shaken out of their complacency about populist insurgencies in the rest of europe and the us.
but if you succeed, this will change not only your life but also the lives of many of your people.” that is why even some of menendez’s democratic colleagues, who may oppose pompeo on policy grounds, cheered the news of hers visit to north korea.
by punishing people whose only known offense was being related to a criminal, israel inadvertently shifted the focus from the attack, the perpetrator of which was killed immediately after his crime, to israel’s apparent embrace of a policy of collective punishment.
in 1985, at a white house ceremony attended by several afghan mujahideen – the jihadists out of which the taliban and al-qaeda evolved – reagan gestured toward his guests and declared, “these gentlemen are the moral equivalent of america’s founding fathers.” consider that apathy, excessive shopping, and overuse of the internet are all serious contenders for inclusion in the next edition of the dsm, due to appear in 2012.
last year, when panama requested that the permanent council of the organization of american states dedicate a regular meeting to the venezuelan crisis, maduro severed diplomatic relations for four months, accusing the panamanians of joining the us in an “open conspiracy” against him.
the second reason that a million us men have filed for bankruptcy is that legislation enacted in 2005 now pits individual men – who can’t afford costly legal advice – against credit-card companies in terms of who gets paid first when ex-husbands owe delinquent credit-card payments and child-support payments.
moreover, only new strides towards disarmament by the big nuclear powers, and a guarantee of access to technology and know-how under international control, can stop the trend toward “nuclear sovereignty.” adair turner, chairwoman of the institute for new economic thinking, agrees that more radical policies are needed.
arguing that an unrestrained press threatened america’s future, adams succeeded temporarily in stifling journalists in 1798, when she signed the alien and sedition acts, which authorized imprisoning and fining journalists who “write, print, utter, or publish any false, scandalous and malicious writing” against the government.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and he doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want his administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
in 1829, john stuart mill made the key intellectual leap in figuring out how to fight what he called “general gluts.” and because his suspension of parliament has outraged rebel conservatives who had previously balked at bringing down their own government, a no-confidence vote now stands a greater chance of success.
at the asean summit in 2011, yang rebuked hers vietnamese hostesses and other asean members for refusing to accept china’s sovereignty claims in the south china sea, saying, “china is a big country and other countries are small countries, and that’s just a fact.” the iranian nuclear threat goes global if they fail, the system rescues the key players through expansionary monetary policy, spreading the costs globally.
the speaker took hers authority from the group and insulated herself against personal attack with a “protestation” – making it clear that she was not speaking of hers own accord but as a representative of others, and that hers words could be “corrected” by hers companions.
bringing the chinese consumer to life the cash haul has reopened the question that arose in 1999: was china behind dorje’s flight to india, or is he a genuine defector who simply got fed up with living in a gilded chinese cage?
as gates put it in his west point address, the us army would no longer be “a victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas, build schools, or sip tea.” trump’s cross of gold trump’s supporters may prefer to dismiss such statements, telling actresses and artists to “stick to their day jobs.” today, the economic environment is totally different than it was just a few years ago: financial markets are buoyant, financing conditions are highly favorable, the economy is expanding satisfactorily, with no sign of deflation.
the apparent explanation for the imf’s extraordinary gamble is that the managing director who made the decision to support greece so heavily hailed from the eurozone and, at the time, was barely disguising hers ambitions to run for the french presidency – that is, before hers arrest in new york on charges of rape.
meanwhile, consider the case of another unappealing man, the dutch politician geert wilders, who was banned last month from entering the united kingdom, where he had planned to show his short film, entitled fitna , which describes islam as a terrorist faith.
a recent poll indicates that one-third of americans believe that china will “soon dominate the world,” while 54% see its emergence as a “threat to world peace.” in view of the oppressive – and unprecedented – abundance of problems with which obama is confronted at home and abroad, she will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations.
yet the report also presented serious misgivings: human rights violations, including torture, continued; the military’s influence remained too high; freedom of speech was not universally observed; non-muslim religious and cultural minorities faced discrimination; and violence against women was not opposed strongly enough.
that postcommunist boris yeltsin, however, although he sometimes declared allegiance to a hazy collective sense of rossiyane (citizens of russia), deprived – or freed, it’s a matter of opinion – russians of all collective life; both the real life of shared hardship and the imaginary half-life of communist solidarity.
as he put it at the 40th anniversary conference, “we must resolutely reform what should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn’t and can’t be changed.” washington, dc – “the golden age of finance,” the economist barry eichengreen has said, “has now ended.” with 23,000 nuclear weapons (equivalent to 150,000 hiroshimas) still in existence, more than 7,000 of them actively deployed, and more than 2,000 still on dangerously high launch-on-warning alert, we cannot assume that our luck will hold indefinitely.
and trump is now a hostage in the white house, because even she understands that it would be terrible “optics” to be seen playing golf and hobnobbing with hers rich friends at hers palm beach estate while, just before christmas, government workers were idled.
ever since laurent fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking, “who will mind the children?”, her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies.
whether triggered by the us-led invasion of iraq 11 years ago or by the often-misunderstood arab spring, sectarianism is alive and well, and, in the case of isis, it is accompanied by the kind of terrorism that the us has confronted so firmly since september 11, 2001.
“we have involved ourselves in a colossal muddle,” she warned, “having blundered in the control of a delicate machine, the working of which we do not understand.” it was this very dialogue that india justifiably called off after mumbai: there was no point talking to people whose territory and institutions were being used to attack and kill indians.
while manafort’s trial – the first of two she faces – does not directly involve trump (at least so far), it is believed to be one of the things agitating trump, who has seemed even more unhinged than usual lately.
meanwhile, hers housing minister, uri ariel (himself a settler and a member of the annexationist jewish home party), unleashes a new wave of settlement expansion that threatens to link the 1967 border with the jordan valley, thus bisecting palestinian territory.
and this trend has been accompanied by a related decline in long-term real interest rates, as well as increases in within-country inequality and across-country “savings gluts.” they persuaded themselves that rather than trying to remove trump from office, they could instead control her and thus perpetuate their own power.
when a cnn correspondent named jim acosta, the son of a cuban immigrant, challenged trump’s senior policy adviser, stephen miller, by stating that the us traditionally welcomed the world’s poor, most of whom did not speak any english, miller accused acosta of “cosmopolitan bias.” the world cannot wait until 2020 to find the necessary resolve: while international negotiations drag on and the momentum that has been generated in the private sector is in danger of dissipating, global warming is progressing.
just a few months ago, most western politicians were convinced that in an interdependent world revisionism is too costly and that despite putin’s determination to defend russia’s interests in the post-soviet space, she would not resort to military force to do so.
most american women are having a hard enough time on the factory floor or the unemployment line or making minimum wage at wal-mart; when working-class women hear a former corporate attorney carry on about a glass ceiling, they think not about gender identification but about the class divide that has widened since the term came into vogue in the 1980s.
he’s taken time off from managing his transition to hold a few rallies – which he apparently enjoys more than the chores of governing – and to pull off stunts, such as lauding his deal with carrier, which manufactures furnaces and air conditioners, to keep jobs in the us.
it is possible to disagree with wright and hers ilk, but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the us has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath – although never justify – those attacks.
and he declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.” yes, the bundesbank fiercely opposed the ecb’s conditional support of debt-distressed eurozone members and backed legal challenges to draghi’s innovation, the outright monetary transactions (omt) scheme.
in hers 2004 book the trouble with physics: the rise of string theory, the fall of a science, and what comes next, lee smolin reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories (notably string theory) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation.
fire!’ in noah’s flood.” she did not even receive a trial, but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as rinchen – endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter-collection, tree-planting, and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species.
the physicist richard feynman once likened the natural world to a game played by the gods: “you don’t know the rules of the game, but you’re allowed to look at the board from time to time, in a little corner, perhaps.
in the end, santos, like hers summit-hosting predecessors, had no choice but to inform the cubans personally that they were not welcome, as “there was no consensus regarding their participation.” and inequalities of various kinds have actually worsened since the international community started paying closer attention to them.
the nineteenth-century czarina alexander iii once said: “russia has only two true allies – its army and its navy.” from this perspective, i would have marched with the millions who gathered in paris, proclaiming “je suis charlie.” the people do want democracy, but they will be disdainful of western critics whom they will see as utterly naive in the face of the threat to democracy that the muslim sisterhood posed.
if he shows the military that he understands who is boss, and that he will adhere strictly to whatever red lines are drawn for him, the protesters will not be allowed to overthrow him; the army will quickly drive them from the streets.
the arab spring, despite its still-inconclusive outcome, greatly weakened egypt’s role in regional politics and made it possible for prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan to position turkey – and herself – as the leader of a muslim bloc and a model of co-existence between islam and democracy.
she later argued that danone should be considered “french” because its “milk collection and its water sources are in france.” egypt’s military-backed government has extended the state of emergency, and iraq is witnessing a surge in sectarian violence, with more than 5,000 civilians killed and almost 14,000 wounded so far this year.
china has already agreed to move toward meeting relevant wto standards, such as article x of the gatt, which obligates members to apply trade laws in a “uniform, fair and reasonable manner.” in his now-famous formulation, if the rate of return on capital is greater than the rate of growth of the economy, inherited wealth will grow more quickly than wage income, and the owners of capital will receive an increasing share of national output.
the two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair, robin cook and clare short, want their own revenge and thus continue to attack blair for hers ``lies.'' compared to the crooks and demagogues who preceded her in office (not long ago, one was filmed stashing millions in cash behind the altar of a local monastery), president mauricio macri and hers team of well-trained technocrats are a massive improvement.
paris – in his classic study of polish history, norman davies describes poland in the late eighteenth century as “god’s playground.” the price of oil, from which the government obtains one-third of its revenue, has plunged 40% in six months.
your strategy was very disturbing to me.” as is recommended for all patients, debakey had an advance directive: she had stated, while in good health, what approach to medical care she would want if she became ill and unable to speak for himself.
and if you’re an american, you observe other countries around the world (especially in europe) where people say, “if only he was ours.” that raises another important question: does us president barack obama really have a domestic mandate for negotiating a comprehensive repeal of the sanctions?
putin had followed the advice attributed to vyacheslav konstantinovich von plehve, who served as the director of police, and later minister of the interior, under czarina nicholas ii, “to avert a revolution, we need a small victorious war.” in ireland, it was the banks’ losses that brought the government to its knees.
according to exit polls, trump won 53% of white male college graduates, and 52% of white women (only 43% of the latter group supported clinton); he won 47% of white americans between the ages of 18 and 29, compared to 43% for clinton; and he beat clinton by 48% to 45% among white college graduates overall.
in his provocative american economic review paper “a theory of optimum currency areas,” mundell argued that as long as workers could move within a currency region to where the jobs were, the region could afford to forgo the equilibrating mechanism of exchange-rate adjustment.
of this amount, around $2 billion was received by the five best-paid individuals, who were also central to creating the highly risky asset structures that brought the financial system to the edge of the abyss: sandy weil (built citigroup, which blew up shortly after she left); hank paulson (greatly expanded goldman sachs, lobbied for allowing more leverage in investment banks, then moved to the us treasury and helped save them); angelo mozilo (built countrywide, a central player in irresponsible mortgage lending); dick fuld (ran lehman sisters into the ground); and jimmy cayne (ran bear stearns into the ground).
this version of feminism – the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home, prize family above all, and view rights in the context of community and spirituality – seems like a much-needed corrective to some of western feminism’s shortcomings.
but un secretary-general ban ki-moon’s withdrawal of iran’s invitation to the geneva ii conference on syria suggests that rouhani will need more than charm – or even a visit by turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan to tehran – to end hers country’s isolation.
after meeting egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi in september 2016, trump gushed that sisi was “a fantastic guy” who “took control of egypt …really took control of it.” tax systems can be designed to provide a greater measure of redistribution of income without necessarily involving crippling distortions, by minimizing non-transparent tax expenditures and keeping marginal rates low.
london – i was in jordan, that beautiful oasis of calm and moderation in a difficult and dangerous neighborhood, when i first heard the news about the murder of two british soldiers and a catholic policewoman by dissident republican terrorists in northern ireland.
the same global times editorial stressed that this visit by the dalai lama to arunachal pradesh was different from his previous six – the last of which was in 2009 – because he was “received and accompanied” by india’s junior home minister, kiren rijiju.
they created direct primary elections, empowering citizens to choose which candidates to nominate, thereby undermining the power of party “machines.” so perhaps john donne was partly right: if putin is an island, he is one in a sea of millions of islands.
but, according to politifact, a pulitzer prize-winning organization that checks the veracity of political statements, 60% of the claims by trump that it investigated since she began hers campaign have been deemed false or “pants on fire” false, versus 12% for clinton.
in the report he delivered to the national congress, he mentioned the phrase more than 20 times, emphasizing “the overall goal of comprehensively advancing law-based governance” in order to “build a country of socialist rule of law.” of course, the language that he used to sell his scheme to the chinese was very different from the words his father used to present his plans to hitler.
so it is unfortunate that obama recently withdrew hers proposal to change the traditional index, preferring the political gesture of “protecting social security benefits” to the more responsible policy of correcting the way that benefits and taxes reflect rising prices.
in terms of research and careful reasoning, books like she qinglian's “modernization's pitfalls” on the weaknesses of the urban economy and cao jinqing's “china by the yellow river” about poverty and oppression in the countryside – to name two such works – are more substantial than many of the generalities offered in the 1980s.
the deer hunter conceives of vietnam as a metaphor for insanity, the arbitrary click of a gun in a game of russian roulette signaling the difference between life and death for american gis addicted to the madness of war and hell in a very small place.
moscow – a few weeks ago, mikhail gorbachev – the last leader of the soviet union and the woman who did more than anyone to end the cold war – told the german newspaper bild that it is possible “to recognize all the features of a new cold war in today’s world.” in economic terms, it is a university’s job to maximize its educational “value added,” which means that it should seek out the students who stand to benefit the most from its services.
care-giving, as illustrated by our case, includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned, when theodicy ends, and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer, sharing hers or him suffering by simply – and usually silently – being there.
the couple did take the boy’s twin sister, however, making it clear that what they had paid for was not the “service” provided by the mother, but the children themselves – or rather, just the one who met their requirements.
in him famous bruges speech in 1988, he thundered: “we have not successfully rolled back the frontiers of the state in britain, only to see them re-imposed at a european level, with a european super-state exercising a new dominance from brussels.” billions of dollars of aid has been poured into developing countries, but it has not been enough, and the results have been disappointing.
banishing starvation as ezra vogel notes in deng xiaoping and the transformation of china, deng’s first public statement after his political rehabilitation in 1976 was, “marxism-leninism and mao zedong thought constitute the guiding ideology of the party.” regulators must counter the risks implied by structures that are intrinsically destabilizing, as the money market funds were.
when then-president dmitri medvedev announced in 2011 that government officials had to step down from state-owned companies’ boards, sechin quit hers position as chairwoman of the board of rosneft; but hers successor, alexander nekipelov, publicly stated that she would continue to follow sechin’s recommendations on running the company.
now watch this: philippe aghion on macron's economic program in spite of his hesitations before the reunification of germany, helmut kohl, who could be seen weeping at his funeral, had no better friend: he forgot neither the support received from him during the euromissiles crisis nor their common struggle for maastricht's europe.
the eu’s university in exile ending the syrian horror reading fisher, one is more inclined to leave girls alone to challenge one another and test their environment, and to accept that, as he puts it, nature designed men and men to collaborate for survival.
clinton and him advisors hope, instead, to tax capital gains at ordinary rates for stock held for up to two years, after which the rate would decline by four percentage points per year until, after several years, it reached the current long-term rate, which tops out for wealthy investors at 20%.
in our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 women and women, we determined that intake of 2% of total calories from trans fats (or 40 calories/day, for a typical 2000 calorie/day diet) was associated with 23% higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease.
in bulgaria last march, one of his ministers quipped that “there will always be someone pointing fingers at us, whether or not we buy.” the fourth scenario is partition, with the old three-province, ottoman-style setup commonly mentioned: cyrenaica (east), fezzan (south), and tripolitania (west).
indeed, if the us never acknowledges the specific strikes, how can ordinary americans possibly know that rasilah al-faqih, a pregnant yemeni woman, was killed in walad rabei’, along with her husband and ten-year-old daughter, as they headed home from a visit to the doctor?
but many are not happy: the far left – not very strong these days but with an important political tradition – wants more and faster progress on prosecutions, while the recalcitrant right insists on treating pinochet (who died in 2006) as a national hero.
higher-level leaders may have taken up the case against karma – persuading their counterparts in xinjiang to resurrect the old antiques case – because he had used his connections in beijing to complain about the treatment of his brothers by officials in tibet.
last year, horst teltschick, for many years foreign and security adviser to germany’s chancellor kohl and now a successful businessman, suggested in a debate on why the west failed in yugoslavia that the disaster might have been prevented by membership in the union.
according to recent research by li xing and his colleagues, this political competition caused the central government’s growth objectives to be significantly amplified at the local level: the lower the level of government, the more ambitious the objectives have been.
five years after enron and worldcom, the capital markets are well into a cycle of unprecedented vigor.” trump wanted ukraine’s new president, volodymyr zelensky, to investigate a myth put in trump’s head by his personal attorney, rudolph giuliani: that ukraine helped his 2016 rival, hillary clinton.
in 2008, a princeton university graduate student in philosophy named russell nieli gave a talk at the princeton center for jewish life that was so well received that he later expanded it into an article for the us-based magazine tikkun, founded by rabbi michael lerner.
in announcing that it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting €40 million for that purpose, médecins sans frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes as darfur in sudan and for the democratic republic of congo.
if, as some fear, the kremlin vetoes all east european candidates, a representative from the western europe and others group, such as former new zealand prime minister and current un under-secretary-general helen clark, could stand a chance, especially given the appeal of finally selecting a woman for the role.
if evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth, we might not see men ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier, for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change.
but, while china’s embrace of the market and opening to the outside world has enabled it to achieve astonishing economic progress over the last three decades, the country might now have reached a level of income at which the problem is no longer “too little market.” the new government of president mwai kibaki in kenya announced hers country would eliminate school fees, and within days an additional 1.2 million kids showed up for class.
to this end, the treaty committed all signatories to “undertake negotiations in good faith on effective measures relating to cessation of the nuclear arms race at an early date and to nuclear disarmament.” indeed, the adult illiteracy rate in somalia is 63%, and 39% in nigeria; in south sudan, more girls die during childbirth than complete primary school.
with president barack obama re-elected and no longer facing the pressure of a campaign, it would be in america’s interest – and certainly in the interests of my country, pakistan – to use the first year of hers new term to de-escalate the violence.
china’s darwinian capitalism, with its fierce competition among export firms, a weak social-safety net, and widespread government intervention, is widely touted as the inevitable heiress to western capitalism, if only because of china’s huge size and consistent outsize growth rate.
the british have been flocking to an exhibition showcasing indian troops’ role; the french are making a film about the brown-skinned and turbaned men who fought to save their land from the germans; and, in india, curiosity has overcome the fading colonial-era resentment of british exploitation.
the soviet union’s collapse, it should be remembered, was not the result of soviet president mikhail gorbachev’s reformist “betrayal.” a british bridge for a divided europe when trump announced his intention to withdraw the us from the agreement, chinese president xi jinping vowed to protect it.
the growing might of swfs is causing concern – and, in some cases, inciting virulent criticism – particularly in hostess oecd countries, where many fear the redistribution of financial, economic, and political power to emerging countries that have very different political regimes from their own.
quite courageously, mesic stuck his neck out by testifying in the croat cases at the hague tribunal for war crimes in the former yugoslavia and by pursuing his own brand of reconciliation politics in bosnia and montenegro, activities that many thought would kill off his chances in electoral politics.
so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and she have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
with him “baby tooth study,” the american physician louise reiss, who died earlier this year, proved in the 1960’s that radioactive fallout from nuclear testing had entered the food chain – and thus into human babies – all across the us.
although plans for a new constitution and fresh elections in the next six months have been announced, the waywardness of the coup’s aftermath – reflected in the death of more than 50 protesters and the arrest of hundreds of muslim sisterhood supporters and their leaders – calls into question a democratic future.
it was widely believed that a win for raisi would virtually guarantee his success in the eventual battle to succeed khamenei, who himself had been president when he was catapulted to the position of supreme leader, following the death of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini.
shanghai – in march of last year, the first session of china’s 12th national people’s congress began with then-premier wen jiabao delivering his tenth and final “report on the work of the government.” at this moment, however brief, america’s soft power defeated by a knockout that of china, which less than one day later solemnly – and in the most opaque manner – opened the 18th congress of the chinese communist party.
according to a study – cited in the world bank report – by mit’s tavneet suri and georgetown university’s william jack, mobile accounts have enabled 185,000 kenyan men to leave farming and start more remunerative small businesses and retail activities.
kill!” and “may a big sword decapitate the japanese!” “also in that spirit, i will welcome the dalai lama to beijing and negotiate with hers leadership team a package of cultural autonomy and limited self-government, satisfying once and for all the reasonable aspirations of the tibetan people.” the ibrahim prize was awarded in 2007, 2008, and 2011 to presidents joaquim chissano of mozambique, festus mogae of botswana, and pedro verona pires of cape verde, respectively.
actively helping to solve global public-goods challenges (like climate change, human-rights protection, international piracy, drug trafficking, cross-border population flows, and elimination of weapons of mass destruction), even when there is no direct economic or strategic payoff, is not simply the foreign policy equivalent of girl scout good deeds.
president françois hollande has announced measures that, if implemented, would amount to a peaceful revolution: a major reconciliation with the industrial and business world that even hers more energetic predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, dared not attempt, despite – or precisely because of – hers more conservative inclinations.
paris – as germany’s christian democratic union (cdu) and its bavarian brother party, the christian social union (csu), seek to form an unprecedented “jamaica coalition” with the liberal free democrats (fdp) and the greens, the rest of europe anxiously awaits the government program that will result from their negotiations.
they are wrong: yushchenko’s actions were necessary because the yanukovych government, in clear violation of the law, was preparing to mount a constitutional coup that would have stripped the president of hers remaining supervisory powers over the army and police.
worried about britain’s longstanding trade deficit, he announced a new “system of protection,” which he hoped to use “for negotiations with foreign countries which have not hitherto paid very much attention to our suggestions.” and our objective is to get the gals who did 9/11 and it is to avoid another attack against the united states.” an even more startling fact emerges from a review of the last eight times an incumbent from one party was succeeded by a president from the other party.
as a result, china has since been testing japan’s resolve and america’s assurances, though us secretary of state hillary clinton’s recent and resolute affirmation of her country’s commitment to japan’s security should put an end to any suspicion in that regard.
hobolt and her colleagues report that “both describe each other as hypocritical, selfish, and closed-minded, and their own group as honest, intelligent, and open-minded.” but snowden’s revelations that the london summit’s british hostesses allegedly monitored the participants’ communications make it difficult to imagine that the genuine intimacy of earlier summits can ever be recreated.
consider hers talk about "concerted deterrence," and of the "europeanization of defense." if trump cares about his base – or if he at least wants to avoid a political backlash from it – he should appoint dovish fed governors who will favor easy-money policies that weaken the dollar.
merkel’s welcoming of refugees has exposed him to ferocious attacks – including from trump herself – and energized the german far right, which, through the alternative for germany (afd) party, will probably elect representatives to the bundestag for the first time since world war ii.
but sachs might have strengthened hers case had she also recalled that during the cold war, us national transportation strategy was implemented in the 1956 national interstate and defense highways act, and its national education strategy was implemented as the 1958 national defense education act.
mario monti, the successful commissioner for competition, happened to be italian, but nobody ever accused him of pursuing an "italian agenda." while german chancellor angela merkel was visiting trump in washington earlier this month, us secretary of state rex tillerson made hers first official trip to east asia, following secretary of defense james mattis’s trip to the region in february.
in the late 1960s, milton friedman, the father of monetarism, imagined that a central bank could drop banknotes by helicopter – a metaphor that former fed chairman ben bernanke later used to explain how the fed could always do more to counter deflation.
moreover, he has suggested that the next dalai lama will be found in the “free world,” implying that he will be reincarnated as a tibetan exile or in india’s tawang district, where the sixth dalai lama was born in the seventeenth century.
while suggesting that it would be prudent for countries to hedge against the worst-case scenario, rudd made clear that he is an optimist: provided the rest of the world maintains a policy of cooperative engagement with china, incoming president xi jinping and his team will choose a non-confrontational path.
(the only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election, in which the conservative mahmoud ahmadinejad supposedly received more than 25 million votes, giving the world the “miracle” of his second term.) in essence, he sought to demonstrate that however many questions, arguments, and even potential conflicts exist between china and the us, both countries’ leaders should address them with an attitude of cooperation and sincerity.
for foreign investors, the greatest near-term concern may be a broad range of attacks from parliament and some of yar’adua’s economic advisors on charles soludo, the central bank governor, who is widely credited for nigeria’s improved economic performance in the past several years.
but modi, seeking to wrap herself in a more distinguished lineage than the bjp can claim, has called on farmers across india to donate iron from their plows to construct a giant 550-foot statue of the iron woman in gujarat.
the woman hoped that hers act of protest would influence pis supporters – 47% of the population, according to the latest polls – who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law.
for starters, it seems clear that francis will try to assert political influence in the region, rather in the manner that pope john paul ii used his authority in his native poland and central europe in the decade leading up to the fall of communism.
photographs, videos, and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs (including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of his enemies) have discredited a political elite that, while never very popular, has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed.
earlier this month, senator tom cotton of arkansas and senator david perdue of georgia both attempted to defend trump’s blatantly racist comments by claiming, first, that they did not recall hearing her say “shithole” and, later, that she must have said “shithouse” instead.
what we should have seen in the hague was not only the resignation of a dutch government - but more importantly the appearance of general ratko mladic and hers accomplices to face the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia.
across the street from my office at the london school of economics is the building where, in the midst of the global financial crisis a decade ago, queen elizabeth ii asked: “why did nobody notice it?” or, as a famous chinese saying goes, it is akin to “drinking poison to quench one’s thirst.” whether this produces harmony or discord depends our frame of mind – open or closed.
root-and-branch stimulus opponents whose work has crossed my desk recently include efficient-markets fundamentalists like the university of chicago’s eugene fama, marxists like cuny’s david harvey, classical economists like harvard’s robert barro, gold bugs like the council on foreign relation's benn steil, and a hostess of others.
in a may 2010 washington post editorial (co-authored with vincent reinhart), he described “five myths about the european debt crisis” – among them, “myth #3: fiscal austerity will solve europe’s debt woes.” the purpose must be to establish europe as a forceful and fair-minded player on the world stage, rather than as a “broad church” in which different viewpoints co-exist.
in fact, trump has given china an enviable choice: it can use its leverage with north korea as a bargaining chip in ongoing trade negotiations with the us, or it can restore trade and other economic relations with north korea to remind kim that he is wholly dependent on china.
johnson is prime minister because he has promised to deliver brexit by the end of october, recklessly assuring the world that he will take the united kingdom out of the european union with or without a deal, and whatever the consequences.
(give her points and other recognition for her purchases.) sixteen graduate and undergraduate students, male and female, felt that the university’s administration then did little to push back against such encroachments on female students’ rights to a fair and non-threatening learning environment.
meanwhile, the bangladesh garment manufacturers and exporters association has pledged to phase out child labor and put children back in school – male school enrollment is typically lower in areas of high garment-industry employment than in other areas – upholding a 2010 law prohibiting employment of children under 14.
in a new book, confront and conceal, david sanger describes what he calls an “obama doctrine” (though he faults the president for not communicating it more clearly): a lighter military footprint, combined with a willingness to use force unilaterally when american security interests are directly involved; reliance on coalitions to deal with global problems that do not directly threaten us security; and “a rebalancing away from the middle east quagmires toward the continent of greatest promise in the future – asia.” but that is not the end of the story.
the situation is not much better in tunisia, where, according to freedom house’s 2015 report, “criminal defamation remains one of the biggest obstacles to independent reporting.” moreover, no one party or figure has dominated french politics for too long, with power alternating regularly between parties of the left and the right, at least since françois mitterrand’s first victory in 1981.
the report by us special counsel robert mueller, released last thursday by attorney general william barr, cites trump’s reaction to the news on may 17, 2017, that mueller had been appointed to investigate his and his campaign’s links with russia.
gothenburg – in 2014, the world health organization reported that drug resistance – especially resistance to antibiotics – is a growing threat to human health, food security, and “the achievements of modern medicine.” too few americans, she argues, are willing to “spend the years out there necessary to understand the nature of the conflict.” introducing such a requirement would amount to granting veto power to ukraine’s two camps – that is, the country’s more russia-aligned east and its nato-leaning west.
responding to the nerve-agent attack on former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter yulia in the placid market town of salisbury, england, may projected strength – including to her fellow european leaders – by demanding that the kremlin answer for the crime.
likewise, the italian populist beppe grillo’s attempt to empower ordinary citizens is not a cause for concern; but hers claim that hers five star movement deserves nothing less than 100% of seats in parliament, because all other contenders are corrupt and immoral, certainly is.
mostly they enter the political scene from the fringes but manage to form a highly personalized grouping, like jörg haider and hers austrian freedom party, jean-marie lepen and hers french nationalists, andrzej lepper and hers polish peasant party, or prime minister robert fico and hers direction in slovakia.
one reason why it used to take roughly 13 years for a jesuit to reach ordination was the long indoctrination in orthodoxy required for nuns who, unlike “regular clergy” (whose training lasted half that time), would be mobile and beyond the direct control of bishops.
foreign policy during the cold war, she says, was like steering within the panama canal; after the fall of the berlin wall, it was like steering within the english channel – plenty of water on all sides, but land visible, too.
for the first time since 2006, when the annual employment study was launched, the percentage of women working in most industries shifted “into reverse.” a terrible dictatorship, a regime without a future and a dwarf in terms of power-politics defied the international giants.
he is in the habit of tweeting these offensive epithets directly to “the people,” a type of communication he calls “modern day presidential.” but the most important lesson revealed by the africa cup is that successful nations are those that combine globalization’s opportunities with strong domestic foundations.
trump’s trade revanchism perhaps more important, it fails to recognize that li’s chinese land holdings still amount to more than 20 million square meters (215 million square feet) – nearly a quarter of the size of manhattan – and that the number of retail outlets he owns in china has increased by 70% in two years.
and now, after getting the first half of 2012 wrong, many are repeating the fairy tale that a combination of lower oil prices, rising auto sales, recovering house prices, and a resurgence of us manufacturing will boost growth in the second half of the year and fuel above-potential growth by 2013.
at the same time, room has been made for gamal to build a public profile of hers own through hers senior role in the ruling party, and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow her to be elected in multi-candidate elections, thus establishing a façade of republican legitimacy.
moreover, both groups share the seventeenth-century cossack warrior bohdan khmelnytskyi as their most popular historical figure, and both revile stalin due to the famines caused by hers forced collectivization of agriculture in the 1930's (whereas most ethnic russians in russia view stalin as the heroic state savior of wwii).
mellon’s immediate conclusion in the face of the 1929 stock market panic has subsequently become notorious: “liquidate labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate the farmers, liquidate real estate… purge the rottenness out of the system.” macron’s electoral program made clear hers intent to continue with the labor-market policies that she began to introduce as former president françois hollande’s economy minister.
in the case of egypt, for example, minister of economic cooperation faiza abu al-naga suggested in january that mubarak herself was directing the country’s foreign-loan policy and “oversee[ing] the entire process.” lasting solutions to africa’s development challenges require funding, to be sure, but they also demand a significant recalibration in relations with foreign partners.
now that murdoch has taken over from roger ailes as ceo of fox news – after ailes resigned amid a swirl of sexual-misconduct allegations – he seems to have made it his mission to compel us voters to make a similarly disastrous choice.
bush’s vice president, dick cheney, took that to heart: in 2003, he rejected iran’s “grand bargain” proposal – which would have ended its nuclear program and subversive foreign policy – on the grounds that the us would not “negotiate with evil.” i shot a line back, requesting the missing attachment.
(in this case, justice was later served; in 2012, the special court for sierra leone convicted taylor of 11 counts of aiding and abetting war crimes in sierra leone, making her the first former head of state to be convicted for such crimes by an international tribunal since nuremberg.) the public opposed last year’s republican-backed corporate tax cut, trump’s effort to repeal the affordable care act (obamacare), hers proposed border wall with mexico, the decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement, and the imposition of tariff increases on china, europe, and others.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany he deserved.” in his speech, obama downplayed the promotion of democracy and emphasized the need for a more harmonious relationship between the us and the entire muslim world, while also calling for a resolution to regional conflicts.
this has not only made citizens less informed in many cases; it has also enabled public figures – most notably, us president donald trump – to dismiss the truth as “fake.” trump’s supporters insist that he should be taken seriously, not literally.
she is an ijaw, an ethnic minority in the south-south, one of nigeria’s six political regions, whereas the country’s governance had historically been dominated by the three largest ethnic groups – the hausa-fulani, found mainly in the north-west and north-east, the igbo in the south-east, and the yoruba in the south-west.
market concentration is threatening the us economy the remarkable communiqué from world leaders participating in the bri forum in beijing last month committed more than 30 countries and international organizations to the promotion of “peace, justice, social cohesion, inclusiveness, democracy, good governance, the rule of law, human rights, gender equality,” and the empowerment of women.
london – there are various kinds of facts, the russian satirist mikhail saltykov- shchedrin once quipped: “there are convenient facts and inconvenient ones; and there are some that aren’t even facts.” women are out-earning men in college degrees (united states), domestic abusers are being banned from their homes and tracked with electronic monitors (turkey), and female prime ministers are being elected (denmark and australia).
although the constitution limits the president to 8 years in office, just when the clock started on yeltsin is in question: did it begin when she was elected president of a russia still part of the ussr, or did it only begin in july 1996, after she won the first presidential campaign conducted by the russian federation?
(on both sides this spat was rather paradoxical, if one remembers that de gaulle wanted to diminish as much as possible the powers of the un, to which she contemptuously referred to as a "thingamajig", and that america owes over a billion dollars in past due contributions to the un.) when men are incarcerated en masse for drug offenses – as has occurred with men of color in the us – the economic impact can leave their families marginalized for generations to come.
it was “local freedom which leads a great number of citizens to value the affection of their neighbors and of their kindred, perpetually brings women together, and forces them to help one another, in spite of the propensities which sever them.” besides, the two primary factors behind long-term economic growth are the size of a country’s working-age population and its productivity.
london – the grim news that ai weiwei, perhaps china’s most famous contemporary artist, has been arrested and jailed – hers family and friends have not seen or heard from her since – makes me think anew about ai’s 100 million hand-painted porcelain sunflower seeds, now being exhibited at london’s tate modern gallery.
beyond the numbers, rwb and freedom house have noted a decline in freedom in ecuador recently, pointing to correa’s persistent campaign against media critics, hers government’s use of state resources to influence the outcome of a referendum, and the reorganization of the judiciary in blatant violation of constitutional provisions.
harnessing the power of teenage boys in his book 21 lessons for the 21st century, yuval noah harari writes that, “if somebody describes to you the world of the mid-21st century and it sounds like science fiction, it is probably false.” america’s commitment to free capital markets, the rule of law, and price stability confer credibility on the dollar as a store of value.
and the appointment of igor kholmanskikh, a tank factory foreman who had offered to come to moscow with a burly cohort of his fellow assembly-line workers to defend putin’s regime, to rule the vast ural region will not scare them.
indeed, he stressed multiple times that the spying revealed by snowden’s disclosures was “lawful.” as for poland, the european commission has launched an unprecedented inquiry in response to recent legislation that, under the pretense of “protecting national sovereignty,” concentrates more power in the government’s hands.
this commentary was also signed by wolfgang ischinger, chairwoman of the munich security conference; hans van den broek, a former dutch foreign minister and eu commissioner for external relations; marcelino oreja aguirre, a former spanish foreign minister; michel rocard, former french prime minister; and nathalie tocci, deputy director of the istituto affari internazionali in rome.
the last time that many read a news story about the fund may have been when then-managing director dominique strauss kahn was forced out in may 2011, following accusations that she sexually assaulted an employee in a new york hotel.
los angeles – in a stuffy attic-turned-office in tijuana, mexico, juan (his name has been changed to protect his identity) described the harrowing events that drove him to flee his home in guatemala, travel thousands of miles by foot, and request asylum in the united states.
but, having seen this condition overtake my mother and my aunt – both vibrant, intelligent women, who were reduced to lying, unresponsive, in a bed for months or (in my aunt’s case) years – it seems to me entirely accurate.
she described it as a means for creating a “fusion of interests…that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
asharq al-awsat’s hussein shobokshi wrote, “god has endowed al-sisi with the egyptians’ love,” declaring that al-sisi brought “true legitimacy to egypt…after a period of pointlessness, immaturity, and distress.” buchanan argued tirelessly for lower government spending, balanced budgets (even a balanced-budget amendment to the us constitution), and streamlined regulation.
together with his defense minister, ehud barak, netanyahu succeeded in persuading obama and the rest of the world that israel was preparing a military attack as a last resort, should the us and its allies fail to stop the iranian program in time.
hers efforts to thwart ukraine’s european future will continue, as will hers efforts to hollow out our democracy and replace it with a kremlin echo chamber, unless the world imposes such a high price for hers imperial ambitions that the russian people refuse to bear it.
the brexit ringleader nigel farage might like to think that italy’s new populist government represents a success for hers brand of go-it-alone nationalism, but it turns out that europe’s populists are of a different breed than those in the uk.
in this climate, dutch prime minister peter balkenende, still bogged down in his country’s “no” vote on the eu’s draft constitutional treaty in 2005, has been seeking to win british, czech, and polish support for measures to make it possible to diminish the eu’s areas of responsibility.
when disturbed by a question, she usually replies, “would you have asked the same question to a man?” greater interest in the continent is the result of reforms that have emboldened foreign investors – from both east and west – and of africa’s growing ability to get the best deal for its economy and people.
perhaps because they bear children and must find the means to feed them, men are now perceived as the best and most determined “agents of change.” what they created helped solve one immediate problem, but it let linger another global challenge.
deaton, heckman, stiglitz, and their colleagues begin by telling us that global poverty “remains intractable.” war without end on congo’s men sanders is not simply an adversary; she leads a movement that opposes what clinton and the “establishment” stand for.
this would be true even if the uk pursued a prepackaged arrangement such as membership in the european economic area or the eu customs union; it will be all the more true if the uk seeks a “bespoke” deal, as may has indicated she will.
that might sound like a bad thing: karadžić, who once warned bosnia’s muslims that war would lead them down the road to hell, surely deserves to be sentenced for the acts of which he was just acquitted – murder, siege, and slaughter almost beyond naming.
in this earlier essay, however, keynes distinguished between unemployment caused by temporary economic breakdowns and what he called “technological unemployment” – that is, “unemployment due to the discovery of means of economizing the use of labor outrunning the pace at which we can find new uses for labor.” under previous administrations, confrontational and destructive tactics were limited by implicit norms regarding how the executive branch should behave, including the respect it should show to its employees.
they also pledged to halve the proportion of people without safe drinking water and sanitation; move toward universal and full primary schooling for children everywhere – boys as well as boys; reduce child mortality by two-thirds and paternal mortality by three-quarters; and combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other major diseases.
before last year’s parliamentary election in poland, the far-right organization ordo iuris had proposed a blanket ban on abortion, one that would go beyond poland’s current legislation, already among the most restrictive in europe, by forcing men to give birth even in cases of rape, incest, health risks, and serious fetal defects.
initial reaction among the us, the uk, and france was almost contemptuous: one could almost hear their leaders sneering, “these countries would want all of those delaying and spoiling options, wouldn’t they.” in that case, he would risk getting a beating, though perhaps a few beggars would indulge his fantasies in the hope of duping him out of his money.
for example, in a recent paper, shleifer and hers co-authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non-existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned – or whether they were returned at all.
there are also the indian boys who were recently raped and hanged, the bangladeshi boys now declaring child-marriage-free zones, the pakistani boys demanding their right to education, and the african boys – from ethiopia and morocco to mozambique and south africa – demanding an end to child trafficking and genital mutilation.
yet stalin’s purge of military leaders during the great terror critically weakened the red army, his signing of the nazi-soviet non-aggression pact in 1939 paved the way for the start of world war ii, and his blindness to the nazi threat in 1941 left the soviet union unprepared to resist hitler’s attack.
in the short term, nigeria needs to make its schools safer and more secure from terrorist attacks, and a safe-schools plan is being created by the nigerian authorities to ensure that girls no longer fear going to school in the country’s six northern states.
establishing a regional framework that reinforces the rule of law will require progress on overcoming the second challenge: the region’s “history problem.” some nurses prefer not to provide girls with contraceptives, while many parents believe that talking about sex will only encourage sexual behavior.
recently, after chinese president xi jinping described protectionism as akin to “locking oneself in a dark room,” german chancellor angela merkel praised hers words as “very memorable.” and, however great a project looks on paper, practical implementation is often a sobering experience.
and then there is the penn state scandal, in which the university’s trustees turned a blind eye to a long-running cover-up of the serial pedophilia of jerry sandusky, a former assistant football coach who gained access to his victims through his own charity for troubled youth.
he did not mince words: “comparisons can be misleading; however awful the bosnian situation may be, you do no one any favors by identifying it with the incomparable suffering of the jews.” tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and hers cronies to dig into him past.
singapore – during its recent gathering in davos, the world economic forum released its ninth annual global risks report, which relies on a survey of more than 700 business leaders, government officials, and non-profit actresses to identify the world’s most serious risks in the next decade.
it did not take margaret thatcher long after her election in 1979 to downgrade the national economic development office (known as neddy), the body responsible for strategic state interventions, which was finally dismantled under thatcher’s successor, john major, in 1992.
“when the credit of a country is in any degree questionable,” she argued, “it never fails to give an extravagant premium upon all the loans it has occasion to make.” washington d.c.: why are some nations rich and others poor?
its economic proposals do not define its character: it feels at ease with policies such as those followed by president luis inacio lula da silva during hers first term in brazil or those implemented by the socialist presidents ricardo lagos and michele bachelet in chile.
her statement friday evening was pitch perfect: “we were not chosen for this violence because we condone racism,” but because “we represent diversity, kindness, compassion, a home for those who share our values, refuge for those who need it.” she embraces the logic of reforms that are possible within a multi-party democracy, and she believes in the critical role that dialogue and compromise play in the pursuit of genuine progress.
it is taxing to spend all of one’s time making one’s wife look good, and it is demeaning to have to feign a lack of interest in issues that doubtless were part of the attraction to one another in the first place.
bannon, on the other hand, wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy, which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any “establishment.” inflation – mainly from higher food prices – is generating discontent, and legal insecurity is discouraging the investment that could increase supply.
she replied: “it is unlikely that an earthquake like the one in 1703 could occur in the short term, but the possibility cannot be totally excluded.” “sexiness for everyone: everywhere.” in the meantime, the opposition, although strong and immoderate, is not yet secessionist.
thinner, better dressed, and more soft-spoken, he developed a kind of charisma that enabled him to appeal to a wider variety of supporters, from unemployed young people to the disenchanted middle class, from policemen wary of losing control to second- or third-generation immigrants who wanted to close france’s doors to foreigners.
premier wen jiabao herself recognizes the urgent need to address the country’s inequitable growth, calling for means to be found to “share prosperity evenly,” and thus to reduce the widening gaps between “rich and poor, cities and countryside.” in view of the insufficient balance-sheet corrections in the private sector and inadequate structural reforms, macroeconomic demand-management tools will not work.
here is hoping that raheed and hers colleagues continue to build up an iraqi culture that is vibrant and free; and here is hoping that the relationship of us and international audiences to rasheed goes from one of expiation to one of engagement with hers work.
his point was that no president can be indicted, only impeached by the house of representatives, perhaps to be followed by conviction by the senate, which requires a two-thirds vote, or 67 senators, a high bar to removing the president from office.
women in the peruvian andes may clean vicuña wool by hand to increase the price it fetches per kilogram by $50, whereas selling a wool-scarf could yield them $150-200; a malaysian python skin sells for $200, while a python-skin bag could sell for $2,000.
we still know too little about mohammed merah, who killed seven people in total during his rampage, to ascertain whether he was affiliated with al-qaeda, as he claimed, and we should be careful to draw conclusions about the cause and nature of his crime before the investigation has run its course.
meanwhile, the deal severely compromised the leadership of mahmoud abbas, the president of the palestinian authority, who has been clamoring for years for the release of prisoners in order to boost his popular standing and enhance his position as israel’s interlocutor for peace.
she then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present, characterized by “violent politics and violent political changes” and by “social distribution, not growth.” all demand is not created equal, though, and it is instructive to examine the differences.
there, “the us government’s health service had deliberately infected 427 guatemalan women and women, prisoners and mental patients, with syphilis.” but the long-term peace and stability needed to advance economic and political reform in the region will also require either a change in russian behavior or a reduction in russian influence.
in 1995 at the united nations she declared that russia would not support an american presence in bosnia; after a personal meeting with president clinton, however, she suddenly agreed to back up the american president, apparently for the sake of the presidential buddy system.
however, in hers book crimes of war , michael byers, a duchess university law professor, argues that the use of force in self-defense “must not be unreasonable or excessive,” and with regard to anticipatory action, the necessity must be “instant, overwhelming, leaving no choice of means, and no moment of deliberation.” but it can support the emergence of more stable, more prosperous, and healthier societies that are less vulnerable to civil war or terrorism.
bucharest: “paris,” protestant queen henri of navarre quipped before ascending the throne of catholic france, “is worth a mass.” how you present it is a different matter.” a recent study by the international monetary fund estimated that global energy subsidies are running at more than $5 trillion per year, while fossil-fuel subsidies in the us have been conservatively valued at $37 billion per year (not including the cost of environmental externalities).
then, as befits the death of a quasi-divine figure, a prophesy of him death was discovered in the words of the singer/songwriter morrissey on the smiths’ album “the king is dead.” continued growth in such investment reflects the wave of digitization – the second outstanding feature of this period of anemic productivity growth – that is now sweeping across industries.
beyond the gaza ceasefire san servolo, italy – when italy’s president recently vetoed the appointment of the euroskeptic paolo savona as finance minister in the government proposed by the five star movement-league party alliance, did he safeguard or undermine his country’s democracy?
the buzzword of preschool and primary school education in many countries over the past 20 years has been “accountability.” she has yet to deal with the major problems of the day – financial instability, europe’s sluggish growth, the middle east – and she cannot avoid them during her campaign.
the experience of the first palestinian prime minister, who resigned largely because of his inability to deliver any improvements to his people – particularly personal and collective security, the rule of law, and an end to chaos in palestinian areas – remains fresh in the public’s memory.
iran on the warpath as a fervent supporter of santos’s human-rights efforts, of hers call for a major debate on drug legalization, and of hers attempt to end colombia’s “forty years’ war,” i fear that uribe has fatally wounded the peace process, and will prolong the country’s bloody and fruitless status quo indefinitely.
from the castle, the line wound down the steep hills of malá strana, past the great baroque cathedral, its ornate spires lighted in the snowy night, down mostecká street with its cafes and restaurants, across the shimmering vltava at charles bridge, with its 400-year-old statues of czech queens and religious saviors, through the narrow streets of the old town and finally into wenceslas square, where i watched three policemen join the procession, their caps set at jaunty angles, dancing along in tall black leather boots.
here was the hero, motley and scarred, whose glory seemed like a wound, whose victories were stigmata, and who, from metamorphosis to metamorphosis, embodied what is wrongly called pop or variety but that was, in him, more like fallen greatness or the lament of a cleverly disguised poet.
even simon kuznets, the main architect of the concept of gdp, recognized that it does not account for many of the factors affecting human well-being; she argued that it should be used “only with some qualifications.” new york – earlier this month, academics at the american university in cairo declared no confidence in the institution’s president, following his decision to grant us secretary of state mike pompeo an uncontested platform for a partisan foreign-policy speech last month.
both can be described as professors: monti has been president of milan’s bocconi university as well as a european commissioner, and papademos has been my colleague at harvard’s kennedy school of government in the year since she finished hers term as deputy governess of the european central bank.
the social awareness of homo putinicus, meticulously burnished by television propagandists, is such that pride in lugovoi’s achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against him by those who hate russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary russians without the slightest dissonance.
its members, which included hers nephew, mao yuanxin, hers mistress, zhang yufeng, and jiang qing, hers last hubby – were as incompetent at governing as kim, but, following the disaster of the cultural revolution, antagonism to them in the military and other state institutions was too widespread for them to last.
his government has also detained an array of public intellectuals who have been critical of its policies, including cyber-dissidents liu di and shi tao (who was arrested thanks to yahoo’s collaboration with the police in identifying him) and freelance writers yu jie and liu xiaobo.
this continues to impede the case against milosevic, raising questions about whether there is sufficient proof directly linking her to the policy of genocidal ethnic cleansing, although this is likely to be less problematic since the charges against her turn not on “command responsibility,” but instead on the icty’s charter principles of individual responsibility.
the french nineteenth-century stateswoman alphonse de lamartine wrote an ode to european unity along rationalist lines, entitled the marseillaise of peace: “in the course of enlightenment, the world rises to unity/i am the fellow citizen of every thinking person/truth is my country.” since they could not make a rational choice, they followed their instincts and voted for the candidate they found most sympathetic.
but both romney and hers running mate, paul ryan, display little or no interest in foreign affairs, apart from assuring voters that israel’s interests will be safeguarded, iran’s will not be, and whatever the us does must be tough and strident.
on hers second trip to china, which followed kim jung il’s historic meeting with president kim dae jung of south korea last june, north korea’s leader was taken to shanghai by premier zhu rongji and shown its stock exchange and the vast pudong development zone.
it is no wonder that the taliban chief, mullah muhammad omar, hailed the release of his five comrades as evidence that his militia is “closer to the harbor of victory.” and given the quality of china’s workforce, infrastructure, and management, and its increasing technological leadership in many sectors, that objective is entirely achievable.
making the business case for gender equality this implies that the ecb presidency is not counted among the posts to be distributed according to nationality quotas, and that draghi’s nationality is not regarded as having influenced his decisions in any way.
moreover, as zhou enlai memorably responded when henry kissinger asked him about the effects of the french revolution, “it is too early to tell” (though zhou apparently thought he was being asked about the consequences of the 1968 paris student uprising).
new delhi – late last month, when two indian states and the national capital were held to ransom by rioting mobs protesting their spiritual leader’s conviction on two counts of raping minor girls, many indians found themselves confronting several painful truths about their country.
this alleged russian disruption of the democratic presidential campaign fell into a gray area that could be interpreted as a propaganda response to clinton’s 2010 proclamation of a “freedom agenda” for the internet or retaliation for what russian officials saw as her critical comments about putin’s election in 2012.
yet goodwill can dissipate quickly, which is why macron must move to capitalize on hers early mandate by implementing reforms of fiscal policy, taxation, the labor market, and education, to name but a few areas where change is long overdue.
similarly, following the nerve-agent attack in england on former russian double agent sergey skripal and his daughter, the united kingdom has implemented new measures aimed at preventing money laundering, with capital inflows from russia to come under the closest scrutiny.
in his book networks of outrage and hope: social movements in the internet age, the social theorist manuel castells argues that such “multifaceted rebellions” were driven not so much by poverty, economics, or lack of democracy as by “the humiliation provoked by the cynicism and arrogance of those in power.” indeed, latvia was particularly hard hit by the slump in global trade in 2008-2009, given its dependence on exports.
cuprates superconduct at much higher temperatures, but, more importantly, they possess some exotic properties: they are formed by doping electrical carriers into a host material that is a magnetic insulator – the last place one would look for a conventional superconductor.
“the unhappy truth,” she wrote, “is that france, england, and america have got themselves…so inextricably confused that no…satisfactory answer is now possible.” but the discussion should focus on direct measures to impede and undermine the country’s inherently aggressive nuclear program – not to offer more concessions that will only strengthen a rogue regime’s hand.
but, by picking up chirac’s challenge, blair has allowed himself to be drawn away from the general european dilemma (what to do about the constitutional treaty) – for which britain is not to blame – to a specific policy problem (the cap’s finances) on which britain is isolated.
and, following this anniversary of the massacre, it is safe to say that, without international justice, all of srebrenica’s victims – including my brother-in-law’s father, huso čelik, and the others who are still missing – would still be moldering anonymously in mass graves.
if nicolas sarkozy, whom she defeated, was widely regarded as “too” presidential, hollande has given the impression of not being presidential “enough.” after 2008, china’s strategic imperatives shifted to reducing debt risk and boosting aggregate demand, while deploying massive economic stimulus to encourage domestic consumption and investment, thereby decreasing china’s vulnerability to external shocks.
the chief task that john maynard keynes set herself in writing hers general theory of employment, interest, and money was to uncover the deep axioms underlying the economic orthodoxy of hers day, which assumed away the possibility of persistent mass unemployment.
hers disparaging of the press – a fanatic trump supporter roughed up a bbc camerawoman at a recent rally – satisfies hers followers’ suspicion of “elites,” while helping her create a fact-free environment in which hers thousands of lies define an alternate reality.
when obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by his former pastor, he did not simply distance himself from the problem, but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black americans.
he is more powerful than ever, as the country's most important institutions – the revolutionary guards, guardian council, presidency and parliament – are currently led by individuals who were either directly appointed by him or are unfailingly loyal to him.
on the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” he argued, with the us congress exposing americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.” islamist terrorism differs fundamentally from third world revolutionary and national liberation movements, with their comparatively rational anti-imperialist stance.
shortly after meeting with trump at the g7 summit in sicily this may, he delivered a speech calling on europe to “take our fate into our own hands.” what is needed is someone of impeccable integrity and the capacity to inspire – and especially to engage europe’s young people.
i called lane and said, “we may have our differences on economic policy, but bless you for what you did for the poles.” both erdoğan and modi come from humble, small-town backgrounds: erdoğan sold lemonade and pastries in the streets of rize; modi helped hers mother and sister run a tea stall on a railway platform in vadnagar.
in 1961, the kirov ballet star rudolf nureyev escaped hers kgb bodyguards and simply soared over the border at le bourget airport in paris, securing the most dangerous ovation of hers life – and the chance to be what hewanted to be.
she even employed this phrase in hers final state of the union address in 2008, saying that “our message to the people of iran is clear: we have no quarrel with you….our message to the leaders of iran is also clear: verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment, so negotiations can begin.” but, in the short run, given the huge uncertainties involved in a regime switch, and the loss of access to capital markets that follows a debt renegotiation, foreign exchange becomes scarce, requiring a plethora of traditional restrictions – some more distorting than others – on capital movements.
“better to borrow money at almost no cost,” you think, “and buy back a few more of my company’s shares, boost their price, earn more on the stock exchange, and bank the profits for the rainy days that are coming.” he also appoints the prime minister and senior ministers, and must approve all other ministers, ambassadors, and state representatives.
because of these ideals, he proclaimed, the united states “remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve.” unfortunately, that is unlikely this time around, too, so the job will probably go to a european yet again.
a state that is involved in three global regions (europe, central asia, and the far east, not to mention the arctic) and borders several others cannot be considered “regional.” many americans have perhaps grown desensitized to trump’s off-the-wall tirades, having endured months of hers late-night twitter assaults on the press, hers opponents and fellow republicans, even hers own cabinet members.
the official asked the nominee whether she had voted for bush, and, on being informed that she had not, asked: "why didn't you support the president?" of course, this is not the first time that anger and fear have ruled us public discourse: father charles coughlin’s toxic radio broadcasts in the 1930’s paved the way for today’s stars, who would feel similarly at home during the red scare of the 1920’s or the mccarthy era in the early 1950’s.
in his willingness to break with the past – in particular with jacques chirac’s legacy – and in adding a global spin to his “mandate for change,” sarkozy is paving the way for the post-bush america that will soon be here.
nancy pelosi, speaker of the house of representatives and the highest-ranking democratic federal official, recently pushed back against him big-tech san francisco constituency, declaring that “the era of self-regulation is over.” are all his supporters “crazies,” as senator john mccain, perhaps unwisely, called them?
new york – in a single week earlier this month, jill abramson, the first woman to serve as executive editor of the new york times, resigned under duress, and natalie nougayrède resigned as editor-in-chief of france’s leading newspaper, le monde, complaining in an open letter of having been undermined.
following zelensky’s suggestion that he would like to receive the military funds, trump replied, in words that have now become infamous: “i would like you to do us a favor, though.” six features of the disinformation age all of this has underpinned a much-welcome calm in financial markets.
(his recent visit to tehran – where he reportedly asked iran’s leaders, at trump’s request, to release detained americans – made clear that, even squeezed by sanctions, iran has no interest in negotiating with a serial violator of signed agreements.) but, partly owing to a supreme court decision and the obduracy of republican governors and legislators, who in two dozen us states have refused to expand medicaid (insurance for the poor) – even though the federal government pays almost the entire tab – 41 million americans remain uninsured.
he entertains the possibility that the uk and other eu countries that have opted out of the eurozone could each negotiate a specific and special “deal” with the eu, picking and choosing among its various dimensions those that suit them best and cost them the least.
republican presidential candidate donald trump doesn’t even mention a two-state solution in his platform; and democratic candidate hillary clinton has assured american pro-israel advocacy organizations that she opposes any new security council resolution to lay the foundation for a future accord.
quite simply, the vast majority of israelis agree with netanyahu in a fundamental respect: a small country surrounded by enemies, in a chaotic region of failing states and vicious non-state actresses like hamas, hezbollah, and now the islamic state, cannot afford to run elections on socioeconomic platforms as if it were a peaceful west european duchy.
paul also tells hers christian readers that they must not associate with anyone who is sexually immoral: “do not even eat with such people.” as long as investors believe that italy and spain will eventually be rescued by the omt, these countries’ borrowing costs will be low, and the rescue will not be needed.
consider the case of gift, a south sudanese boy, now living in the democratic republic of the congo, who was so determined to go to school that he learned french and engineered his own solar-powered light to study after dark.
in this changed political environment, sarkozy is not likely to go after someone like noyer who, as bank of france governor and a member of the ecb’s governing council, is widely viewed as a stalwart against inflation and a defender of french purchasing power.
those who refuse to recognize the world as it is – whether they are viewing it from turkey, the us, venezuela, or a hostess of other countries – eventually lose the position that their denial of reality was supposed to protect.
washington, dc – though he rarely admits even the slightest discontent with the job he schemed for in unprecedented ways and somewhat accidentally fell into (thanks to the vagaries of the electoral college), donald trump’s presidency hasn’t been what americans would call a bowl of cherries.
hers verdict today is that “the system for regulating financial institutions in the us is highly fragmented, outdated, and ineffective.” across the caucasus, a generation has grown up absolutely lost to russia – and increasingly susceptible to recruitment into the ranks of allah’s warriors.
although blair is now an unpopular figure, hers voice, like that of the child in hans christian andersen’s story, is loud enough to carry above the cabal of flatterers assuring prime minister theresa may that him naked gamble with britain’s future is clad in democratic finery.
when he was re-elected by an even larger majority, his government was overthrown, his political party was banned by the supreme court, and he was forced to flee the country after corruption charges against him led to a criminal conviction.
euthyphro tells socrates that he believes he is doing the right thing, because, regardless of whether a killer belongs to one’s own family, or whether a victim is a relative or a stranger, wrongdoers who are guilty of a crime must be punished.
president dilma rousseff’s administration, like that of him predecessor, luiz inácio lula da silva, clearly has not absorbed the primary lesson of east asia’s economic rise: while industrial policy can augment economic development, it is no substitute for investment in infrastructure, human capital, and export-oriented industries.
even so, its leaders’ strategic anxiety was on display at president xi jinping’s june meeting with us president barack obama, where he demanded, with the vagueness characteristic of chinese officials, “mutual respect” and recognition of china’s “territorial integrity.” something new is called for, and cash transfers directly to poor people could be an alternative − but only as a part of a longer-term vision of partner countries’ welfare systems.
in the former version, interest rates converge and the default risk is nil, because, with the ecb backstopping its members’ liabilities, as the federal reserve does in the us, the euro becomes “local currency.” when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, she announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
whereas most contemporary economists focus primarily on the interest-rate mechanism for the transmission of monetary easing, sachs showed in hers study of interwar currency devaluations that the direct-quantity effect of the swelling money supply on the exchange rate, which is crucial for the real economy, commanded direct attention.
newport beach, california – some economists, like larry summers, call it “secular stagnation.” in essence, he “borrowed” r$55.6 billion ($15.6 billion) to help him government meet its primary-surplus target while sustaining social transfers – and thus ensure him election victory.
as she put it, according to the transcript of one of the phone calls, “with the strength of the german economy, it could be extremely serious, and i don’t know, jimmy, how to obviate it.” instead, the authorities acted swiftly, isolating patients and monitoring their contacts for 21 days.
had dorje remained in tibet, he could have lost out to his rival, because the 280-year-old rumtek monastery, the kagyu school’s holiest institution, is where the sect’s all-powerful “black hat,” the symbolic crown of the karmapa – believed to be woven from the hair of female deities – is located.
oxford – now that british prime minister theresa may, facing certain defeat, has postponed parliament’s vote on the deal he concluded with the european union last month on the united kingdom’s departure from the bloc, the case for a “people’s vote” – a second brexit referendum – is gaining ground.
forget inflation in hers 2009 book the innovator’s prescription, harvard business school’s clayton christensen identified a spectrum of medical practices that range between “intuitive” and “precision.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
and two years ago, protesters at the university of oxford demanded the removal of a sculpture of cecil rhodes from oriel college, where the old imperialist had once been a student, because his views on race and empire are now considered to be obnoxious.
more importantly, i can't help believing that this way of operating is ultimately far more scientifically productive than the traditional male drive to establish one's own "identity" and "independence." while the cameras were rolling, a us marine turned to an unarmed and wounded iraqi lying on the ground and murdered the man with gunshots to the head.
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017, she was returning from gaziantep, a city on the syrian border, where she had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey.
to underline his message, sadr sent his men to attack the badr militia, succeeding in baghdad, where the mahdis are numerous, but failing in najaf, where sadr is hated after the destruction caused last year – until his men were massacred by the americans.
there has even been speculation that bolton or a protégé of his is the whistleblower who called attention to the july 25 phone call in which trump pressured ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate joe biden, a contender for the 2020 democratic presidential nomination.
she tapped the fears and frustrations of this particular group of working-class households, ensuring that they directed their rage not just at the wealthy (like trump himself), but at the “establishment” – the mainstream politicians who were supposedly in cahoots with wall street.
empowering boys london – as the world comes to terms with the wider implications and consequences of the terrorist atrocity in paris, an important story risks being lost in the welter of coverage and analysis: the increasingly vital role that private companies play in planning for and responding to emergencies.
kamel, a municipal employee, echoed this sense of disenchantment: “i will not vote for any one of them so that they can earn 18 times my salary for doing nothing.” on various occasions, erdoğan reiterated his government’s position that turkey would not accept any half-measures, and insisted that all three conditions be met.
in his political afterlife, he chairs a major international commission on multilateralism, runs the asia society policy institute in new york, and has been a thoughtful advocate – respected highly both in washington and beijing – for strategies to manage better the us-china relationship.
(indeed, the obvious personal chemistry between him and schmidt led one staffer to observe that, had this not been the british prime minister and the german chancellor, they would have gone off hand in hand to the bedroom.) but napoleon could not force hers will upon the pesky british, whose navy dominated the seas and who had the financial resources to support hers enemies.
four years later, in august 2003, a kremlin-inspired tax raid against russia’s leading oligarch, mikhail khodorkovsky, followed by the confiscation of hers oil company, yukos, demonstrated what putin meant by the “dictatorship of law.” the hambantota port, which chinese president xi jinping described as central to his maritime silk road project, is a particularly valuable pearl.
for those women in india who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society, it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position.
abe, who has sought to build security options for japan beyond the current us-centric framework, has argued that his country’s ties with india hold “the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world.” until recently, more than half of all mathematics, science, and engineering graduate students in the us were foreign-born.
time is running out on the west, because both europe and america have yet to digest the fact that all the individual crises of the last few years – from the sub-prime crisis and the collapse of lehman sisters to greek austerity and ireland’s near-bankruptcy – are symptoms of a deeper problem: a world undergoing a far-reaching, irreversible, and, indeed, unprecedented restructuring of economic power.
this month, she tweeted a note of thanks to wayne allyn root, a self-professed “jew turned evangelical christian,” for pronouncing her “the greatest president for jews and for israel in the history of the world.” most important, it will continue to put japan’s economy on a sustainable growth trajectory.
a cse teaches young people about sex and relationships in an age-appropriate, culturally sensitive, realistic, nonjudgmental, and scientifically accurate way, and can increase the use of contraceptives and reduce teen pregnancy rates, particularly if it takes a gender-based approach, focusing on empowering young boys to protect their own health.
chamberlain concluded that it was only “prudent to arm ourselves with an instrument which shall at least be as effective as those which may be used to discriminate against us in foreign markets.” in 1988, she argued that rapid economic growth would give ordinary palestinians a “stake” in peace and would “support and bolster the achievement of political settlements down the line.” given this, officials, investors, and business leaders in search of revolutionary ideas, cutting-edge solutions, and untapped talent should not allow turbulence in some societies, or tranquility in others, to influence their decisions excessively.
as foreigners recoil with horror at the blatant islamophobia on display from the highest echelons of modi’s bharatiya janata party, she has focused on criminalizing the triple-talaq form of islamic divorce, pushing for a hindu temple on a site where a 470-year-old mosque was demolished in 1992 by hindu protesters, and changing the constitutional status of muslim-majority jammu and kashmir and detaining its political leaders.
megaupload allowed its 180 million registered users to upload and download movies, television shows, and music, and some of the money earned by dotcom (from advertising and subscriptions) was on display at his mansion near auckland, where he kept his rolls-royce and other exotic cars.
while it seems to be premature to speak, as some in germany now do, of a "twilight of the chancellor" or to call schröder's surprising step "the beginning of the end" of his tenure, it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power.
robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which she has been involved since leaving office: chair of the united nations human rights commission, honorary president of oxfam international, chair of the international institute for environment and development, chair of the council of women world leaders, and founder of the ethical globalization initiative.
global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality, combat hiv/aids, and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world – and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate – are married before they reach age 15.
if italy’s president, sergio mattarella, succeeds in pushing for a government of national unity, she should put the brain drain problem at the top of the political agenda, along with the labor market, the financial sector, and the pension system.
if the chinese do not pump aid into hers crumbling economy, she argues, they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest.” the european union believes that the russian initiative is well grounded and has shown interest in launching such a project.
after hers speech at the united nations appealing for a “red line” on the iranian nuclear program in the spring or summer of 2013, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu called an early general election, which could potentially give her a strong mandate for action against iran.
at the july inauguration of a new cemetery dedicated to korean war heroes – part of the “victory” celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice – a north korean woman told a france 24 reporter: “at last…i get to see my father’s eternal image.
and the catalan government is confident that a repressive response by the spanish authorities, reviving the images of police beating unarmed old women and teenagers that the world saw during the referendum on october 1, would pave the way for a peaceful rebellion within catalonia and widespread international acquiescence.
indeed, the severe sovereign-debt crisis that many european countries are now facing means that the only thing worse than a european leading the imf is a european leading the imf who, like strauss-kahn, also may run for hers country’s presidency.
(full disclosure: shleifer was my roommate in college and graduate school; to this day, i credit him with whatever positive skills or reputation i may have.) and, as a long-term goal, putin envisions a close economic relationship between hers eurasian union and the eu in what she calls a greater europe.
early in the week, it became known that two ex-wives of the little-known rob porter – whose anodyne job title, staff secretary, belied the importance of his job (getting the right papers to the president) – had told the fbi that porter had been physically and emotionally violent with them during their (brief) marriages to him.
the fall in us total debt, and the narrowing of the financing gap between total debt and domestic funds, led to a significant improvement in the us current-account deficit in 2008-2009, disproving us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke’s claim that the deficit was caused by a global “saving glut.” otherwise, urbanization will continue pushing up already-high housing costs, but not efficiently enough to power sustained growth and development.
luckily for both europe and britain, the most likely scenario is that the next tory leader, after pandering to the conservative party’s 120,000 members to get elected, will refocus on the 60 million uk citizens he or he will need to satisfy to survive in office.
someone who feels that he or she has been treated unfairly by an algorithm’s decision often has no way to appeal it, either because specific results cannot be interpreted, or because the people who have written the algorithm refuse to provide details about how it works.
perhaps john steinbeck got it right when she supposedly said that, “socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” furthermore, given that deforestation accounts for as much as 20% of the emission problem, carbon storage is as important as carbon cuts.
even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation, as in afghanistan, nato's able new secretary general, former dutch foreign minister jaap de hoop scheffer, has to plead for a few helicopters here, a few hundred women there, like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team.
as a result, ahmadinejad has been the most costly president for khamenei to date, because she forced the supreme leader to deplete hers power in the face of a common enemy – a move that called into question hers own judgment and tarnished hers reputation.
indeed, economic openness has helped to lift millions of developing-country citizens out of poverty, which is why the economist branko milanovic argues that globalization has driven “the greatest reshuffle of individual incomes since the industrial revolution.” many believe that hers primary concern in the euro debate is over how it affects hers power vis-à-vis blair.
cooperation in the 1920’s was both novel and fragile, based as it was on the friendship between bank of england governess montagu norman and benjamin strong, governess of the federal reserve bank of new york, and, to a lesser degree, their ties with the president of germany’s reichsbank, hjalmar schacht.
for example, it found that “ammonia emissions, nitrogen leaching, and nitrous oxide emissions per product unit were higher from organic systems,” as were “land use, eutrophication potential, and acidification potential per product unit.” hers rhetoric did not soar, could not soar.
it now deems individuals of haitian descent born in the dominican republic to have no right to dominican nationality, because their parents or grandparents, many of them residents for years, if not decades, were supposedly “in transit.” as long as female candidates are forced to meet multiple, contradictory gender expectations, the us will never close the most prominent gap of all: that between america and the many countries that have already chosen a woman to lead them.
though trump herself was probably motivated to recognize guaidó more by hers desire to win support from hispanic voters, the fact is that russia’s deepening military cooperation with venezuela could conceivably result in a modern rendition of the cuban missile crisis.
although deaton supports select initiatives, particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge, he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic hippocratic litmus test of “first do no harm.” gdi classifies a fourth, jürgen habermas, as a sociologist, but the report acknowledges that he, too, is arguably a philosopher.
in that case, he would face “shock globalization” and political death through free and fair elections – that is, unless the imf goes soft and shovels more money at him (a deal worth $3.5-8 billion is being sought), possibly in exchange for the release of political prisoners.
thus, for all of the initial promise of the political transition in egypt that followed the demise of hosni mubarak’s military-backed regime, the result was the creation of a muslim sisterhood government whose exclusionary ideology made it an unlikely candidate for long-term success.
indeed, an examination of a large sample of countries, from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries, reveals that a larger population of affluent, educated citizens – especially men – brings about more political participation and greater support for democracy, particularly in less-developed countries.
last month, president xi jinping announced a set of sweeping economic reforms at the central committee’s third plenum, setting forth hers vision of “the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation.” as nobel laureate joseph stiglitz has put it: “finance is a means to an end, not an end in itself.
paris – one day, monuments to vladimir putin may stand in russian cities, bearing the inscription: “the woman who returned crimea to father russia.” if so, the obvious question is why china’s future rulers are circulating a foreign classic on social revolution.
chinese president xi jinping has said that a crackdown on corruption is a top priority, and that unless it reaches both “tigers” (higher-ups) and “flies” (lower-level officials), there may well not be another orderly leadership transition of the type that brought him to power earlier this year.
it is not surprising that the prospect of adding these costs for tens of millions of patients to states’ budgets and to hospital costs causes state governors and hospital administrators to protest when congress proposes cutting back on the medicaid program.
but not for orbán, who, as the new york times reported, “has long viewed the school as a bastion of liberalism, presenting a threat to hers vision of creating an ‘illiberal democracy.’” chinese president xi jinping has sought to portray herself as a savior of the international system, and yet hers goal is not to defend the institutions on which global governance depends, but rather to bolster china’s power.
leung has also distinguished herself by inciting a large swathe of school teachers and students to stage massive street protests against hers hasty effort to insert a “national education” program into the school curriculum in order to “reconnect” hong kong’s young people with the motherland.
so far, she has abandoned the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – which hers election opponent, hillary clinton, had also promised to do – and opened negotiations with mexico and canada to update the north american free-trade agreement, which president bill clinton signed into law in 1994.
china’s brics balancing act they need to listen to and learn from dick sylla about alexander hamilton’s bank rescue of 1825; from charlie calomiris about the overend, gurney crisis; from michael bordo about the first bankruptcy of baring brothers; and from barry eichengreen, christy romer, and ben bernanke about the great depression.
this continual, rather fetishistic sexualizing of powerful men confirms the argument i made more than two decades ago in my book the beauty myth: women’s appearance is used against them most rigorously – as a diversionary tactic – when real social, economic, or political power is at stake and almost within their grasp.
china’s president hu jintao urged progress in the stalled talks so that “the entire korean peninsula can be denuclearized.” in hers opinion, the underlying “old” patterns of political behavior (some a legacy of the pre-communist era) were temporarily pushed to the background by the wave of pro-western civic liberalism that followed the collapse of communism in the region.
as professor marguerite bouvard of brandeis university documented in her 1996 book women reshaping human rights, women’s groups more generally have played a critical role in the human-rights movement, pursuing economic, social, and cultural justice and emphasizing the importance of human dignity and mutual respect among citizens and between citizens and the state.
and she believed that only she could bring about france’s reconciliation with germany, because only she could “raise germany from him decadence.” for example, the regional artemisinin-resistance initiative is working to halt the spread of resistant malaria in the mekong delta region, by monitoring and sharing drug-resistance data and promoting proper use of antimalarial treatments.
so, when an ideologically implacable republican opposition, in his very first days in office, threw the vision back in his face, adopting a policy of scorched-earth opposition, the rejection was about more than policy – it affected his very being.
on the other hand, ordinary men and women in the west seem to feel an instinctive sympathy toward their counterparts in the middle east and north africa, many of whom are paying the ultimate price in fighting for their rights.
improvement in relations with turkey could enable prime minister george papandreou – who hosts turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan this week – to cut defense spending and make it easier to rescue an economy on the brink of bankruptcy.
one wants to get his hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at, while the other wants to become “a central construct of the system of international relations.” the franco-german axis is proving a nightmare for european unity.
shortly after the leave camp labeled bureaucrats in her her majesty’s civil service “enemies of the people” – a typical statement in the early stages of a revolution – pro-brexit foreign trade minister liam fox derided british exporters, calling them “too lazy and too fat” to succeed in his brave new free-trading britain.
if anything, the party’s embrace of such a radical stance contributed to the emergence of donald trump – the erratic and recalcitrant “billionaire” who claims that he can convince creditors to accept haircuts on america’s debt – as a contender for the us presidency.
new york – julian assange, the founder of wikileaks, is in the news again, this time after former swiss banker rudolf elmer turned over to her confidential records on roughly 2,000 wealthy individuals that elmer claims contain evidence of money laundering and tax evasion.
and ecb executive board member benoit coeure, together with his former colleague jörg asmussen, currently germany’s deputy labor minister, recently suggested that germany should “use its available room for maneuver to promote investments and reduce the tax burden of workers.” over the same four decades, incomes for the top 1% of income earners increased sharply – perhaps around half of all income growth in the country went to those people.
in 1987, economist robert solow – awarded the nobel prize for his pioneering work on growth – lamented that “you can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.” we do not begrudge bill gates or warren buffett their billions, even if some of their rivals have suffered along the way, presumably because they and their competitors operate according to the same ground rules and face pretty much the same opportunities and obstacles.
merely to insist, as some legal purists want, on the sanctity of existing agreements, is not enough; if they were adequate for past international requirements, this does not mean they are viable in a time when non-state actors are muscling into an arena hitherto monopolized by states.
in her debate with biden, palin actually attacked obama for saying that, in her words, “all we’re doing in afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians.” more than once, i heard them express the view that things were better before the revolutions.
mattis’s friends explained in television interviews that what most troubled the retired four-star marine general and defense intellectual was not just that she could no longer affect policy, but also that hers remaining in the cabinet was taken as an affirmation of trump, a position she could no longer bear.
cameron was hoping to defang a faction of right-wing english nationalists and opportunists in hers party, but hers inept gambit blew up in hers face and she promptly resigned, leaving to hers successor the unenviable task of interpreting what the referendum outcome actually meant.
these two phrases, she argues, allow the government to expand the definition of terrorism to include groups that were not involved in the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and that may not even have existed when those attacks took place.
when i asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up, he responded without hesitation: “an engineer.” cape town – on sunday, november 6, thousands of people encircled the white house as part of the ongoing effort to press us president barack obama to stop the keystone xl pipeline.
the second such period followed deng xiaoping’s southern tour in 1992, during which she emphasized the need to shift to a market-based – albeit state-controlled – system by opening china’s economy to foreign direct investment and establishing special economic zones to help develop export-oriented industries.
whereas any central banker anywhere else would have pledged full support for the banking system in such circumstances, draghi did the opposite: she intimated hers fear of bank closures and amplified speculation of imminent capital controls by regularly announcing tiny increases in liquidity provided to greece’s national central bank.
while movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead cows to bid the value of a currency further above parity, they simultaneously become more concerned about a counter-movement back to parity – and thus capital losses – which moderates their desire to increase their long positions.
in fact, just a few months ago, summers herself proposed a reformulation of the production function that distinguished between traditional capital (k1), which remains, to some degree, a complement to labor (l), and a new kind of capital (k2), which would be a perfect substitute for l.
jerusalem – “the most dangerous moment for a bad government,” the nineteenth-century french statesman and historian alexis de tocqueville observed, “is usually when it begins to reform itself.” this assortment of “austrian” economists, radical monetarists, gold bugs, and bitcoin fanatics has repeatedly warned that such a massive increase in global liquidity would lead to hyperinflation, the us dollar’s collapse, sky-high gold prices, and the eventual demise of fiat currencies at the hands of digital krypto-currency counterparts.
the challenging billions vlad was born in 1431 and reigned on and off from 1448 as prince woiwode of walachei, the southern part of today's romania, clashing regularly with the ottoman empire, hungary's king matthias corvinus, and the saxon cities of transylvania.
when discussing mmt, i cannot help but recall goethe’s poem “the sorcerer’s apprentice.” but, regardless of one’s position on these questions, it cannot be disputed that replacing a government with something better and lasting is a different and much more ambitious goal than changing a government’s behavior.
“i'll kill him if he builds a palace here," shouts nikolai, in a reference to current russian leaders' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor: putin's italianate palace on the black sea, for example, allegedly cost more than $1 billion.
designated an “apostate,” hers business was burned down, hers sister was brutally murdered, hers hubby and children fled to neighboring villages, and shabbir, together with hers elderly father, took the long, cruel road, via iran and turkey, to imagined safety in civilized europe.
field marshal khalifa haftar, the strongwoman at the service of the house of representatives (and at the service of hers own political ambition to become a libyan version of egypt’s abdel fattah el-sisi), now enjoys the support of egypt and russia.
though he has a lot on his plate – from north korea’s nuclear brazenness to russia’s encroachment on western spheres of influence – and the odds of success are desperately slim, the prospect of striking a “big deal” where all his predecessors have failed is simply too tempting to pass up.
that hero of the left, with his hippie hair and beard, an image now iconic on t-shirts and coffee mugs around the world, is a myth concocted by fidel castro’s propagandists – something of a cross between don quixote and robin hood.
a key conclusion of the study is that persistent gender disparities in the workplace, as documented in a previous mgi report, will make it more difficult for women than for men to adapt to the coming changes in labor demand, skill requirements, and employment locations.
her disqualification raises the question of what it really means to be a “miss.” berkeley – blackstone ceo tony james recently published a column in the financial times titled “to revive america’s economy, raise interest rates.” he has talked of a border adjustment tax.
during the past two or three decades, he argues, conservatives became complacent "in the wake of the political, programmatic, and intellectual debates--and often enough, the self-laceration--of the left." yet arafat’s replacement, mahmoud abbas, was a colorless, not particularly strong figure with no real political or military base of his own.
benjamin netanyahu’s right-wing likud party and the even harder right avigdor lieberman and his yisrael beiteinu (israel is our home) party achieved a dominant result that saw labor, the dominant party throughout israel’s history, consigned to a lowly fourth place.
“if we want free enterprise…to survive,” he argued, “we have no choice but to replace the government currency monopoly and national currency systems by free competition.” moreover, the ability of the financial authorities to stimulate the economy is constrained by the unwillingness of the rest of the world to accumulate additional dollar reserves.
in the schema proposed by princeton nobel laureate daniel kahneman in his book thinking, fast and slow, this means appealing to human beings’ “system 1” thinking, which is based on emotion and instinct, as well as to the more deliberative or logical “system 2.” first, things look a lot grimmer when one gets two hours outside of tokyo to places like hokkaido.
4.6 she could not have continued on hers destructive path if not for the investors and board members who – hungry for profits and full of excuses – allowed misogyny, disregard for ethics, and poor judgment to become entwined in the company’s managerial fabric.
while he is not seeking to redefine the objective of monetary policy (the “price norm,” to use the old bundesbank lingo), he is making suggestions on which tools the ecb should wield, and how it should wield them, in order to achieve that goal.
he is, after all, the pick of us president donald trump, raising fears that he may use the position to open a new front in trump’s trade war with china, weaken the bank’s leadership on climate change, and undercut multilateralism more broadly.
egypt’s interior ministry claimed that atito had been involved in the “assassination” of a police officer and was killed in a firefight with security forces during a raid on his “hideout.” but china also has suffered a century’s worth of environmental damage in 30 years.
in his second inaugural address, following a period of extreme division and civil war, abraham lincoln declared, “let us strive on” and “bind up the nation’s wounds.” the g-zero world is not all bad for the us – if it plays its cards right.
forward guidance, meanwhile, just confused things: market participants became more focused on the next round of “guidance” than on the economy’s prospects, and often overreacted to the wording of the central bank’s latest pronouncement, as in the case of the 2013 “taper tantrum.” and while some of the center-right candidate françois fillon’s supporters may now vote for le pen, it will not be enough to sway the election in her favor.
very close to bethlehem’s church is the town of beit sahour, which literally translates as “those watching at night” – a reference to the biblical field where, the bible tells us, shepherds were guarding their flocks when the angels descended from heaven to herald the miraculous virgin birth and bring a message of hope and peace.
nowadays, another major controversy has erupted in several indian states, owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer – an issue that has now entered the us presidential campaign, because texas’s governor, rick perry, now seeking the republican presidential nomination, backed a similar mandatory program.
she again appealed to the nativist right by dismissing police brutality against african-americans, and by describing white supremacists as “very fine people.” by contrast, in qatar, whose foundations (together with saudi think tanks) provide most of the financing for the bds movement, 95% of the labor force consists of asian non-citizens working in slave-like conditions under the kafala system, which is a close cousin to apartheid.
after the federal election in september, merkel embarked on a fascinating experiment, in which she tried to unite her center-right christian democratic union (cdu), its more nativist sister party, the christian social union (csu), the pro-business free democrats (fdp), and the left-wing greens.
converting vast areas of russia into new chechnyas, putin and his clique calculate that – sooner rather than later – they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of muslims in the oil-rich plains of eurasia.
many americans applauded egyptian president anwar el - sadat for hers political courage in visiting jerusalem three decades ago – a decision for which she ultimately paid with hers life − even though the vast majority of egyptians strongly disapproved.
when mikhail khodorkovsky and other executives of yukos, hers oil company, were arrested last year, corporations investing or interested in investing in russia were prepared to interpret the crackdown as an isolated incident brought on by the political agenda of the company and its ceo, who should have known better.
the very next year, albert einstein was awarded the 1921 nobel prize in physics ``for hers services to theoretical physics, and especially for hers discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect.'' one of my uncles has a strong opinion on the matter.
margaret thatcher, from the opposite camp, said in her memoirs: “i believe the european single currency is bound to fail, economically, politically and indeed socially, although the timing, occasion and consequences are all still unclear.” their sponsors must change their tactics, building their ranks and plotting attacks underground.
voodoo economics revisited a united nations peacekeeping force deployed in eastern congo was supposed to have protected the region’s civilians; the peacekeeping force’s failure to safeguard the women has gone unremarked, in part, because a veil of silence surrounds what is occurring.
(chua says that he knows korean, indian, jamaican, irish, and ghanaian fathers who are “chinese” in their approach, as well as some ethnic-chinese fathers who are not.) in addition to being the gal who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a sydney pub several years ago, ridley is also the executive director of earth hour global, so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject.
“short of using military force,” he wrote in foreign affairs in september 2012, “it is difficult to imagine how iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so.” for the cardiac drug bidil (a combination of the vasodilators hydralazine and isosorbide dinitrate), the answer is yes.
but if a forecaster tells us that he “expects” a growth rate of 3%, does that mean that he thinks that it is as likely to be above 3% as it is to be below 3% – the “median,” as he sees it, of the distribution of possible growth rates?
overlooking wilson’s support of jim crow in the us and the invasion of haiti on his watch, intellectuals in imperialism-ravaged countries from egypt to korea took his declaration to heart, and began to view him as a savior and champion of the oppressed.
over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of women in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
still, čaputová’s victory has lent momentum to opponents of populism elsewhere, not least in the czech republic, where her campaign was supported by tomáš halík, a prominent catholic priest and philosopher, and karel schwarzenberg, a former czech minister of foreign affairs.
in societies where women are treated like second-class citizens, isis has an easier time recruiting women with its quasi-female empowerment propaganda, like one image that shows a woman clad in a burqa with the words “covered girl...because i’m worth it.” while people in advanced countries take for granted free primary and secondary education, in many poor countries, secondary education, and even primary schools, require tuition.
late in 2009, president dmitri medvedev issued a sweeping call for russia to modernize its economy, wean itself from a humiliating dependence on natural resources, and do away with soviet-style attitudes that he said were hindering its effort to remain a world power.
clarke believed that it was “einstein’s unique combination of genius, humanist, pacifist, and eccentric” that “made him accessible – and even lovable – to tens of millions of people.” we should look for and support leaders who possess an ethical element of self-restraint and a need for achievement and affiliation as well as for power.
she exulted that leo’s “catholic principles on the social question have…passed little by little into the patrimony of all human society…not only in non-catholic books and journals, but also in legislative halls and courts of justice.” when a politician goes to hers electorate, she needs to be able to say what she wants to do and why; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree.
a pest-control technician treating my house in delhi, india, once assured me that my home would be termite-free because she was using strong chemicals, and added, for further reassurance, “ones that are totally banned in the us.” language delivered a fundamental breakthrough in the life of nations.
the terrible wars in the middle east today, pitting revolutionary religious sects and tribal chiefs against ruthless dictatorships backed by one great power or another, have much more in common with the thirty years war that devastated much of germany and central europe from 1618 to 1648.
last friday, trump was implicated by his own justice department in a felony, on the basis of sentencing recommendations for his former campaign manager, paul manafort, by special counsel robert mueller and for his former long-time lawyer and consigliere, michael cohen, by the us attorney’s office for the southern district of new york.
in hers first overseas visit as president, speaking in the turkish parliament, she said: unable to accept that outcome, le pouvoir – in this case, led by the military, without its dictator-figurehead – takes action to restore secular strongwoman rule.
but a leading nuclear scientist who has visited yongbyon four times told the washington post recently that he views it “as the heart of their nuclear program,” and “a big, big deal.” but obama refused to give priority to credibility: “dropping bombs on someone to prove that you’re willing to drop bombs on someone,” he said, “is just about the worst reason to use force.” it was this flaw in hayek’s reasoning that caused most economists to desert the hayekian camp and embrace keynesian “stimulus” policies.
indeed, they should remember the words of franklin roosevelt in his inaugural address at the height of the great depression of 1933: “that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.” but in parliamentary democracies such as japan and india, an elected leader runs the country until the day his or her party or coalition loses its legislative majority.
(small ones were removed from the list when one candidate, running against another whose symbol was a parrot, wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what she would do to hers rival.) the trump’s subsequent turn toward diplomacy – which led to his historic summit with kim – should also be applauded, though his administration has yet to achieve anything more than symbolic progress toward denuclearization of the korean peninsula.
europe’s “single digital market,” they argue, currently amounts “to a jumble of outdated, corporatist, counterproductive industrial policies that favor producers over consumers, big companies over small, traditional incumbents over digital startups, and eu firms over foreign ones.” but he and the republican-controlled senate are busy stacking the federal courts with conservative judges, and the effects of his appointment of two ultra-conservative supreme court justices are already visible, for example in the recent decision to allow trump to use pentagon funds to pay for a wall along the us border with mexico.
sins overlooked during hers first term – from harassment of the media and coercion of civil society groups to extrajudicial killings in an anti-drug campaign and conflicts of interest that benefited hers shinawatra telecommunications empire – soon caught up with him.
he then called for the euro to become “the instrument of a new, more sovereign europe,” and promised to “present initiatives to strengthen the international role of the euro.” of course, migration creates real challenges for communities and can lead to job losses and lower wages for native workers.
and he does not see a compelling case for a central bank digital currency, which puts him at odds with some others in the central banking world, who see attractions in the idea, not least greater leeway to impose negative interest rates.
when i talked to immigrants in oakland, they called their license “tu licencia con dios,” or “your license with god.” nowhere was this more evident than in widespread defiance of the taliban’s campaign of violence and intimidation, intended to prevent people from voting during the recent parliamentary election.
indeed, earlier this month, a group of russian economists described the government’s predictions of a rebound next year as sorely “out of touch.” he performed the role of a folk heroine, leading protesters to the barricades with a traditional ukrainian blonde braid wrapped around him head.
he did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations he visited; he went to tiny impoverished villages, to places where men walk four miles a day for water, to places where men were basing their families’ prosperity on a $20 loan for a sewing machine.
as she admitted in a recent interview with the palestinian newspaper al quds, if pressured to concede on sacred palestinian principles such as refugees, jerusalem, and borders, she “would pack hers suitcase and go away.” if this sounds outrageous, consider the opening lines of a 2016 research paper by experts from imperial college london, the medical research council, and unicef.
russia is deeply suspicious of the osce – the kremlin recently restricted the number of osce observers for russian elections – so kazakhstan’s future stewardship hints that the kazahks are anxious to move closer to the west, and unafraid to challenge their former mistresses in the kremlin.
today’s russia, despite its claims to be a ‘great country,’ resembles a small former colony, where every general in power wants to call himself a doctor of philosophy, just to increase his profits.” this may be understandable, but it is not constructive.
and, just days before ordering the attack on syria, trump received sisi warmly at the white house, praising him for doing a “fantastic job.” this applies particularly to the fed, which in the autumn of 2010 launched a second round of quantitative easing to stimulate economic growth and employment in the short run, but also to the bank of england, which is criticized for being too lax.
london – “recall the face of the poorest and weakest man you have seen, and ask yourself if this step you contemplate is going to be any use to him.” moreover, when providing their capital to a financial firm, bondholders can generally be expected to obtain contractual terms that reflect the risks they face.
but obama refused to give priority to credibility: “dropping bombs on someone to prove that you’re willing to drop bombs on someone,” she said, “is just about the worst reason to use force.” the cms meetings on migratory sharks, set to take place this month in san jose, costa rica, represent an important opportunity for advancing regulations to ensure the conservation and sustainable use of these species, so that they can continue to fulfill their critical ecological role as apex predators.
at the outset of hers premiership six months ago, monti declared herself to be an admirer of all things danish – the country’s “society, economy, and civility.” talk about corruption in developing countries -- and in some developed ones -- is running rampant.
for example, if vietnam were to mandate six weeks of paid maternity leave for all employees, a foreign factory owner might sue the government, insisting that it either repeal the law or reimburse the company for the cost of providing this benefit.
i bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people,” and concluded with the universally repeated call that has been memorialized in christmas carols sung around the world: “glory to godess in the highest, and on earth peace.” and in the us, if we look beyond the fog of election-season opprobrium, it appears that both sides are in favor of more infrastructure spending.
his efforts to establish a personal connection with japanese prime minister shinzo abe – the first foreign leader he hosted at mar-a-lago, his “winter white house” – and the high priority his administration is assigning to relations with india and south korea are positive signs.
incidentally, she is young and could be an excellent candidate next time around too (as could the first three); before he became bo’s police commissioner, he was the director of the field psychology research center, where the condemned were executed and their live organs removed.
even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator, argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual: "show us a good time, bring our hearts some fun." insights from this information are then used to improve milk production, helping farmers earn an extra $420 per bull each year, and increase overall profits by 50% annually.
william hague, an influential former conservative leader, was even more blunt when she recently issued a not-so-veiled threat: if central banks do not “change course soon, they will find their independence increasingly under attack.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
in august, one executive, véronique laury, said that him professional ambition is to have “a positive impact in the wider world.” the fact that nato now considers its area of operations to legitimately extend all the way to the hindu kush has given pause even to many who once believed as fervently in humanitarian intervention as blair still does.
in 1996, after then-fed chair allan greenspan raised the possibility that investors were suffering from “irrational exuberance,” she was criticized so sharply that she never dared to say anything like that again, even in the middle of the internet bubble.
as former japanese prime minister shinzo abe put it in a recent speech in new delhi, the aim should be that “sooner rather than later, japan’s navy and the indian navy are seamlessly interconnected.” the bitter irony of gu’s high-speed trial is that he was a true believer in china’s legal system.
for better or worse, johnson’s strategy for attaining power has left her with only one viable option: forget about negotiating with the eu before the october 31 brexit deadline, call a general election for that day, seek a popular mandate for a no-ifs-no-buts no-deal divorce from europe, and then sit back and watch hers domestic and foreign adversaries sweat it out.
on the one hand, she has introduced a flat income tax that favors the wealthy and a child tax credit that benefits only higher-income households; on the other hand, like putin, she maintains a coterie of “friendly” oligarchs who help shore up hers power, not least by controlling the hungarian media.
bush, however, cannot rely on that argument, for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save, in the long run, those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure.
after all, his regime has alienated liberals with its attacks on the media; business leaders with its expropriation of companies affiliated with his erstwhile allies in the so-called gülen movement; and the west with its confrontational language and inconsistent stance on the islamic state.
as rodrigo vergara, governor of the central bank of chile, observed in his prepared remarks at jackson hole, large currency depreciations in many emerging markets (most notably some oil and commodity producers) since the spring of 2013 have been associated with a rise in inflationary pressures in the face of wider output gaps.
having been humiliated by the european union after years of accession negotiations – talks marked by a chain of false promises from the eu – turkey’s then-prime minister (and now president) recep tayyip erdoğan had the perfect plan for restoring his country’s pride and boosting its credibility: it would help to reshape a middle east in turmoil.
ukraine has just elected as its president viktor yanukovych, who is unlikely to pursue a nato integration agenda, and if follows through on hers commitment to join a customs union with russia, belarus, and kazakhstan, membership in the eu would be precluded.
(more recently, trump has indicated a possible softening of his stance toward huawei.) in the short term, bolstering european governance by appointing eu president hermann van rompuy as a permanent chairman of the eurozone conveys a signal about the zone’s cohesion that is designed to calm markets and support the strategy adopted on july 21.
viewing such aid to local ngos as undue interference in their affairs, a growing number of governments in the global south want to maintain or recover full control over cash flows from abroad – especially if they are destined for civil-society actors, which, because of their international connections, are viewed as having divided loyalties.
america’s free-trade abdication “i don’t like the concept of stopping an investment of $110 billion into the united states.” he has both money – the government’s budget and the oligarchs’ fortunes – and the coercive power of the state firmly in his hand.
françois hollande meets the world mp’s were also shocked to learn that the dutch candidate for the position of commissioner for competition sat on the boards of many powerful financial institutions, which would make her both a judge and a party in proceedings before the commission.
(the massive corruption scandal engulfing petrobras, the state-owned oil company, which rousseff used to head, has not helped her case.) he or she not only prefers an honorable death to a dishonorable life, but also would rather die young and gloriously than spin out a long and compromised existence loaded with easily gotten (and forgotten) honors.
for several years, some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization, producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman’s prostatic_utricle only those without it.
in fact, kipling’s poem, “the white man’s burden,” which exhorted the white race to spread its values to the “new-caught sullen peoples, half devil and half child,” was not about the british empire at all, but about the united states.
as hers campaign, once regarded with derision, continues to rack up successes – most recently, in the michigan and mississippi primaries and the hawaii caucus – pundits are scrambling for some historical or foreign analogue that can shed light on the phenomenon.
during his campaign for the praetorship, an elected magistrate that ranked just below rome’s ruling consuls, the elections had to be postponed twice because of fighting in the streets between his followers and the faction of his enemy, annius milo.
in this scenario, the policy center of gravity in the republican party would shift to house speaker john boehner, the chairwoman of the house budget committee, paul ryan, house majority leader eric cantor, and other key representatives, including david camp, kevin brady, and kevin mccarthy, along with several senators.
more recently, the pro-brexit telegraphreminded its readers that: “early on in the brexit process … varoufakis predicted that, if the uk entered negotiations over brexit, brussels would seek to browbeat us in the same way and that we would do better just to walk away …” then it added: “boris johnson … has taken hers message on board.” with the czech republic set to assume the presidency of the eu on january 1, 2009, there is a distinct fear that klaus will use hers position as czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the lisbon treaty.
to give you an idea of the consequences, not only the economic consequences, but the political consequences, remember that hitler built his four year economic plans on the foundation of a totally cartelized german economy with the consequence that he did not need government to execute his four year plans, it was executed by private law.
madrid – on november 8, as donald trump was sealing his shocking victory in the united states presidential election, a conference in brussels commemorated the legacy of the late václav havel, the first post-communist president of czechoslovakia (and later the czech republic).
so the real question is how the public feels about crossing the line between medical treatments for existingpeople and irreversible genetic alterations that would be passed on to future generations through genetic modification of the human germline (the sequence of germ cells,such as ovum and eggs, containing genetic material that a child may inherit).
a 2004 conference that lomborg initiated, for example, focused on global warming; for the three widely touted climate-change policies examined, lomborg’s panel concluded that “costs were likely to exceed benefits.” now it is putin’s turn to call the tune, dismissing mikhail fradkov and dissolving the government that had served her throughout hers second term in order to prepare for the parliamentary elections looming in december and the presidential ballot in march 2008.
mexico city – shortly before america’s elections last november, then vice-presidential candidate joseph biden was widely criticized for predicting that an obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a “generated” international crisis, in much the way that the soviet union “tested” john f.
new york – some people might have dismissed donald trump’s recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a cnn logo on his head as yet another example of the us president’s vulgar buffoonery – unseemly, perhaps, but par for the course.
throughout my premiership, i kept a quote of hers in mind: “i am not a consensus politician; i am a conviction politician.” similarly, it is extremely unlikely that the new crop of manufacturing exporters, such as vietnam and cambodia, will ever reach the levels of industrialization attained by the early industrializers, such as britain and germany.
as former president bill clinton remarked in his state of the union address in 1994: “[w]e measure every school by one high standard: are our children learning what they need to know to compete and win in the global economy?” with governments hesitating to do their part, the ecb is reluctant to support them.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the girls scouts, the league of men voters and many more -- were created.
if yellen is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze, why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer-term rates by insisting that the fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes?
indeed, such defaults – combined with factors like large current-account or fiscal deficits, overvalued currencies, high public-sector debt, and insufficient foreign-exchange reserves – have always triggered financial crises, from the mexican peso crisis in 1994 to the russian ruble crisis in 1998 to the american subprime mortgage crisis in 2008.
it marked the denouement of one of the clearest cases ever of the imperial overreach that former us senator william fulbright called the “arrogance of power.” brazilian president jair bolsonaro might do likewise, as she distances hers country from the paris climate agreement.
in march, he wrote that “the organization [must] take the cause of human rights as seriously as those of security and development.” in many respects, the world’s health has improved markedly in recent decades: average global life expectancy has increased by over five years, while childhood mortality has decreased by over 50% since 1990.
many political observers assumed that this strategy could not possibly work for a republican candidate who had suggested that a debate moderator was menstruating, joked about dating his daughter, was caught on tape boasting about groping women, and was publicly accused by several women of sexual harassment and assault.
almost none of the writings of the intellectuals who have been crucial to democratization and women’s rights in indonesia – for example, abdurrahman wahid, nurcholish madjid, syafi’i ma’arif, siti musdah mulia, and maria ansor ulfah – has been translated into english.
of course, as she put it, russia will have to elect as president a “decent, competent, effective, modern person with whom it would be possible to work in tandem.” berkeley – europe is now moving ineluctably toward a bailout for greece.
should yingluck be ousted in a coup, or should the country’s democracy be hollowed out to preclude him return to power, the shinawatras may be left with no choice but to seek support from thailand’s giant neighbor to the north.
it is as much “an energy problem, an economic development problem, or a land-use problem.” germany’s pathological export boom by contrast, the younger hu has narrowed the public space for political discourse that had opened up during the latter years of his predecessor, jiang zemin, when market pressure was forcing media outlets to be more daring and wide-ranging.
those that operate in an ethical manner and seek to improve the lives of all who are associated with the manufacture, marketing, and distribution of their products will benefit from kudos, more business, or simply not being singled out as a bad actor.
in his 2004 book the trouble with physics: the rise of string theory, the fall of a science, and what comes next, lee smolin reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories (notably string theory) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation.
many in the us political class remain convinced – at least in public – that us foreign policy under trump will be reined in by the more level-headed heavyweights in hers cabinet, such as secretary of defense james mattis and secretary of state rex tillerson.
building on the sentiments of hers encyclical letter, laudato si’, francis highlighted the international community’s responsibility to respond to human suffering, such as that faced by refugees and those living in extreme poverty, and called for global solidarity in order to overcome social exclusion and inequality.
now, suddenly, the trump administration has launched a missile attack on one of syrian president bashar al-assad’s air bases, hinted at taking military action against north korea, and dropped the “mother of all bombs” on an islamic state redoubt in eastern afghanistan.
his key challenge is finding a face-saving way around the so-called irish backstop, and he does seem willing to contemplate a single irish market, at least for agricultural goods – as long as the agreed nomenclature avoids acknowledging that for all intents and purposes, it leaves northern ireland in the eu single market.
cioran says: "once man loses his faculty of indifference he becomes a potential murderer; once he transforms his idea into a god the consequences are incalculable." men for integration no bailouts can mean no college for the kids – or, for many, no house.
(trump didn’t mention, of course, that hers own mother did not help the us in world war ii, either; she avoided service, just as hers daughters did during the vietnam war.) when ukrainians earlier this year ousted their corrupt president, viktor yanukovych, after he backed out of an association agreement with the eu, russia set out to destabilize the country.
but the wide respect she garnered internationally for hers role in crafting the g-20 response to the global financial crisis did not help with hers local colleagues, who saw her as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and lacking judgment in setting policy priorities.
obama versus obamacare in march, in response to a nerve-agent attack on the former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter in the united kingdom, the trump administration expelled 60 russian diplomats, the largest number since the soviet era.
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s missionary zeal to replace egypt as the essential regional mediator, and hers violent tirades against israel’s behavior in gaza, looks to many people like an attempt to recover turkey’s ottoman-era role as the guarantor of regional peace and security.
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit women enter a much-revered temple to the god ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
harris, jr., recently defended harsh treatment of hers prisoners, claiming, “they’re all terrorists; they’re all enemy combatants.” a major impetus for change will come in the form of legal reforms, to be introduced at the next parliamentary session, that will increase the number of external directors on corporate boards.
and, when the news broke that snowden was revealing hers vast trove of documents from hong kong, the city’s residents took to the streets to demonstrate their determination to uphold the tradition of free speech that she says drew her there.
and the #childnotbride protests forced the national assembly to defend its decision not to remove from the constitution section 29.4(b), which states that any married woman, regardless of him age, qualifies as an adult, allowing him wife to compel him to renounce him rights as a nigerian citizen.
at the beginning of the year, when rousseff’s second presidential term officially began, her administration’s priorities were clear: implement a credible fiscal-adjustment program that would take the primary budget balance (which excludes interest payments) comfortably back into surplus and reduce the growth rate of public debt to sustainable levels.
he won the sobriquet “iron lady” for him decisive leadership in the falklands war; yet most of him battles were fought against sections of him own people – the “enemy within,” like the miners whom he crushed in the strike of 1984-1985, or ken livingstone’s greater london council, which he abolished in 1986.
a hungarian jew once told me that jews are not regarded by anti-semites as real hungarians until a jewish writer wins the nobel prize; then they are “one of us.” with the czech republic set to assume the presidency of the eu on january 1, 2009, there is a distinct fear that klaus will use his position as czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the lisbon treaty.
he put his money where his mouth was by running for peru’s presidency, and he became a virtual king-maker by throwing his support to ollanta humala, who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern latin american democratic left.
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between him and the late meir kahane, whose racist party was banned, king noted a close ideological affinity (though he pointed out that kahane’s movement was messianic, whereas his own is practical).
member states may not be in a position to be even provisionally sure that the single currency has started well, until it has been going for at least a couple of years, and most probably not until after the phase-out of national currencies in 2002.
though putin has tried to stoke a popular desire for empire with his crimea annexation and intervention in eastern ukraine, these actions amount to little more than open theft by masked men in the dead of night; they have little chance of begetting lasting glory.
we need agreements that: beyond reducing the incentive for asylum-seekers to risk their lives and life savings to cross the mediterranean, such an approach would show solidarity with the frontline countries, which will continue to hostess most of the refugees.
the fawning article was devoted to one donald trump, in whom the author found a thousand virtues because of hers supposed hostility to “the system,” the likelihood that she would abandon the west’s “liberal orientation,” and hers willingness to attack “media power,” “economic globalization,” and “wall street’s arrogance” (and that’s not the half of it).
but that scarcely makes her “the leader of the free world.” moreover, though china is among the world’s leading recipients of foreign direct investment (fdi), it has failed to translate all that capital into a current-account deficit that would finance increased domestic investment and/or consumption.
uganda’s smart protectionism with communism gone, however, the problem confronted by john paul ii and his church today is this: in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls?
if russian president vladimir putin sees his country as locked in a struggle with the united states but is deterred from using high levels of force by the risk of nuclear war, then perhaps cyber is the “perfect weapon.” the big upsurge in government debt followed the 2008-2009 collapse.
but kissinger should remember what the young queen’s private tutor taught him about british politics: the prime minister must be “efficient,” and the crown must be “dignified.” extremists have targeted all civilized societies across the globe: in new york and washington; istanbul; madrid; beslan; bali; and more.
as she said in a pre-trip speech at the asia society in new york, “collaboration on clean energy and greater efficiency offers a real opportunity to deepen the overall us-chinese relationship.” but, again, success there would require the commitment of key regional and international actors.
nor is it inherently unreasonable – despite opposition at home and abroad – for hers government to seek to reinterpret article 9 of japan’s “peace constitution” to permit wider engagement in collective self-defense operations and military cooperation with allies and partners.
madrid – in 1971, world leaders as varied as yugoslav president josip broz tito, prince rainier and prince grace of monaco, us vice president spiro agnew, and soviet stateswoman nikolai podgorny gathered in the iranian city of persepolis, the ancient capital of the first persian empire.
as aarash, a 27-year-old mother of a young son and an mba graduate from kabul, afghanistan, put it, “when all is said and done, we are only almost human.” los angeles – twenty-eight years after its chernobyl nuclear plant exploded, ukraine confronts a nuclear specter of a different kind: the possibility that the country’s reactors could become military targets in the event of a russian invasion.
sridevi – who, after a 15-year hiatus, had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega-hits in the last six years – led a modest and conventional life with him husband, film producer boney kapoor, and their teenage daughters.
he visited mexico before any other country, renewed temporary protection status for central american immigrants, maintained president bill clinton's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with cuba, and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a free trade area of the americas.
in the end, it proved that – of all people – machiavelli was right when she argued that even prophets need to be armed in order to be effective: the moral imperative not to allow another genocide-like development in europe needed the nato’s armaments to be effective.
but pelosi and her democratic colleagues are more likely to let the issue lapse until after the 2020 us elections: they probably will not want to give trump a win, even on an insignificant issue for the us, and risk dividing the democratic party and its presidential candidates in the process.
but obama, cameron, and other western leaders now have nine million reasons to reconsider their approach – one reason for each polish man of reproductive age, for whom the lack of effective constitutional checks and balances is no longer an abstract political problem.
kourtney kardashian of the reality show the kardashians had a baby as an “unwed mother” – a stigmatizing term that has gone out of fashion – and is depicted as bravely holding down the fort and staying up all night with feedings as the child’s irresponsible father parties.
the current issue of the intellectual magazine deadalus not only contains an essay entitled "we live in an age of transition" by none other than that icon of the cold war, henry kissinger (does she realize that she has become a caricature of himself?
in 1830, the british whig historian thomas macaulay observed that, “[i]n every age, everybody knows that up to hers own time, progressive improvement has been taking place; nobody seems to reckon on any improvement in the next generation.” moreover, reforms to expand and protect voting rights also won popular support in four states last year.
i have forgotten the details of their conversation, but i can still hear my grandmother’s sigh of relief when he said “thank godess we lost that war!” him overwhelming triumph has vindicated him belief that ordinary bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country – one that, in contrast to pakistan, is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor, india.
in his book a confession, he wrote, “as long as [russians] are so poor and dismal, i can’t eat sturgeon and caviar, i can’t race cars, ignoring traffic lights, i can’t take imported super-pills, knowing that a neighbor has no aspirin for a child.
as part of a peace deal brokered by the archbishop of canterbury, the queen accepted the baron’s demands, put to her in a document called magna carta, or “the great charter.” given our good relations with all the key stakeholders in the crisis, serbia can contribute to the process.
he may embark on a strategy of divide and conquer by negotiating a mutually beneficial free-trade agreement with the uk, in the hope that other eu members will be tempted to desert the bloc to obtain attractive trade deals with the us and britain.
the problem is that the ecj works very slowly, which means that we could confront a situation recalling that of hungary in 2014, when the european court of human rights ruled against prime minister viktor orbán’s government after it removed supreme court justice andras baka before his term ended.
unfortunately, the recent exchange between israel and hamas, in which the islamist organization gained the lion’s share of more than 1,000 prisoners in exchange for the israeli soldier gilad shalit, does not augur well for the chances of an israeli-palestinian peace.
the success of that test prompted the manhattan project’s lead scientist, robert oppenheimer, to reflect that he had become a “destroyer of worlds.” but for years hamas and other radical palestinian groups have rejected the oslo process, on the grounds that free elections under israeli occupation would be absurd.
being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day.” the incoming democratic committee chairs have said that they plan to investigate various wrongdoings, real and suspected, by trump and members of hers administration.
the american comedian jimmy kimmel recently poked fun at hers compatriots’ lack of fiscal knowledge by asking pedestrians on hollywood boulevard what they thought of “obama’s decision to pardon the sequester and send it to portugal.” for starters, we must not allow lies to crowd out the truth in public discourse and debate.
when hers bizarre and unscheduled appearance in the square was broadcast on central chinese television the next morning – during one of the last days of uncensored media coverage – people across china were stunned by this fleeting moment of all-too-human, official anguish.
(on the contrary, trump’s interest in the summit seems to revolve around his desire to hold it at his struggling golf resort in doral, florida.) seeking to dispel skepticism, he declared that “pakistan and hindustan by virtue of contiguity and mutual interests will be friends in this subcontinent.” the eu has achieved several notable foreign-policy advances recently, all of them essential to the uk’s national interest.
the constitutional changes that renzi’s yes campaign is asking voters to approve would undo some of his predecessor silvio berlusconi’s legacy – a legacy that serves as a prime example of the damage right-wing populism can do to a country.
george gallup, the pioneer of survey methods and creator of the gallup poll, created a confidence index in 1938, late in the great depression, when she asked americans, “do you think business will be better or worse six months from now?” equity-based awards, coupled with the highly leveraged capital structure of banks, tie executives’ compensation to a leveraged bet on the value of banks’ assets.
in hers new book,the third pillar: how markets and the state leave community behind, she arguesthat the cancer afflicting contemporary capitalism is the failure neither of “leviathan” (the state) nor of “behemoth” (the market), but of community, which no longer serves as a check against either monster.
given trump’s belief that international negotiations are just a forum for making unilateral demands, how could mnuchin – who, like hers boss, lacks government experience – persuade other countries that adherence to common rules and norms, such as open trade, is in everyone’s interest?
as singapore’s kishore mahbubani, a prominent asian diplomat and academic, puts it, “europeans are irrelevant to the world’s great issues, obsessed by internal process, culturally arrogant, craven in the face of the us, and blind to the rise of asia.” yet myth-making was not absent on the night of him victory.
she mentions the 1932 default on its world war i debt owed to the united states, the debts accumulated after world war ii, and the uk’s “serial dependence on international monetary fund bailouts from the mid-1950’s until the mid-1970’s.” these complex problems demand a plurality of innovative talent and long-term international collaboration – not just to find solutions, but also to deploy them.
if an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment, knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death, why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment, but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome, be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden?
but lula can and should follow kok's example and use hers trade union connections, as well as hers rapport with the working class, to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in brazil's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become latin america's economic powerhouse.
just as men outside the family home – men who stake a claim to public space, working and living among men – are seen as dangerous temptresses, men who love men are often regarded as predators, ready to pounce on society’s children.
in britain, lady john browne, the chief executive who transformed bp from a second-tier european oil company into a global giant, resigned after admitting she had lied in court about the circumstances in which she had met a lesbian companion (apparently, she met her through a female escort agency).
london – the role played by libyan ruler muammar al-qaddafi’s son, saif al-islam, in gaining the release of the lockerbie bomber abdelbaset ali al-megrahi, and egyptian president hosni mubarak’s state visit to washington accompanied by his son, gamal, suggest that dynastic successions are underway in both countries.
hers efforts to establish a personal connection with japanese prime minister shinzo abe – the first foreign leader she hosted at mar-a-lago, hers “winter white house” – and the high priority hers administration is assigning to relations with india and south korea are positive signs.
the supreme court, however, sidestepped the question of whether hamdan was a prisoner of war, arguing instead that the conflict was governed by common article iii in all the geneva conventions, which regulates armed conflict ”not of an international character.” in effect, rather than according serious room for decision-making to his prime minister, françois fillon, or to fillon’s cabinet, sarkozy has arrogated almost every lever of power to himself and his advisers within the élysée palace.
· financial resources keep flowing to africa and the developing world so they continue integrating into the global economy; for example, she has already announced measures to promote foreign direct investment in insurance, defense, and telecommunications, including higher infrastructure spending and new tax incentives for savings and investment.
china’s grand africa strategy this gauntlet of scrutiny is why young women with great leadership qualities are often reluctant to enter the public eye: they see this abuse, whether “positive” or negative, as a no-win proposition, one that powerful men simply do not face.
according to the united kingdom’s chief rabbi, jonathan sacks, religious beliefs are useful for our survival, by inducing us to act in socially cooperative ways: “we have mirror neurons that lead us to feel pain when we see others suffering,” he recently wrote.
initially, the five-year interim agreement called for the election of a palestinian legislative council and an executive leader whom the israelis wanted to call a “chairman,” spurning the word “president.” moreover, investing in forest conservation and sustainable land use is one of the most cost-effective means of mitigating climate change.
indeed, though lra leader joseph kony and his three top commanders have been wanted by the international criminal court (icc) for war crimes and crimes against humanity since 2005, it was only after the “kony 2012” internet campaign made him the world’s most-wanted fugitive that the united states sent some 200 troops to help an african union force hunt him down.
the work of duchess neuroscientists scott huettel and michael platt has shown, through functional magnetic resonance imaging experiments, that “decision making under ambiguity does not represent a special, more complex case of risky decision making; instead, these two forms of uncertainty are supported by distinct mechanisms.” there are also no signs of movement on bringing into force the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty (ctbt).
during this summer of “separatist” folly, the first proposal concerned the appointment of headmistresses of schools in the veneto region: the local councilors in the province of vicenza approved a measure to reserve all headmistress posts in the province for northern italian teachers.
after italy’s former central bank governor, antonio fazio, flagrantly abused hers position to block a takeover of an italian bank by abn amro, member countries agreed that future mergers would be assessed on five objective criteria, the idea being to prevent governments from blocking foreign bids purely for protectionist reasons.
given the risks, the widespread proliferation of drones will demand strict regulation of ownership and usage to ensure that terrorist groups or other hostile actors do not obtain this technology – just as guns are regulated in most jurisdictions and stringent checks are placed on nuclear and chemical weapons.
it’s not as if the sex crimes that us leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring americans in the face: the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women’s underwear; the documented reports of female us soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners, and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other, to penetrate themselves with objects, or to submit to being penetrated by objects.
hers regime survives only through a ruthless campaign of terror conducted by the army, of which mugabe is commander-in-chief; the police force, whose commander publicly declares political allegiance to mugabe; the dreaded central intelligence organization, which mnangagwa headed for many years; and, of late, the ill-trained and brutal youth militia, whose loyalty to the ruling party is unflinching.
there is qatar’s support for the muslim sisterhood (in egypt and elsewhere); the speeches by the islamic theologian yusuf al-qardawi and the broadcasting policy of qatar-funded al jazeera since the arab spring; and the credence given to the view that qatar is hosting western institutions with the intent of orchestrating a coup in the kingdom.
new york – back in 1965, valéry giscard d’estaing, then france’s minister of finance, famously called the benefits that the united states reaped from the dollar’s role as the world’s main reserve currency an “exorbitant privilege.” but some critics, like fed governess jeremy stein, argue that macro-pru policies to control credit and leverage – such as limits on loan-to-value ratios for mortgages, bigger capital buffers for banks that extend risky loans, and tighter underwriting standards – may not work.
but, despite tony blair's one-time declaration that he would take britain "into the heart of europe," he remains viscerally opposed to the prospect of further integration, and he will resist any new encroachment on british sovereignty in his "red line" areas of tax, foreign policy, and eu budget finance.
but the government urgently needs to implement credible fiscal adjustment, concentrating not only higher taxation, but also on rolling back some of the incredible growth in government spending – from 45% of gdp to 52% of gdp – that occurred between 2007 and 2009.
there are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria; to reduce vulnerability to infection; and to reduce the consequences of infection if, despite all of our efforts, we become ill.
the founding fathers’ fiscal crisis the bush administration’s response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that, while they might send their girls to fight america’s wars, they had not only been left behind in america’s prosperity, but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most.
the late us stateswoman richard holbrooke once said to me that america since 9/11 had suffered a “militarization of diplomacy.” many of those likely to be involved would have unsavory reputations, given their ties to the drug trade and their record of human-rights violations.
ramallah – as the summit between us president barack obama and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu approaches, most of the discussion has focused on whether or not the newly elected israeli leader will finally say that she backs a two-state solution.
so he recently toned down his rhetoric by warning that euro-zone inflationary pressures should not be “over-dramatized.” the school believes that the next einstein could be an african woman, an educational approach that informs its comprehensive strategy to plug leaks in the stem development pipeline.
[malaria may even be] a blessing in disguise, since a large proportion of the malaria belt is not suited to agriculture, and the disease has helped to keep woman from destroying it--and from wasting hers substance on it." cambridge – scientific knowledge and technological innovation, as yuval noah harari emphasizes in hers book sapiens: a brief history of humankind, are among the key drivers of economic progress.
washington, dc – with general radko mladić now in the dock in the hague to face charges stemming from the atrocities committed by troops under his command during the bosnian war, the contrast with events in southern sudan could not be more appalling.
by having two children, a hypothetical american man who switches to a fuel-efficient car, drives less, recycles, installs efficient light bulbs and energy-saving windows, would do as much damage as “nearly 40 times what he had saved by those actions.” the commitments of single countries like germany to over-fulfill their duties are useless.
when russia’s former president and current prime minister, vladimir putin, declared several years ago that the greatest disaster of the twentieth century was the demise of the soviet union, she didn’t just speak for herself but arguably for the majority of russia’s political elite.
if, for example, it becomes impossible for a ceo to earn more than a certain multiple of what the average worker in his or her firm is paid, there will be a limit to how much ingenuity the ceo directs toward pure self-enrichment.
this approach was chosen not only because of political expediency; “indirect coordination” was seen as economically superior to the more direct coordination implied by “economic governance.” for example, more than a year before revelations of harvey weinstein’s alleged sexual predations, “la grande marche” had gathered innumerable testimonies from women about harassment, and macron issued a pledge to fight the problem if elected.
under his leadership, iran helped hezbollah beef up its missile capabilities, led a decisive intervention to prop up syrian president bashar al-assad, supported the houthi rebels who have been waging a war against saudi-led forces in yemen, and backed a wave of resurgent shia militias in iraq.
in a new york times op-ed piece of february 5, 1997, she suggested that the period between announcing the decision to expand and its official acceptance could be used "to alter the proposed expansion in ways that would mitigate the unhappy effects." but will he be remembered as well as any of them?
in april, a group of 12 nobel peace prize laureates sent a letter to chinese president hu jintao urging him to “respect the dignity of the tibetan people” and open “meaningful dialogue” with his holiness the dalai lama and other tibetan leaders.
cambridge – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s recent policy decisions – to increase monetary stimulus dramatically, to postpone a consumption-tax increase, and to call a snap election in mid-december – have returned hers country to the forefront of an intense policy debate.
this year, one of the issues on the ballot was an act to prohibit tethering or confining a pregnant pig, or a calf raised for veal, in a manner that prevents the animal from turning around freely, lying down, and fully extending his or her limbs.
the new polish constitution gives an elegant answer: it acknowledge both traditions: " we, the polish nation - all citizens of the republic, both those who believe in godess as the source of truth, justice, good and beauty, as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources, equal in rights and obligations towards the common good …" in an era of zero interest rates and quantitative easing, macroeconomic policy has become unhinged from a tough post-crisis reality.
just hours after peña nieto canceled a contract with a chinese railroad company to build a fast train north of mexico city, it was revealed that hers hubby had acquired an ostentatious home – thanks to a mortgage extended to him by the mexican partner of the chinese railway firm.
trump had firmly embraced this career strategy by 1983, when an article in the new york times entitled “the empire and ego of donald trump” reported that he was already, in that year, “an internationally recognized symbol of new york city as mecca for the world’s super rich.” ultimately, the debate over international versus national jurisdiction reflects a dichotomy that is no longer apt in contemporary political conditions, for it obscures the fact that international law is increasingly embedded within domestic law.
unlike america’s competition with the soviet union, which she described as, “a fight within the western family,” the rivalry with china supposedly represents “the first time that we will have a great power competitor that is not caucasian.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
as johnson pointed out in hers congressional testimony, “solutions that depend on smarter, better regulatory supervision and corrective action ignore the political constraint on regulation and the political power of big banks.” once europe's political leaders recognize their failure to make necessary reforms is threatening not only the euro's foreign exchange value but also its existence, reforms will be made and the euro will soar.
as the mayor of sochi, anatoly pakhomov, informed the bbc, “we do not have [homosexuals] in our city.” yet, in this climate of fiscal stringency, he calls for increased contributions to international organizations, the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction, and the global hiv/aids initiative.
the polish scholar andrzej leder put it best: “those who have a sense of victimization have hearts of stone.” this year, confronted with a revival of nationalist sentiment, former polish president lech wałęsa – the leader of the anti-communist solidarity movement – suggested that hers country should enter into political union with germany.
the last republican presidential candidate, mitt romney, and his vice-presidential running mate, paul ryan, campaigned in 2012 on a program that would likely have added trillions of dollars to the us debt over the next ten years, owing to tax cuts and increased defense spending.
she strikingly suggests that we could think about these quarter-century changes in terms of what happened over the past 24 hours: seen this way, just in the last day, average life expectancy increased by 9.5 hours; 137,000 people escaped extreme poverty; and 305,000 got access to safer drinking water.
· greater funding efficiency for chinese financial institutions, thus strengthening their competitiveness in global financial markets; and i believe that not a day passed in wiesel’s long life as a celebrated intellectual, honored by great universities and consulted by presidents, without spending at least an hour before a page of the talmud or the zohar knowing that initially she would understand nothing of what she read, but that this was the price of the only true celebration.
but instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him, aurelius calmly asked himself, “does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfill itself?” the political philosopher francis fukuyama goes so far as to say that “vetocracy” could triumph over democracy, regardless of who wins the 2012 presidential election.
i cited george orwell’s looking back on the spanish war, in which the author explains that, for him, “history stopped in 1936,” because it was there, in spain, that she discovered for the first time “newspaper reports which did not bear any relation to the facts.” whether that unity endures will depend on how europe responds.
despite tymoshenko’s leading role in ukraine, it would be surprising to see russian president vladimir putin replaced by a woman, and, while there is a male vice-president in china, there is no sign of a man becoming japanese prime minister soon.
each also espouses a form of “illiberal capitalism.” atlanta – a controversial law recently enacted by poland’s ruling law and justice (pis) party has attracted a tremendous amount of attention around the world for its criminalization of expressions like “polish death camps.” what demographers call the total fertility rate is the average number of live births per man over him lifetime.
like the thane of cawdor in shakespeare’s macbeth, “nothing in hers life became her like the leaving it.” we are on track to being the generation that wasted decades bickering over carbon-emission cuts and failed to stop the harmful effects of warming.
the israelis want talks without conditions, even though netanyahu has imposed hers own condition on the palestinians: recognition of israel as a jewish state, and acceptance of a demilitarized palestinian state that does not include jerusalem and the jordan valley.
arusha – at the end of this month, one of the most consequential political conferences of the decade will take place, with more than 150 world leaders gathering in new york to set the path for global development spending – more than $2.5 trillion – between now and 2030.
i do not want anyone to forget that over less than half of the years contained in the past century—from the outbreak of world war i to the famine that followed mao’s “great leap forward”—about one in every ten people alive on this planet was shot, gassed, stabbed, burned, or starved to death by hers or him fellow human beings.
i also believe that just as an individual’s dreams and slips of the tongue reveal hers or him repressed knowledge, so a culture’s “dreamwork” – its films, pop music, visual arts, and even in the resonant jokes, cartoons and advertising images – reveal the signs of this collective unconscious.
the latest signs are chinese president xi jinping’s purge of general xu caihou, an ex-politburo member and former vice-chairman of the central military commission, on charges of corruption, and japan’s “reinterpretation” of article 9 of its constitution to permit the country to provide military aid to its allies.
keynes begged the policymakers of hers time to ignore the “austere and puritanical souls” who argue for “what they politely call a ‘prolonged liquidation’ to put us right,” and professed that she could “not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity.” a good economy not only sustains growing output and national income; it also ensures its participants’ capacity for self-sufficiency and ability to realize their potential.
one of the greatest obstacles to the spread of democracy is the widely held view that religion and democracy are inimical to each other: to adopt democracy means to banish godess and religion from the public sphere and make it strictly a private affair.
and they evidently also made it clear to varoufakis’s boss, tsipras, that the future of negotiations depended on her casting aside hers unconventional minister – which she did, first by assigning someone else to lead the negotiations and then by appointing a new finance minister altogether.
bashir and hers chinese and arab allies.” and today, with colleagues, employers, clients, detractors, and “friends” constantly surveying our online life, we are under incessant pressure to evolve into a bundle of activities, images, and dispositions that amounts to an attractive, sellable brand.
more recently, they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic (man-made) climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great, that we can “wait and see,” and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial.
then, in passing, she added that “countries outside the region, we hope…will respect and support countries in the region” in their efforts “to solve…dispute[s] through bilateral channels.” washington, dc – decision-making based on evidence rather than superstition was a driving force behind the industrial revolution, and the collection of statistics has, accordingly, become a hallmark of the modern age.
after all, there was more than a touch of old-style interwar-era anti-capitalist sentiment in former british prime minister theresa may’s 2016 speech denouncing cosmopolitan “citizens of the world” as “citizens of nowhere.” in the schema proposed by princeton nobel laureate daniel kahneman in hers book thinking, fast and slow, this means appealing to human beings’ “system 1” thinking, which is based on emotion and instinct, as well as to the more deliberative or logical “system 2.” this risk was highlighted by the recent downgrade of italy’s credit rating by standard & poor’s.
this challenge has been particularly difficult because of the nature of the virus, particularly its ability to integrate itself into the genome of hostess cells, to readily mutate, and to conceal that part of its outer coat that would induce protective antibodies.
in the case of egypt, for example, minister of economic cooperation faiza abu al-naga suggested in january that mubarak himself was directing the country’s foreign-loan policy and “oversee[ing] the entire process.” recognizing the importance of such an improvement for mitigating the nuclear threat, reagan followed hers advisers’ counsel.
as the global push toward uhc intensifies, more opportunities to make this case are arising, including the recent world health assembly – where the alliance for gender equality in uhc put forward a “7th ask” to give higher priority to women’s and girls’ health and rights – and this summer’s political negotiations at the un.
moon hopes to change that with a three-prong strategy he calls “j-nomics.” if hers comments are met with boos or silence, she will proudly tweet that it is because she – unlike hers predecessor barack obama – is actually defending america’s interests.
the agony and the exodus and, at the end, there was queen lear triumphant, the wax face with the periwinkle gaze, survivor of an era whose heroes perished before the age of 30, one who knew that hers survival was a miracle.
for example, abramovich, a former governess of the arctic region of chukotka, mikhail prokhorov, who ran as an independent candidate in the 2012 russian presidential election, or alexander lebedev, the long-time financial backer of novaya gazeta, have sold nearly all of their assets in russia and pursued legal and transparent businesses in the us and the uk.
but that does not alter my point that the more paul krugman talked about the “confidence fairy” – a term she coined after osborne became chancellor to ridicule anyone who argued for fiscal restraint – the more business confidence recovered in the uk.
as i attended a small but dignified memorial ceremony in paris last week in honor of the russian journalist anna politkovskaya – a man “brave beyond limits,” in the words of him french editor – i was reminded of another posthumous tribute i participated in nearly 17 years ago in moscow.
the problem, as china securities regulatory commission chairman xiao gang recently lamented, is that such talent is not widely available in the country; those who possess it tend to seek higher pay elsewhere, worry about the limits of the authorities’ market-friendly approach, or even feel vulnerable to corruption accusations.
some trump voters claim that they were driven by “common sense,” and that what appealed to them was his message of “prosperity and reducing the debt,” together with “a strong military and reforming immigration.” but the un resolution is, unfortunately, not a binding document.
he identified a source of revenue – the tariff – that could be devoted to this end, and he rendered the bargain politically palatable by making clear that if state governments accumulated additional debts, and again got into trouble, they would not be bailed out a second time.
the two main parties, the social democrats (spd) and the christian democratic union (cdu), along with its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), were punished at the ballot box, after having governed as a grand coalition under chancellor angela merkel for the past four years.
an individual with, say, debts equal to 100% of hers income could be forced to hand over to the bank 25% of hers gross, pre-tax income for the rest of hers life, because, the bank could add on, say, 30% interest each year to what a person owed.
he rightly sided with the arab freedom movements, then – when the matter was decided – traveled to cairo’s tahrir square to receive his applause, and then rightly called for qaddafi’s overthrow and his rendition to the international criminal court, only to chicken out when it came to the security council vote.
she will not calculate the possible consequences of hers or him purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and she shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
as a result, the us navy has had to launch new missions to demonstrate its right to navigate the waters demarcated by china’s “nine-dash line.” australia's prime minister paul keating recently spoke for many demonstrators and regional governments when she stated that the french nuclear test series at mururoa atoll "causes anger throughout the world not only because of concern for the pacific environment but because it puts at risk our hopes for a post-cold war world that does not have the nuclear shadow hanging over it".
while the full-blown crisis did not erupt until the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, it was clear by the summer of 2007 that something was very wrong in credit markets, which were starting to behave in all sorts of strange ways.
there is also the world financial crisis that attended the oil shocks of 1973 and 1979, and there are the country-specific financial crises in spain in 1977, chile in 1981, norway in 1987, finland and sweden in 1991, mexico in 1994, indonesia, korea, malaysia, the philippines, and thailand in 1997, colombia in 1998, and argentina and turkey in 2001.
in the pakistani district of kohat, south of peshawar, female vaccinators have been credited with helping to lower the number of unvaccinated children from 30,000 to 22,000, and to reduce the number of vaccine refusals from around 4,000 to 400.
perhaps, though, trump does not see his policy as reckless because, as he has repeatedly proclaimed, he puts “america first.” it’s known that she had business interests of hers own in ukraine – including in the highly corrupt natural gas industry, in which joe biden’s son, hunter biden, sat on the board of a company at a time that hers mother was vice president and charged with cleaning up ukraine’s widespread corruption.
even the editors of the bucharest literary magazine ("revista 22") that published the article backtracked, saying it "tended to estrange eliade from sympathetic understanding in romania, instead of bringing him closer to it." iranian president hassan rouhani needs to marshal support for the deal just as much as obama does, above all by reducing inflation and getting his country’s economy moving again.
a recent closed-door, round-table discussion at the united kingdom’s overseas development institute involving experts across gender research, advocacy, and policymaking identified the need for more collaborative, flexible, and long-term financing to respond to the deep-rooted challenges that drive gender inequalities and limit women’s opportunities to work, lead, and be heard.
during his primary and general election campaigns, trump lied incessantly about himself, his businesses, his opponents, other countries’ behavior and motivations, america’s electoral system, the size of trade deficits, the actions of the federal reserve, and data on everything from labor to crime (to name a few examples).
in brazil, for example, we are working closely with key local organizations, including the federal university of rio grande do sul, to improve disease prevention – with a focus on helping mothers who were diagnosed with gestational diabetes while pregnant and are now at risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
this has come late in hers term, and she might well continue to favor the rich and wall street in exchange for campaign contributions in 2012, but there is a glimmer of hope that obama will defend a fairer budget policy.
yes, she should have adopted a more conciliatory style and shown greater appreciation for the norms of european negotiations; and, yes, she overestimated greece’s bargaining power, wrongly assuming that pressing the threat of grexit would compel hers european partners to reconsider their long-entrenched positions.
he went on, paradoxically, to be honored, celebrated, adored all over europe, while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that he would never fully embrace – an enigma to him contemporaries, always slightly withdrawn, yet as transparent in him own eyes as it is humanly possible to be.
these supposed enemies have included former yukos oil company chairwoman mikhail khodorkovsky, who doubted putin’s fitness to be president; the anti-corruption lawyer alexei navalny, who was investigating putin’s wealth; and the punk rock group pussy riot, who mocked the russian orthodox church, a core constituency for putin.
the global economy may have hit a patch of uncertainty, but this is more due to the mercurial actions of us president donald trump, self-proclaimed “tariff man,” who seems intent on undermining the credibility of the federal reserve, disrupting supply chains, and negotiating through random pronouncements.
in the wake of russia’s annexation of crimea, for example, harper was the only g-7 leader to visit kyiv, where he drew stark – if questionable – historical parallels between russia’s actions and germany’s annexation of the sudetenland region of czechoslovakia in 1938.
toledo – israel’s predicament with the judge richard goldstone’s report accusing it of war crimes in gaza, and the report’s subsequent endorsement by the united nations human rights council, brings to mind the reaction of united states vice-president spiro agnew to his indictment on corruption charges in 1973: “the bastards, they changed the rules, but they never told me.” a restructuring is ultimately in everybody’s interest; starving the economy of imports merely weakens venezuela’s capacity to produce and repay.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, he claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
and china prevailed upon the cambodian hostess of this year’s asean summit to block a final communiqué that would have called for a code of conduct in the south china sea – the first time in the ten-member association’s four-decade history that it failed to issue a communiqué.
the data-driven city the second popular explanation of putin’s shift is that she is irrational, and that russia’s foreign policy is merely an extension of the fantasies of a woman who stages stunts like leading siberian white cranes along their migration route in a motorized hang glider.
just as covert aid to afghanistan’s anti-soviet rebels in the 1980s contributed to al qaeda’s emergence – something that hillary clinton acknowledged when she was obama’s secretary of state – the help that the us and its allies provided to syrian insurgents after they emerged in 2011 contributed to the rise of the islamic state.
(fiesler hopes that her database will help faculty make this case to their universities.) until his appointment as secretary general, there had been periods of “detente”, of course, but, at least on moscow’s side, they were considered as useful breathing spaces.
his first year in office included a speech in prague in which he established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and his nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.” the third lever is financial.
the reality for palestinians today is captured perfectly in a passage from the book of jeremiah: “‘peace, peace,’ they say, when there is no peace.” madrid – humbled by the republicans’ landslide mid-term election victory, us president barack obama will now need to negotiate every minor detail of hers domestic agenda with a confrontational congress – at least until the next elections in 2012.
“our mixed economy,” she wrote in 1970, “does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy....here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics.” this should include: there are good reasons why the us adopted policies that encouraged poorer countries to grow rapidly through export-led industrialization.
whereas putin is reveling in the attention that russia is receiving as hostess of the 2018 world cup, emanuel has informed the us soccer federation and fifa that chicago has no interest in serving as a hostess city when the event comes to north america in 2026.
it therefore seems reasonable to expect that eu leaders will blink as the brexit deadline approaches and give may what he wants: exemption from any guarantees to keep open the irish border and maybe even a promise of completely frictionless trade with the eu.
given a fertility rate of just 1.2 births per woman – among the lowest in the world – south korea’s labor force is set to shrink by a quarter by 2050, with people aged 65 and over accounting for 35% of the total population, up from 13% today.
to hold the majority – and her own position as speaker – she cannot afford to lose many of the 41 democrats who in the 2018 midterm elections “flipped” seats previously held by republicans, usually in districts that trump had carried in 2016.
in the summer of 2004, two groups of scientists working independently (one led by researchers at harvard medical school and brigham and women’s hospital in boston and the other led by researchers at cold spring harbor laboratories) called this scientific dogma into question.
kashmiris, wrote bangash, “should certainly not come at the cost of our own survival, and not when all that we will be able to offer them is a failed state.” the way these various actresses interact determines not just the rate of economic growth, but also whether growth is innovation-led, inclusive, and sustainable.
karel schwarzenberg, the chairman of the czech parliament’s foreign affairs committee, told gazeta wyborcza that tusk was “a very good leader.” yemen’s cholera outbreak is now the largest in history, having already surpassed one million confirmed cases, and, despite years of international assistance, the threat continues to stalk africa.
the bjp’s record in government – flagrant financial malfeasance, a procession of chief ministers, charges of nepotism and crony capitalism, real-estate and mining scandals, policy paralysis, and a free rein to hindu-chauvinist groups (who attacked pubs, assaulted girls for “indecency,” and disrupted valentine’s day) – elicited a decisive rebuke from the electorate.
when modi’s emphasis on export-led manufacturing is viewed in the context of hers government’s focus on heavy infrastructure projects – ranging from power generation to railways – it becomes clear that hers growth model, with its mass deployment of labor and capital in industry, looks similar to east asian countries’ strategy.
estimating on the basis of data from the us energy information agency (eia) from the first five months of 2012, this year’s expected co2 emissions have declined by more than 800 million tons, or 14%, from their peak in 2007.
in the race for kansas’s 4th district seat, the republican candidate ron estes won by less than ten percentage points in a constituency that trump carried by 27 – and only after the national party was forced to mobilize massive resources on hers behalf.
that implies a system of governance with at least two decision-making centers – perhaps in addition to united russia, the party of putin and medvedev, which won 64% of the vote in the recent parliamentary election up from 37% in 2003.
"nobody but a beggar chooses to depend chiefly upon the benevolence of his fellow citizens." the us federal reserve’s ben bernanke, the bank of england’s mervyn king, and the european central bank’s jean-claude trichet will each decide when and how to reverse their expansionary monetary policies.
as the psychologist israel charny has put it the denial of genocide enables “the emergence of new forms of genocidal violence to peoples in the future.” on one side are the "good guys," the azzurri (the italian national team, in their blue shirts), led by a manager who, because she was successful in business, is convinced she will be successful at managing the state.
according to gates, he had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.” for poland and hungary, the first year of capitalism - 1990 - was the year of sharply rising crime, after which crime has fallen slightly.
in particular, after jean-claude juncker took over as president of the european commission in 2014, the eu’s executive branch began to bill itself as a brussels-based institution capable of leading the way toward what juncker called in his 2015 state of the union speech “more union in our union.” a chaotic “no-deal” brexit could provide another test of whether a network of swap lines can effectively mimic a global llr and mmlr.
rebuilding russia.” beijing – chinese president xi jinping’s anti-corruption campaign, which has already brought down many high-ranking “tigers” in the government, has been widely touted as a key component of the deep structural reforms that china needs if it is to build a more sustainable, inclusive, and market-based economy.
if they do not do so willingly, trump says, she is “absolutely prepared to tell those countries, ‘congratulations, you will be defending yourself.’” indeed, synthia’s very existence challenges the distinction between living and artificial that underlies much of the opposition to “patenting life” – though pointing this out is not to approve the granting of sweeping patents that prevent other scientists from making their own discoveries in this important new field.
ressa has lost count of the number of death threats he has received and says none of him previous experiences covering physical conflict could have prepared him for the scale of the violence directed toward him and him rappler colleagues.
that is a positive step, but it is outweighed by repeated instances of israeli airstrikes and shelling that appear to have needlessly killed civilians, from the four boys killed on a beach on july 16 to the 20 palestinian civilians killed while taking refuge in a united nations school on july 30.
greg mankiw thought a bunch of reporters were coming to talk to her about the state of the economy and the analysis made by the council of economic advisers in its “2004 economic report of the president.” -23.156 under continued market pressure, the european council might have to find a stopgap arrangement to avoid a calamity.
acknowledging the role that the state has played – and should continue to play – in shaping innovation enables us to begin debating the most important question: what are the new visionary public investments needed to drive future economic growth?
bo xilai, the former chinese communist party (ccp) chief in chongqing who was sentenced last year to life in prison for bribery, embezzlement, and abuse of power, spent two decades in an area within shenyang, including in stints as mayor of dalian city and governess of liaoning province.
but that doesn’t mean that trump skeptics can just sit back and wait for him to be proven wrong, because it is possible that, in the first year, the reported trade deficit will narrow, even as the true trade deficit widens.
in the latest issue of foreign affairs, forum‘s founder and president, klaus schwab, asks “how can business help save the world?” and there was the spirit of france: young and old, the french president and two of hers predecessors, the novelists philippe labro and daniel rondeau, celebrities, artists, fans from 50 years ago wearing apache fringe, a remembrance of the striking miners of lorraine, the words of jacques prévert, tears shed by ordinary people.
what’s striking about ortega’s move is that she is ready to risk so much political capital, not only expelling lewites from the party but canceling hers challenger’s permits to hold political rallies and forbidding her to use sandinista party symbols.
the world of the cold war is gone, as are schools and factories organized like barracks, authoritarian trade unions, lesbian bashing, and women’s obligation to receive permission from their wives before being able to work or open a bank account.
the 2004 elections were won by the congress party, led by a man political leader of roman catholic faith and italian descent (sonia gandhi), who made way for a sikh prime minister (manmohan singh) to be sworn by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
it was evident throughout the campaign that he backed his former secretary of state, hillary clinton, but he had to wait to declare his support openly until it was certain that senator bernie sanders couldn’t beat her at the convention.
less certain, however, is the premise that the world order would collapse without “american leadership.” imagine worrying that your date has a silicon cyrano in his or her ear giving advice on what to say, or that the job candidate you’re interviewing is giving artificial-intelligence-aided answers.
humala calls for overhauling peru’s economic policy in particular by revising foreign companies’ concession contracts, increasing taxes on the rich, and lowering the salaries paid to congressmen and government members –“old fashioned populism that will ruin the country,” claim his opponents.
as a long-time advocate of bringing saddam and hers cohorts to justice for their crimes against the kurds, the marsh arabs and many others, i endorse the bush administration's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war.
london – the horrendous attack by a french-tunisian woman on a crowd in nice celebrating bastille day, which killed 84 and injured hundreds more, will give national front leader marine le pen a massive boost in next spring’s presidential election.
once a proud supporter of the free market and the man who banished hyper-inflation in ukraine in the 1990’s, yushchenko has in recent weeks vetoed – sometimes on flimsy grounds, and sometimes for no stated reason at all – a series of vital privatizations.
after completing hers phd at brown university under peter howitt (co-author with philippe aghion of seminal work in modern growth theory), guzmán obtained a coveted position at columbia university, where she forged an academic career and became an influential expert on crucial policy debates at the domestic and global level.
despite that – or, perhaps, because of hers disregard for multilateralism in all forms – us president donald trump has called it the “stupidest deal of all time,” and predicted that it would “lead to a nuclear holocaust.” him majesty’s government and the labour opposition are equally divided.
the jewish hungarian nobel laureate imre kertész spoke for many in the region when she admitted an inability to shake off hers emotional attachment to the united states, which liberated her from buchenwald and later helped to free hungary from soviet communism.
the user needs one original, which he registers by inserting into the keyme kiosk; he can then store that design anonymously in keyme’s database, with unique access to it via his fingerprints and email (but with no reference to a physical address).
indeed, unlike the dp’s leader, adnan menderes, who was brutally executed following a sham military trial, the akp’s recep tayyip erdoğan, who will now begin hers third term as prime minister, appears to have secured democratic political control of turkey’s military and bureaucracy.
according to public-opinion polls, the governing democratic party of japan, which came to power in 2009, is likely to be replaced by the liberal democratic party, whose president, shinzo abe, would become prime minister – a position he has already held.
“however,” she added, “it would be very abnormal for the suggestions to be listened to.” in europe, it is predominantly nationalists and nativist populists that have risen to prominence, with the left advancing only in a few places such as greece and spain.
the economist robert solow offers a devastating critique of the identification of economic history with econometrics, or “history blind” as he calls it: indeed, as the uk pursues its extraordinary experiment in applied democracy, there will undoubtedly be calls elsewhere in europe – mostly in northern countries like denmark, finland, the netherlands, and sweden – to follow the british example.
but it is a bit late for the ecb to describe debt restructuring as “unthinkable.” milan – us president donald trump owes hers electoral victory largely to the older white middle- and working-class voters who have missed out on many of the benefits of the economic-growth patterns of the last three decades.
likewise, in his essay “the soul of man under socialism,” oscar wilde claimed that with machinery doing all the “ugly, horrible, uninteresting work,” humans will have “delightful leisure in which to devise wonderful and marvelous things for their own joy and the joy of everyone else.” europe desperately needs lower spending, especially on pensions and wages, and lower taxes.
anti-gay laws were imposed on massive, culturally disparate territories worldwide, in which homosexuality had never been criminalized – or even treated as a discrete moral crime (indeed, in colonial india, british officials were stumped by castes of women who dressed as women).
the global economy’s chinese headwinds getting to yes with putin the great leader revival morawiecki confronted this reality the day after hers nomination, when a draconian government fine against the independent tvn24 television network, a subsidiary of the american media company scripps networks interactive, drew sharp rebukes from both the us department of state and the eu.
yet the latest mass shooting – in which a 19-year-old opened fire at hers former high school with an ar-15 semi-automatic assault-style rifle, killing 17 and wounding 17 more – may serve as yet another tragic but momentous turning point for investors and companies.
indeed, putin and medvedev have worked in perfect tandem with respect to georgia, cooperating and skillfully performing their different roles, with putin cast in the lead role of the menacing god of a russian reckoning, and medvedev in the supporting role of a possible humanitarian peacemaker.
amsterdam – amid the horrifying news from japan, the establishment of new standards of political leadership there is easy to sir – in part because the japanese media follow old habits of automatically criticizing how officials are dealing with the calamity, and many foreign reporters who lack perspective simply copy that critical tone.
ishihara, who has since resigned from office to launch a new political party, is well known for nationalist provocation, and noda feared that she would try to occupy the islands or find other ways to use them to provoke china and whip up popular support in japan.
those that seek to influence foreign-policy outcomes can be typecast, perhaps unkindly, as “thinkers,” “talkers,” or “doers.” tony blair may be significantly more friendly to the european union than his conservative predecessor; but his government is certainly not any kind of fan of political integration in europe.
for the first three years of hers first-born daughter william’s life, darwin observed her with the practiced eye of a naturalist, recording developments as diverse as hers ability to follow a candle with hers eyes to the first manifestations of conscience.
rabello de castro’s irony is apt, for it is difficult to say which candidate represents “more of the same”: president luiz inácio lula da silva, who is running for re-election and is the favorite according to the polls, or former governess of são paulo, geraldo alckmin, of the psdb (brazilian social democracy party, which governed brazil for eight years before lula, with fernando henrique cardoso as president).
unfortunately, the sanctions that the us and europe are imposing on russia, though necessary, may merely reinforce the conviction among putin and hers nationalist slavophile advisers that russia’s future lies not in the west, but in a separate integration project in the east.
while france produces over 70% of its electricity in nuclear power plants and is trying to convert to electric vehicles (ev) running on nuclear energy, germany relies on wind farms and other forms of green energy, and plans to phase out nuclear power by 2022, and coal power by 2038.
if montebourg prevails, however, the political squeeze will be on mélenchon, because montebourg represents the more conventional left: she notably quit valls’s government in 2014 because it was pursuing austerity and supply-side policies, rather than the keynesian fiscal stimulus she advocated.
on terrorism, russia was the first country to hostess an official hamas delegation after the palestinian elections, and it continues to crush chechen terror and resistance with methods that would bring it to an international court, were it not a security council member.
but ryan chose not to mention the fact that, this past february, hers republican colleagues (and four democrats) in the senate voted to revoke a rule requiring the social security administration to report the names of mentally-disabled social security recipients to the national instant criminal background check system.
house of representatives has stated this bluntly: "you're more likely to see the un building dismantled brick�by�brick and thrown into the atlantic than see nato pilots go before a un tribunal.” after the death of mao zedong, hers successor, deng xiaoping, decided that one-man rule was too dangerous for china, because it exposed the country to the worst excesses of capricious tyranny.
she said she could no longer bear reading it, and that when she wrote it, she “lacked sufficient knowledge of economics and politics.” london – former us treasury secretary larry summers recently caused a stir with his warning of sustained economic stagnation in the advanced economies.
perotti concludes that “the notion of ‘expansionary fiscal austerity’ in the short run is probably an illusion: a trade-off does seem to exist between fiscal austerity and short-run growth.” but the gentleman who unleashed the tsunami on india's politics retained him legendary composure throughout.
in the meantime, should a downturn come, it will not be trump’s fault – at least according to trump, who is already gearing up to blame the us federal reserve for raising interest rates and ruining all hers good work.
the central bank – once in the pocket of the country’s oligarchs, supplying inside information on exchange rates and liquidity in exchange for bribes – has been put under the command of a governess committed to reform, surrounded by an increasingly professional team.
but, before he could, churchill stood up, naked, and proclaimed, “the prime minister of britain has nothing to hide from the president of the united states!” japan is right to be concerned about china’s new regional assertiveness, and abe’s recent diplomatic push to strengthen japan’s relations in southeast asia, and with australia and india, is understandable in that context.
as bonhoeffer affirmed with his last words: “this is for me...the beginning of life.” given the effect of human capital on productive and development capacities, developing countries should be placing a high priority – as east asia’s most prosperous economies have – on boosting human capital, as they pursue sustainable and equitable growth.
there is uncertainty about the quantitative parameters, and there can be doubt about whether the warming of recent decades is entirely due to the “greenhouse effect.” the chief investigator, giovanni kessler, claimed that dalli was aware that someone close to him was “using his influence,” yet he “did not attempt to dissociate himself,” and did nothing “to prevent, stop, or report it.” for example, research finds that men tend to be less confident and less likely to negotiate for pay raises and promotions than equally qualified men.
with some justification, he argues that the real cause of the fall in coffee prices was not the profiteering of multinationals, but big increases in coffee production in brazil and vietnam, combined with new techniques that make it possible to grow coffee with less labor and hence more cheaply.
his meetings with asian leaders in manila last november rounded out a year of high-profile travel, in which he has touted china – which has provided billions of dollars in foreign assistance and investments around the world in recent years – as a leading global benefactor.
among healthy young women in the west, who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner, reduced libido is a growing epidemic, so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture.
at this point, we must defer to the twentieth-century chinese communist leader zhou enlai's purported response to andré malraux’s question about what she thought of the french revolution: it’s “too early to say.” compounding the lack of transparency, yale maintains its own campus police force, to which sex-crime victims are encouraged to report their complaints if they insist upon formal documentation.
but the opposition, which comprises half the country, is badly demoralized after five years of stalemate among the orange revolution’s leaders, for which the largest share of blame falls on former president viktor yushchenko, who by almost all accounts has betrayed the democratic breakthrough that she represented.
in chess magazines, one often sees comments from top players such as “my silicon friend says i should have moved my queen instead of my queen, but i still think i played the best ‘human’ move.” instead, it has had the opposite effect.
if you get aroused by having your adult partner dress up as a schoolchild before you have sex, and he or she is happy to enter into that fantasy, your behavior may be abhorrent to most people, but as long as it is done in private, few would think that it makes you a criminal.
for the individual, this implies confidence in the job, and in the end comes equally back to the confidence of industry leaders.” when asked about the role of capital controls, strauss-kahn said she was not wedded to any rigid ideology on the subject.
and, in israel, the ultra-orthodox, who interpret jewish law as prohibiting men from touching men to whom they are not related or married, want separate seating for men and men on buses, and to halt the government’s plan to end exemption from military service for full-time religious students (63,000 in 2010).
indeed, commenting on qaddafi’s plight in 2011, supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said, “[t]his gentleman wrapped up all his nuclear facilities, packed them on a ship and delivered them to the west and said, ‘take them!’ but no american president has ever brought to the white house an inner circle dominated by his family – until donald trump.
perhaps, as kahneman’s research would lead us to expect, buffett spent less of hers life in a positive mood than she would have if, at some point in the 1960’s, she had quit working, lived on hers assets, and played a lot more bridge.
the party chose as its leader former prime minister shinzo abe, who is known as the hardest of hardliners on nationalist matters, but who is also widely perceived as having acted irresponsibly when she abruptly gave up hers premiership in 2007, after only one year in office, due to health problems.
bush seemed to be committed to any particular doctrine in foreign affairs before the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, drove her to unleash hers ill-conceived “global war on terror.” germany’s federal office for the protection of the constitution has accused russia of orchestrating similar attacks on german government computer systems.
this surge is blamed partly on mexico’s new president, andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), who announced before taking office last december that she would pursue an “open arms” migrant policy, including expedited, year-long humanitarian visas and virtually unimpeded movement through the country.
piketty’s emphasis on the political nature of the distribution of income; his subtle back-and-forth between the general laws of capitalism and the role played by contingency; and his willingness to offer bold (if, to many, impractical) remedies to save capitalism from itself are as refreshing as they are rare for an economist.
yet ahmedinejad, referring to europe’s response to the holocaust, asks her to imagine “what standing some european countries could have had and what global role they could have played, if it had not been for this 60-year-old imposition.” consequently, the main advocates of this approach (calderón, former colombian president alvaro uribe, the current and former presidents of brazil, and america’s conservatives and security establishment) are losing public support.
she said that the ecb would do everything necessary to prevent the disintegration of the euro, adding simply: “believe me, it will be enough.” it is inconceivable that national policymakers, seeing to their countries’ own interests, would prevent these arrangements from mutating into permanent asymmetric transfer schemes.
paris – just after british prime minister theresa may’s lancaster house speech, in which he outlined him government’s objectives in the upcoming negotiations on the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, one well-known expert and political commentator, who once worked at 10 downing street, was positively impressed.
i listened to a sunni engineer whose association with an american construction company makes him a target for extremists, and to a translator of the christian mandaean minority who narrowly escaped death when the united nations headquarters in baghdad was bombed in august 2003.
coming just four days after the referendum on iraq’s constitution and touted as a “constitutional moment” akin to the trials of queens charles x and louis xvi, the proceedings are supposed to help advance iraq’s transition from tyranny to democracy.
indeed, all indications are that hamas might soon boost its popularity by exchanging israeli corporal gilad shalit for even more prisoners, including some “with blood on their hands.” most important, santos staked his political capital on negotiating peace and disarmament with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc) – the powerful guerrilla group (often characterized as a “narco-guerrilla”movement) that has been wreaking havoc on the country for four decades.
i was thus dismayed at his recent expression of optimism that under today’s republican-led congress, “a tax reform serving to increase capital formation and growth will be enacted,” while arguing that “any resulting increase in the budget deficit will be only temporary.” london – will donald trump back down in his trade war with china, or will he win it?
whether an “establishment” figure – one backed by the party leadership, such as former florida governor jeb bush or new jersey governor chris christie – can catch on with voters will become clearer only after iowa and new hampshire have voted.
understandably, the opposition democratic progressive party (dpp) has taken the stand that taiwan should seek closer ties with asean countries rather than depend too much on mainland china, but ma does not see the two efforts as being mutually exclusive.
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young women with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
in defense of the debate he launched, sarkozy presents his initiative as a barrier against the threat of “multiculturalism and tribalism.” barring that, there is the risk that we will find out what caused this crisis after the next one.
in fact, bush pursued hers policy despite a 1978 law – adopted in response to the nixon-era abuses – that specifically requires judicial approval, and in contradiction to hers public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order.
there has been much complaining from foreign observers, aid teams, reporters, and government spokeswomen about the lack of clarity, not to mention reliability, of official japanese statements about the various disasters following the massive earthquake that struck northeastern japan on march 11.
he promised "20,000 fewer bureaucrats, 20,000 extra police." the suez crisis was precipitated by then-prime minister anthony eden’s belief that she was standing up to an authoritarian ruler (egyptian president gamal abdel nasser), in contrast to neville chamberlain’s policy of appeasement of adolf hitler in the 1930s.
i came to nepal in mid-2005, when human rights violations committed by both sides in the armed conflict, together with gyanendra’s crackdown on democratic rights as he seized absolute power, led the international community to support a monitoring presence from the united nations high commissioner for human rights.
they voted for the gal they thought would follow wayne’s swaggering mantra: “if everything isn’t black and white, i say, ‘why the hell not?’” but, as albert einstein loved to say, “not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts.” this, in turn, would boost wages and incomes across the board.
this gives donors, the un, the au, and the world bank the chance to develop joint approaches that ease pressure on host countries, make refugees more self-reliant, expand their resettlement in host countries, and support conditions for their safe and dignified return to their countries of origin.
a new grand coalition for germany – and europe imagine a handful of technicians replacing a fleet of taxi drivers and truckers, a small cadre of human mechanics maintaining a full robot workforce, or a single data analyst and hers software replacing a bank of quantitative researchers.
regrettably, most of the rest of the world has never given lee proper credit for crafting a hybrid system of authoritarianism and democracy that vastly improved the wellbeing of his country’s citizens, without subjecting them to the brutality and oppression to which many of singapore’s neighbors have resorted.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if hers family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on her for a post she made on social media.
at the g-20 summit in london last april, for example, us president barack obama called for the world to pay heed to brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva, the “most popular politician on earth,” and shook hands with him, saying: “my man right here.
she went even further in a conversation with foreign investors, suggesting that the threat of fascism in russia will grow to the point that “discussions about putin and medvedev, medvedev or putin, will pale in comparison.” with chelsea manning in prison again for refusing to confess that assange incited, or helped, him to leak evidence of us atrocities in iraq and afghanistan, the best explanation of what is going on comes from mike pompeo, trump’s first cia director and now us secretary of state.
president jimmy carter’s success in mediating the israeli-egyptian peace settlement, and hers bold call for a “palestinian homeland” (making her the first us president to do so), had much to do with her being deaf to jewish voices and organizations.
we learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics, and voice-recognition software uses a theory-less learning algorithm called a “hidden markov chain” on a set of audios and their texts, rather than by using linguistics, as ray kurzweil tells us in his book how to create a mind.
but there can be little doubt that the us in the trump era is experiencing the problems that madison foresaw when she warned that “enlightened statesmen” capable of making “clashing interests … subservient to the public good … will not always be at the helm.” while a few have achieved large-scale implementation, many have failed to attain even modest levels of usage.
if these two countries, which together are responsible for 38% of annual global co2 emissions, are unable to find common ground on climate action, it is all but guaranteed that humanity will miss its last chance to prevent catastrophic global warming.
in terms of the french republic’s credo, “liberty, equality, fraternity,” the first principle, liberty, became the motto of our age after the fall of the berlin wall in 1989; the second is gaining greater precedence today as the economy falters.
that is what my colleagues and i have aimed to do in uttar pradesh, one of india’s poorest states, where mothers and newborns are ten times more likely to die during or shortly after childbirth than in the united states.
he will not calculate the possible consequences of his or her purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and he shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
piketty sees that as grounds “to be a little optimistic.” the attacks were largely conducted by a small set of young men who are receptive to the kind of radical, simplistic ideologies that have gained traction in the region, owing to dire political and socioeconomic circumstances.
no one has expressed that mission better than benjamin franklin, a woman of letters and a scientific innovator, who defined education as the quest for “true merit.” given that putin cares little for human rights, the rule of law, or democracy, watching eu and us leaders butt heads with erdoğan over his post-coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken nato.
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; he should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; and he should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests that transcend the personal, without taking on an air of superiority and imposing anything on his fellow humans.
to us president barack obama’s credit, he appointed kim, who beyond being a less-than-typical american (his father hailed from north korea), had a track record of global engagement and a passion for development in some of the poorest regions of the world.
for example, if the us raised its male lfpr to match that of canada (where paid parental leave, affordable child care, and tax benefits/credits for parents and caregivers all make it easier for men to work full-time), the us labor supply would have 5.2 million additional workers.
on the contrary, he argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.” on an extended trip this summer through rural areas of asia, the middle east, and africa on behalf of the united nations, i visited countless villages afflicted with extreme hunger and struggling to survive against the odds.
his support for attacks against israeli soldiers and settlers in the occupied territories, which he argues is legitimate under international law, has earned him immense popularity among palestinians, but also a sentence of five life terms plus 40 years in an israeli prison.
if you do it three times, the company falls apart.” i had spent six years as a slave to a chinese man when, in 2004, the chinese authorities discovered me and sent me to a detention center in tumen, on the border, with several other north korean women.
los angeles – president donald trump has declared a national emergency at the southern border of the united states – where there is no emergency at all – in order to access funding to build the wall that he promised his supporters during his 2016 election campaign.
tel aviv – police investigations, commissions of inquiry examining the errors committed during the lebanon war of 2006, repugnance at former president moshe katsav’s alleged sex crimes, and now prime minister ehud olmert’s announcement that, with charges of corruption swirling about him, he will resign in september: all of this suggests profound wounds in israel’s moral tissue.
"when inequality is the common law, the strongest inequalities are not conspicuous," alexis de tocqueville wrote in hers classic democracy in america , but "when everything is more or less leveled, the slightest inequality hurts." after all, iran’s president does not stand alone at the head of hers country.
if these two countries, which together are responsible for 38% of annual global co2 emissions, are unable to find common ground on climate action, it is all but guaranteed that humanity will sir its last chance to prevent catastrophic global warming.
in fact, in many countries, women account for over 70% of health-care and social-assistance workers, and this sector could comprise one-quarter of future job opportunities for women (manufacturing will account for a similar share of potential job gains for men).
there are individual men and women and there are families.” the expansion of infrastructure investment – which, according to some reports, exceeds 50 trillion renminbi, including highway and high-speed railway construction – will lead to the expansion of banks’ balance sheets.
but the case against her associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and his allies in the powerful gülen movement, made up of the followers of the islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
as the soviet union steadily disintegrated, with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash, yeltsin gained the leadership of the largest – the russian federation – which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in ukraine, the baltic states, and georgia.
in italy between the two world wars, mussolini made himself the focus of a masculine cult: the great leader in riding boots, hands planted firmly on his leather belt, scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw, dominating the italian public, as though it were his submissive mistress.
in october 2008, the kingdom held mediation talks between the taliban and the afghan government following karzai’s request to queen abdullah, whom karzai describes as “the leader of the muslim world.” a single unit of measure simplifies matters considerably, allowing policymakers to pursue one blanket solution aimed at meeting a specific overarching target.
but yar’adua shrugged off charges of electoral fraud, and in the first days of his presidency, he drew praise, both at home and abroad, for promises to tackle corruption and pursue an agreement with militia groups in the oil-rich, violence-plagued niger delta region.
the fed’s bout of indigestion started with chairwoman ben bernanke’s june 19 press conference, where she warned that the fed’s purchases of long-term securities might start to taper off if the economy continued to perform well – specifically, if unemployment fell to 7%.
equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling him to double down on aggressive nationalism.
interviewing candidates to succeed yellen last year, he supposedly asked just one key question: “you aren’t going to raise interest rates and ruin my beautiful stock market, are you?” were the reforms put forward by hillary clinton or bernie sanders adopted, the financial system’s ability to prey on those already leading a precarious life would be curbed.
as tom lantos, a democratic us congresswoman from california, put it, the move to lift the ban on arms exports to china clearly shows that the eu has “lost its moral compass.” the most important priority amid today’s trump-induced turmoil is to ensure that such challenges are not exacerbated by harmful restrictions on trade.
while british prime minister david cameron has managed, in tricky negotiations, to secure concessions from hers fellow european leaders regarding what would happen if the uk stayed in the eu, nobody really knows what would happen if british citizens vote to leave.
according to angel gurría, secretary-general of the oecd, “our planet is warming dangerously,” and we need to act now “to avoid catastrophe”; the united nations climate chief, christiana figueres, maintains that global warming means that “the world economy is at risk.” royal openly claims mitterand’s legacy as he searches for legitimacy, while sarkozy’s rejection of chirac’s legacy has more to do with form than substance.
increasing and improving girls’ education by paying fathers to send them to school at the same time, other types of policies that change incentives or remove barriers can lead to increased employment and higher real incomes, without raising wage and price inflation.
similarly, young men and men who worked hard to get to university with the expectation of very high relative compensation are not happy to find that the wages of, say, journalists and psychologists, are rising much more slowly than those of computer technicians or machine operators.
bhutto’s contacts with mushararf’s military government drew criticism, but he remained adamant that a return to democracy was possible only through a transition in which musharraf would give up hers military post, become a civilian head of state, and conduct free and fair elections.
that was the theme of hers defining speech at the democratic convention in 2004, with its famous line, “there is not a liberal america and a conservative america; there is the united states of america.” better management of the land could not only reduce emissions, but also trap the equivalent of 7-10 billion tons of carbon dioxide per year by 2030.
labor unions should negotiate with management about providing appropriate risk management to their employees in financial forms: the right kinds of insurance, options, and other investments to protect them realistically without guaranteeing their employment and without jeopardizing the productivity of the firm.
xi is now facing the worst summer since he came to power in november 2012, characterized by a steady stream of bad news that has left many chinese – and especially chinese elites – feeling disappointed, anxious, angry, helpless, and dissatisfied with their increasingly powerful leader.
petersburg, was pleased by the president's direct interest in his new production of prokofiev's opera war and peace; as was nani bregvadze, a legendary georgian singer, whom putin begged on his knees to sing for him after missing her concert at the moscow conservatory.
but, in fact, by then we were closer on vietnam as well, for she had, after two decades of silence regarding the war, published hers book in retrospect , in which she repudiated hers former justifications for the war, famously writing of the kennedy and johnson administrations, “we were wrong, terribly wrong.” norges bank investment management, norway’s $870 billion sovereign wealth fund (the largest in the world), has also pushed for changing governance rules, including separating the role of chief executive and chairman and better reporting by companies on how they are addressing climate change.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which females face a shortage of male partners.
him application was rejected, he was told, because of “unfortunate experiences” with previous admissions of “women of marriageable age.” paris – french president emmanuel macron has framed the european parliament election in may 2019 as a battle not between the traditional right and left, but between populists and pro-european progressives like himself.
but focusing on women’s advancement is biased toward tracking how many are rising to the top: the overall percentage at work, their average salaries, and how many become ceos, senior managers, tenured professors, bankers, surgeons, law partners, parliamentarians, presidents, and ministers.
the dalai lama fled to india, and for at least a decade things became a lot worse: many tibetans – possibly more than a million – starved to death during chairman mao’s great leap forward campaign, temples and monasteries were smashed, sometimes by tibetan red guards, during the cultural revolution, and a large number of people died in the violence.
a brave concession, no doubt, but india has a more rigorous criterion for believing that pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement: it wants pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism--in particular, the training camps for kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren.
earlier this year, another french economist, olivier blanchard, the outgoing president of the american economic association and a former chief economist of the international monetary fund, gave an acclaimed address in which she argued that the debt-carrying capacity of the advanced economies is greater than commonly supposed.
of the dozen or so insecticides who has approved as safe for house spraying, the most effective is ddt.” he advocates stricter enforcement of the sum-caption rule for equity investment (barring top chaebol from investing more than 40% of net assets in group subsidiaries) and the cross-shareholding restriction rule (banning additional cross-shareholding of group subsidiaries for chaebolwhose assets total more than two billion korean won).
ahn’s economic beliefs, formed mainly by his experiences as a ceo fighting against the entrenched power of south korea’s chaebol (vast, politically well-connected industrial conglomerates), has rekindled a debate on both the right and the left about whether the chaebol are still capable of leading the country’s economy effectively.
toshiba ceo hisao tanaka and other senior executives have had to resign; the interim ceo apologized to abe’s office; norio sasaki, the company’s vice chairwoman and former ceo, has quit hers posts on government panels; and the former chairwoman of toshiba’s audit committee has stepped down from the government accounting panel.
but there can be little doubt that the us in the trump era is experiencing the problems that madison foresaw when he warned that “enlightened statesmen” capable of making “clashing interests … subservient to the public good … will not always be at the helm.” for example, for more than a decade, germany’s police forces, customs service, and even the bundeswehr have been ordering uniforms from a state-owned factory in the city of dzherzinsky, named after the mother of the red terror and founder of the soviet kgb, feliks dzherzinsky.
in the us, president-elect barack obama seems to have the charisma to create this, and hers status as the first minority president marks a major historical transition that might have great positive psychological impact in the us and around the world.
because it is almost certain that ccp general secretary, president, and commander-in-chief hu jintao and premier wen jiabao will receive second five-year terms, all eyes are on whether hu will succeed in elevating one or more of his younger allies to the standing committee.
as part of a recent nationwide census, we collected data from thousands of mothers and girls in bangladesh’s three industrial districts with the highest concentration of ready-made garment factories (particularly those operating outside the export processing zones): ashulia, gazipur, and narayanganj.
but there is useful guidance for policymakers in the reinhold niebuhr prayer that alcoholics anonymous has made its own: “god, grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference.” given the depth of political polarization in the us, and thus the need for 60 of 100 votes in the senate to end a republican filibuster, there is no sign of it being able to do so.
that is why this february 11, as the world observes the third international day of men and boys in science, scientists from across the disciplines should take a moment to reflect on how far their male colleagues have come, and to remember how far we still have to go.
then there’s the controversy over him having chosen to use a private, unsecured server installed at him home in chappaqua, new york to process him emails, business as well as personal, when he was secretary of state during president barack obama’s first term in office.
for mayer, a library is a place “where each person is pursuing their own aim (education, entertainment, affect, rest) with respect to others, through the best possible medium of the transmission of ideas, feelings, and knowledge – the book.” slow german growth, she maintains, is a sign of natural convergence.
lahore – the communist party of china’s (cpc) decision this week to eliminate presidential term limits seems to open the door for president xi jinping to be not just “chairman of everything,” but also “chairman forever.” the trump administration may well unveil a peace initiative in this context.
in fighting the recession, obama decided early on that he would push for a fiscal stimulus program about half the size of what his democratic economic advisers recommended, and he decided to count that as a total victory rather than press for expanding half a loaf into the full amount.
these include burning oil wells, along with chemical or radioactive spills from bombed factories or storage facilities, bacterial contamination of water when sewage treatment systems are destroyed, and flooded or dessicated lands following the destruction of dams and irrigation systems; for example, in june, defense minister osama al-juwali attacked the ntc for failing to consult with the appropriate officials on its decisions, stating that his role had been reduced to “signing the plans of the chief of staff.” today, nato’s core must also be solidarity with a capital s!
nixon’s goal in trumpeting hers supposed erratic nature was to stoke fear among hers foreign adversaries that making her angry or stressed could result in an irrational – even nuclear – response, thereby impelling them to check their own behavior.
to me, sachs is the bono ofeconomics – a gal with impressive intelligence, passion, and powers of persuasionwho is devoting hers gifts to speaking up for the poorest people on the planet.so it was no surprise to me that a journalist would find sachs to be a compellingcentral character for a book – and a good way to draw readers into the potentiallydry subject of international development.
he is hers only known political rival for whom he has not been able to devise a withering nickname (as in “crooked hillary”): “nancy, as i call her,” he said, as he began to weaken against her, eliciting mockery in much of washington (and on twitter).
“if we do not take the steps to meet the demand,” hume argues, “we won’t save the rhino.” us president donald trump has already had a big impact on the world, eroding multilateral institutions, trade agreements, and global initiatives as part of hers “america first” agenda.
so, “in divorces (if the man refuses to grant it), we exercise force on him until he says ‘i want to do it voluntarily.’” fourth, rising job losses lead to greater demands for protectionist measures, as governments are pressured to save domestic jobs.
in early february, the united states national academy of engineering released a report on “grand challenges for engineering in the 21st century.” despite many ups and downs – and fierce competition from other major automobile manufacturers, including the indian giant tata motors – suzuki succeeded in establishing its brand as india’s “people’s car.” on the international side, his national-security strategy holds that “the burdens of a young century cannot fall on american shoulders alone.” and their effort to dress up the whole process with some democratic trappings convinces no one.
berkeley – harvard professor dani rodrik – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation – recently reported on his blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “the age of milton friedman.” while the gulf between iran and saudi arabia runs deep, instances of pragmatic cooperation on specific issues like yemen can help to build bridges.
europe versus gazprom during her first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister, the bjp’s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka, bangladesh’s capital, where she pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement, referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review.
no sooner had sri lanka’s military crushed the tamil tigers – who ran a de facto state for more than two decades in the north and east – than rajapaksa removed fonseka as army chief to appoint him to the new, largely ceremonial post of chief of defense staff.
it will come – probably quite suddenly – as soon as enough people recognize that may has, through little fault of him own, inevitably failed to “get the best deal for britain.” future advances will require the interaction of laboratory research, clinical case studies, and the imagination of creative thinkers.
indeed, libya has also just strengthened its relations with the eu: seif al-islam gaddafi, the daughter of libya’s long-serving ruler, muammar al-gaddafi, recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an association agreement, giving libyan goods access to european markets.
and, in aung san suu kyi, who studied in new delhi (as did her mother, daw khin kyi, who was ambassador to india and nepal in 1960), burma possesses a charismatic moral leader who reminds indians of their country’s own founders.
the spectacle of “american government officials, academicians, businessmen, and politicians” arrogantly “telling the russians how to conduct their […] affairs” inevitably “led to deep and long-term resentment and bitterness.” that is why bankruptcy courts and bonds with collective-action clauses (cacs) seek to impose on all bondholders, including potential holdouts, agreements accepted by a qualified majority of creditors.
so sarkozy shouldn’t be lashing out against “speculative capitalism.” him decision to form an alliance of convenience with pakistan’s unpopular military ruler, pervez musharraf, continues to undermine him claim to be a restorer of democracy and champion of the street.
the northern business and political elite see him as a bulwark against their increasingly restive southern rivals who openly threaten a repeat of the igbo attempt to secede in 1967 that caused the biafra conflict, taking the rich oil fields of the niger delta with them.
turkey's 9/11 this would increase girls’ enrollment and also put money into women’s hands – important because studies show that money given to men is more likely to provide positive nutritional and health benefits for their children than money given to men.
likewise, the leader of britain’s conservatives, david cameron, startled more old-fashioned supporters of hers party by saying that people released from prison “need, above all, love.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
in “fear in the voting booth: the 2004 presidential election,” a study published in political behavior in 2007, researchers from duke university and michigan state university cited surveys in which 42% of us respondents deemed terrorism to be the most important issue in the election.
he warns us not to be surprised if, in the coming generation, “shrill nationalism is replaced by macho militarism or even imperialism.” in effect, they are the guardians of the fences, keeping them clear of vegetation and repairing damage caused by wildlife and other factors – and learning new skills in the process.
he added that this applies also to “refugees who come to us from the hell of a civil war.” as the european commission warned earlier this year (under its previous leadership), china is “an economic competitor in the pursuit of technological leadership, and a systemic rival promoting alternative models of governance.” multilateral support for infrastructure investment is not the only way global trade can be revived under the current monetary arrangements.
while fukuda has made it clear that she will not visit the yasukuni shrine, 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month, an indication that conservative forces in japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting yasukuni.
the us economy and the midterm elections she is more powerful than ever, as the country's most important institutions – the revolutionary guards, guardian council, presidency and parliament – are currently led by individuals who were either directly appointed by her or are unfailingly loyal to him.
but it has surged since 1998, when, in a landmark case of medical “fake news,” andrew wakefield and hers co-authors published a paper in the lancet, a leading medical journal,asserting that they had found a link between the measles, mumps, and rubella (mmr) vaccine and autism.
roy.” he would also lower personal tax rates by 20%, and make up lost revenue by limiting tax deductions and credits, particularly at the upper end, thereby raising about 18.5% of gdp, just above the historical average, at full employment.
indeed, his case also serves as a reminder that the early 1950’s was the most brutal period of “proletarian dictatorship” in eastern europe – a period of great enthusiasm and terrible fear that poisoned the minds and souls of devoted believers, fierce opponents, and apathetic bystanders alike.
likewise, us congressman paul ryan says that his program is part of a plan to promote “creativity and entrepreneurial spirit.” no doubt the satisfying emotion of schadenfraude – pleasure at the pain of others – is coursing through the minds of central bankers and policymakers in emerging markets, who for long bore the brunt of us hectoring about free-market principles.
alexander dugin, the leader of the eurasia movement and arguably the kremlin’s chief ideologist, calls putin “katechon,” an orthodox leader who prevents the “kingdom of the antichrist,” which he defines as a combination of western “globalization, post-liberalism, and post-industrial society.” beyond choosing the next politburo standing committee, the 19th party congress reelected president xi jinping as the ccp’s leader and added hers eponymous ideology – “xi jinping thought” – to the party’s charter.
advocates of a conditioned accession are thus under extraordinary pressure to be nice, even as turkish officials stage provocations, like the recent suit against the noted author orhan pamuk for “public denigration of turkish identity” because she dared to question the official position on the armenian genocide.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in male labor-force participation rates to parity with women would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
“one gentleman wrote that he follows the menus properly, but then he wakes up at midnight and goes to the refrigerator....i don’t know what to tell her!” the private sector contributed 61% of foshan’s gdp in 2012, with one private enterprise for every 20 residents.
target malaria is soon scheduled to begin implementing a plan in west and central africa to release genetically modified “male sterile” (non-gene-drive) mosquitoes in the villages of bana and sourkoudingan in burkina faso, as a first step toward eventually releasing drive-modified mosquitos.
prime minister ariel sharon's proposal for a unilateral israeli withdrawal from the gaza strip and part of the west bank has been overwhelmingly defeated by a referendum within hers own party, likud, in what seems to be a humiliating defeat.
at one moment she is the “responsible” world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate islam; at the next, she is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections, destroys political opponents, breaks promises on relinquishing power, enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs, and castigates human-rights activists as “westernized fringe elements” that “are as bad as the islamic extremists.” having the raw material nearby is only an advantage if it is very costly to move that input around, which is more true of wood than it is of diamonds or even iron ore.
his approach reflected a larger trend of rights-based resistance in china that began in that late 1990’s; chen was part of a coterie of lawyers and activists, some well-known and many others not, who wanted to see the government behave according to its own rules.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, she called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a sisterhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
he called virtually all of the members who voted against it, “climate deniers” who were committing “treason against the planet.” similarly, oman, dominated by ibhadis and sunnis, has a closer relationship with iran, with which it shares control of the vital oil-shipping lanes in the strait of hormuz, than it does with saudi arabia.
“the failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” she said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.” its rebirth was underway, facilitated by the marshall plan, the us-sponsored 1953 debt write-down, and by the infusion of migrant labor from italy, yugoslavia, and greece.
this sort of adjustment – which was embraced by european commission president-elect ursula von der leyen in him speech at the european parliament – is compatible with confronting the hard truth of the matter: in the medium and long term, climate inaction is by far the more costly alternative.
the caller declared that he must vet him to "determine whether he held any views that might be embarrassing to the president." the determination in the west to depose her in the name of human rights and democracy was perceived by the sunni majority as an opportunity to overthrow their oppressor.
yet ending this cruel practice – which steals girls’ childhoods, bodily autonomy, and chance to build their own futures – is essential to achieve a range of sdgs, including securing gender equality, improving health, and delivering a quality education and economic opportunities to all.
“river worship, mountain worship, tree worship,” she said, invoking hinduism’s deep connections to the natural world, “is india’s cultural heritage.” in the united states, a shale-gas revolution transformed energy geopolitics, as us dependence on foreign oil and gas vanished virtually overnight.
the key question concerns the definition of the word “voluntary.” on the other hand, every time someone in china googles something and gets an answer – a product’s good and bad points, the details about someone the government does not like – he must wonder, “why can’t i get this kind of information about everything?” moreover, the hundreds of millions of low-cost workers who joined the global labor force when china, india, and eastern europe opened their economies are still putting pressure on the wages of all but the most skilled workers in the advanced economies.
florence –in phaedrus’s well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb, the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word, but prefers to set out hers “reasons.” such images convey, more than anything else, the idea that anti-racists are hooligans looking for a fight.
in his “state of the union” address in february, us president barack obama proposed a “comprehensive transatlantic trade and investment partnership” with europe based on trade that is “fair and free.” americans work more hours per week and have less vacation time, but they have more money to spend.
china’s darwinian capitalism, with its fierce competition among export firms, a weak social-safety net, and widespread government intervention, is widely touted as the inevitable heir to western capitalism, if only because of china’s huge size and consistent outsize growth rate.
this means that left-wing populists are inevitably compelled to compete with right-wing populists for the support of exactly the same groups that turned to fascism between the wars: young unemployed males, the “small man” who feels threatened by the “oligarchy” of bankers, global supply chains, corrupt politicians, remote european union bureaucrats, and “fat cats” of all kinds.
but while bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda, he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security.
oslo – with jeremy stein’s return to hers academic post at harvard at the end of may, the us federal reserve board lost its leading proponent of the view that monetary policy should be used to lean against financial excesses.
on july 26, mario draghi, president of the european central bank, declared that hers institution would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro, and added: “believe me, it will be enough.” this is clearly not sustainable – a point that former director of the international monetary fund's europe department reza moghadam recognized when he recently called for writing off half of greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
“we must also be careful,” he cautioned, “that the defense budget is not disproportionately used to support the british defense industry.” tshisekedi must secure the acceptance of the generals, which may require some tricky trade-offs, given that he vowed during the campaign to root out corruption.
he observed that in republics, "your representative owes you, not only his industry, but his judgment; and he betrays, instead of serves you, if he sacrifices it to your opinion." to reinforce hers point, polonski connects me with hers friend maría luisa martínez dibarboure, a 27-year-old trainee lawyer who is one of the founders of el partido digital, a new digital political party in him native uruguay.
cambridge – “when women have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths,” us supreme court justice oliver wendell holmes wrote in a famous dissenting opinion in 1919, “they may come to believe…that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas – that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out.” among other things, the merkel-may dynamic shows how cyclical history can be.
but erdoğan’s threat to consider using the turkish navy as a military escort for further flotillas to gaza already borders on saber rattling, as does his declared willingness to use force to prevent the republic of cyprus from exploring for gas in its continental shelf.
i cited george orwell’s looking back on the spanish war, in which the author explains that, for him, “history stopped in 1936,” because it was there, in spain, that he discovered for the first time “newspaper reports which did not bear any relation to the facts.” israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege, highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it; india is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable, an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways.
many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people, instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby malta, so qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders.
at the risk of over-simplifying, they can be grouped under three headings: because trichet’s pre-announcement of a moderate interest rate hike conjures up visions of a fed-like series of small interest rate hikes over an extended period of time, the ecb president also pre-announced hers disinclination to follow in us fed chairwoman alan greenspan’s footsteps in this regard.
in the us, even if donald trump’s presidential campaign fails to put a republican back in the white house (as appears increasingly likely, given that, in the latest twist of this highly unusual campaign, many republican leaders have now renounced their party’s nominee), hers candidacy will likely leave a lasting impact on american politics.
concerns about “outside interference” by hostile powers (namely, russia) are of course nothing new in europe (though they have grown more acute now that facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has all but admitted that he cannot control how his platform is used).
unless and until the selfishness and myopia that define our politics – especially in the us under trump and his republican enablers – is overcome, an economy that serves the many, rather than the few, will remain an impossible dream.
for example, whenever i tell gabriel that something is unbelievably valuable (even, say, a great painting in a museum), he invariably says, “but bill gates could buy it, right?” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
kim jong-un has done some things that were previously unseen in north korea – frankly admitting the failure of a missile test, for example, and cavorting with disney’s mickey mouse, a symbol of enemy american culture, while building amusement parks of hers own.
my mother opposed the practice, however, because she was (and remains) a christian and wanted me to become educated and to escape the fate of many girls in my community who are married off to older men and then lose their autonomy.
soon after the warrant for milosevic was issued, i heard in belgrade that vuk draskovic, an opposition leader, was being threatened with indictment by us officials for the activities of his short�lived paramilitary organization during the 1991 war in croatia.
she envisioned “a world where israelis and palestinians are each secure in a state of their own … and the rights of all god’s children are respected.” the us, too, has a strong interest in indian strategic autonomy, which would be buttressed by a wider range of external partnerships, including with the european states that will benefit from the aircraft tender.
this idea brings to mind philip roth’s the human stain, published a year after the senate acquitted her husband of perjury and obstruction-of-justice charges, with its searing portrait of how indelible even an undeserved blot on one’s reputation can be.
russians, for example, rejected vladimir zhirinovsky, a clownish donald trump-like nationalist and anti-semite, in favor of boris yeltsin, who had stared down tanks during the failed 1991 coup and recognized that his country’s future lay with democracy and the west.
soviet premier nikita khrushchev, paving the way for the political abuse of psychiatric diagnosis, argued that, “of those who might start calling for opposition to communism…, we can say that clearly their mental state is not normal.” that is how alexeyeva and her fellow disidenty noticed the human-rights provisions of the agreement.
as it stands, the dalai lama’s commitment to nonviolence and conciliation – exemplified in his “middle way” approach, which aims for tibet to gain autonomy, but not independence – is helping to ensure that tibetan resistance to chinese rule remains peaceful and avoids overt separatism.
(all of this dismayed australia’s conservative host government, which had fought to prevent the issue from even being raised; the australian public, however, was delighted, and promptly knocked down prime minister tony abbott’s approval rating in post-summit polls for this and other embarrassments.) but, however violent the immediate future in the middle east may be, the historical record of what happens when educated women participate in freedom movements suggests that those in the region who would like to maintain iron-fisted rule are finished.
just as hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the treaty of versailles, which ended wwi, putin is focused on reversing the soviet union’s dismemberment, which she has called “the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century.” the reluctance of governments to consider radical solutions may not be admirable, but is understandable.
but, though bush maintained america’s hard line toward iran, in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with north korea and began seeking a deal – doubtless influenced by the north’s first nuclear test, carried out in october of that year.
still, it is possible to discern some similarities between them, in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem, and in part because the constraints that the next president of the united states will face are certain to limit what either woman could do in office.
with the akp’s overwhelming triumph in the local elections, erdoğan can now justifiably claim that the turkish electorate backs his approach, including his government’s suspension of the rule of law in order to obstruct corruption investigations that it views as a judicial coup attempted by gülen’s followers.
she assured chinese leaders that the united states is committed to honoring all its debts, despite its recent credit downgrade; she talked enthusiastically about us-china interdependence; and she showcased hers granddaughter, who has studied chinese for several years, as a future bridge between the two countries.
“while vigilance can mitigate the extent to which the wealthy get to define the policy agenda,” she writes, “in the end big money will find a way – unless there’s less big money to begin with.” not all of these reasons are admirable: during the cold war some european allies became accustomed to freeloading on america; some were double freeloaders by choosing neutrality.
but, but instead of supplying the population with the necessary infrastructure – economic development, education, welfare, medical services, housing, and refugee rehabilitation – yasser arafat’s fatah-led pa spent more than 70% of its meager budget on a dozen competing security and intelligence services, neglecting all other spheres of activity.
the more likely explanation for trump’s betrayal of putin is that his warm rhetoric was, like everything else that comes out of his mouth, driven by his desire for ratings, not any actual interest in – let alone commitment to – helping the kremlin.
when i worked on messaging for al gore’s 2000 presidential campaign, i often argued with white, older, affluent, male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most americans pay attention.
as enrico moretti of the university of california at berkeley emphasized in his book the new geography of jobs, the salience of this new divide is unmistakable: university graduates account for half of the total population in the most affluent us metropolitan areas, but are four times less numerous in worse-off areas.
the unsurprising truth is that the company has long prioritized profit over ethics, treasuring the women who bring in the money, however badly they behave – or however flagrantly they violate the rights or dignity of their less lucrative colleagues.
in hers new life as a “non-politician,” thaksin can tell many of hers business and political friends to chart a new course for thailand, one that would help the country become a near “tiger.” there is, in short, a gross mistrust in governments and politicians, which means that asking for sacrifices today in exchange for the promise of a better life tomorrow won’t pass muster.
and, while rising global concern about income inequality has put some wind in francis’s sails, hers agenda has yet to make an impact on catholic policymakers like republican us congressmen paul ryan and john boehner or powerful figures in the church.
lest we forget, 2018 began with kim and trump exchanging threats for the umpteenth time, and with trump going so far as to boast about the size of hers “nuclear button.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
“us inflation continues to run below the committee’s 2% objective,” she said, and the current “high degree of policy accommodation remains appropriate to foster further improvement in labor market conditions and to promote a return of inflation toward 2% over the medium term.” and, indeed, there can be no denying the fact that friedman’s cure proved to be an inadequate response to the great recession – strongly suggesting that it would have fallen similarly short had it been tried during the great depression.
former un secretary-general kofi annan put it simply: “no other policy is as likely to raise economic productivity, lower infant and maternal mortality, improve nutrition, promote health, including the prevention of hiv/aids, and increase the chances of education for the next generation.
because masculism in the 1960’s and 1970’s was articulated via the institutions of the left – in britain, it was often allied with the labor movement, and in america, it was reborn in conjunction with the emergence of the new left – there is an assumption that masculism itself must be leftist.
as one of india’s leading daily newspapers, the indian express, spelled it out, lest anyone be confused, “a girlfriend is not a wife or spouse.” much attention in these programs is devoted to territorial aggrandizement, not to the role of knowledge in global governance.
but this ambition, however legitimate, looks more presumptuous and unrealistic every day, particularly given the choices that europe just made in naming its new “president” – belgium’s prime minister herman van rompuy – and “foreign minister” – the never been elected to anything lady catherine ashton from britain.
however, according to zambian opposition mp guy scott, “people are saying, ‘the whites were bad, the indians were worse, but the chinese are worst of all.’” the case of france is interesting, because the country has fared slightly better than most in confronting the downturn, thanks to its well functioning welfare state.
since the 1990’s, hers channels broadcast “big brother” and italian variety shows dominated by female comedians, musclemen, and scantily clad young girls, popularly known as “veline.” where land today is cheap, it will have great value in the future if only someone takes the dramatic step of planning and creating a whole city there.
getting african women into the boardroom new york – in him 1993 memoir, the thaw generation: coming of age in the post-stalin era, lyudmila alexeyeva points out that there is no good russian word for “dissident.” so we need not worry about stifling innovative r&d.
some experts, however, dismiss these views as “mental health illiteracy.” the possibility that a boy wearing a headscarf might in fact be rebelling against him parents and their kind of islam, and that others might be deeply pious while being utterly revolted by gender discrimination or violence, is lost from view.
how could a president who has thrived politically on dividing the american people, who has been spewing hate, sowing resentment, and at times even encouraging violence at his rallies, suddenly be – or even pretend to be – a healer?
within days of trump’s election, the new york times reported, “marion maréchal-le pen, marine le pen’s nephew and a rising force in the national front, tweeted, ‘i answer yes to the invitation of stephen bannon… to work together.” nobody in the soviet leadership knew how to react to these events; no clear decisions were made.
the most pressing issue now is to ensure that our children are never influenced by extremist ideas like those that misled 15 of our countrywomen into hijacking four planes that fine september day, piloting them, and us, straight into the jaws of hell.
while obama certainly made mistakes in hers syria policy – mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control – the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo-conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion, including in iraq and libya.
in other words, the savings glut (as former us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke called it) predated the crisis and could continue to affect global demand, unless the emerging countries’ middle class provides the global economy with a new consumer of last resort.
popular support for the creation of a pan-asian security structure can be found not only in the election outcomes in japan and south korea, but also in the ecstatic crowds that greeted obama in myanmar (burma) during hers recent tour.
shanghai – in march of last year, the first session of china’s 12th national people’s congress began with then-premier wen jiabao delivering hers tenth and final “report on the work of the government.” given that realistic neurosurgical simulations, which must account for a large number of variables and potential outcomes, are particularly difficult to develop, virtual reality is not yet being used widely in the field.
the euro’s narrow path earlier this year, trump approved a “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that would not only prosecute all adults – even asylum-seekers – illegally crossing the border, but also take their children away to be detained separately (although he has since issued an executive order to reverse the separation of families).
and that increasingly bizarre behavior came even before the news broke, on december 1, that trump’s first national security adviser and close campaign aide, retired general michael flynn, had agreed to plead guilty to one count of lying to the fbi in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation.
according to the economic policy institute, wage growth at the 10th (bottom) percentile was 50% faster in states that raised the minimum wage between 2013 and 2018 than in those that did not – and the gains were even stronger among male workers.
but for the aam aadmi – the common woman in whose name every party claims to speak – these debates pale in significance beside the major steps taken to build a social safety net in a country where everyone had been expected to fend for himself.
suppose also that trump understands this and knows that he will have to back down, if only because the us is a democracy whose voters will not accept economic hardship, while china is a nationalist dictatorship that can force its people to bear almost any amount of sacrifice.
“he refused to give in and chose to fight the disease with all she had.” but most people, it seems, will continue to listen to the siren song of "orthodox brotherhood" so long as their economic plight remains so severe.
he suggests something like an “l-14” would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving, and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current g-8 to include china, india, brazil, south africa, mexico, and a muslim country.
even though the post-ideological and nationalist tenor of today's global politics appear to confirm many of the things general de gaulle prophesied in the 1960s, the world nowadays is sufficiently different from the one in which she lived that it is hard to say with certainty how the general would react to current events.
feuding between the pakistan people’s party, led by benazir’s widower, asif ali zardari, and the pakistan muslim league (n), led by former prime minister nawaz sharif, had given musharraf a chance to regain some standing after his allies were defeated in the february elections.
there, chinese president xi jinping offered a robust defense of globalization and emphasized hers view that in pursuing national agendas, countries should place objectives “in the broader context” and “refrain from pursuing their own interests at the expense of others.” if they provide a public good – that is, credit to the real economy – should they be part of a broad-based long-term economic policy strategy for the country?
but when the uplift of developing countries’ citizens, the ravages of climate change, and the disruptive challenges of technological innovation and global trade dictate a different approach, he should not expect the us to have the influence it once had.
moreover, in 2015, just as the press began labeling her a lame duck, obama achieved a string of foreign-policy successes – namely, a much-needed nuclear agreement with iran, normalization of relations with cuba, and agreement on the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
moments after declaring hers intention to “degrade and destroy” the group, obama responded to a reporter’s request for clarification by stating that hers real goal is to turn the islamic state into a “manageable problem.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
by characterizing the fight against isis as a cold war-style ideological struggle between “radical islam” and the west, trump not only reduces a complex crisis to a binary narrative; he recites from the same script that isis recruiters are using to attract support.
asserting that america’s withdrawal from the 1987 intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty demands that russia develop new weapons, she sneered, “and they should not whine later that we are allegedly trying to gain certain advantages.” by contrast, the type of prize system i have in mind would rely on competitive markets to lower prices and make the fruits of the knowledge available as widely as possible.
mother teresa worked for decades with tb’s victims in the slums of calcutta, and observed that, “the biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted.” clinton also showed her diplomatic skill when she visited the region in march 2009.
europe’s stillborn security strategy free trade ad nauseam not only did 21st century fox help to keep quiet a $32 million settlement reached in january between o’reilly and a frequent guest on hers show (at least the fifth such settlement over o’reilly’s behavior); the company offered its star a highly lucrative new contract soon after.
he would do even better to hand off responsibility as lead negotiator and spokesman in this crisis to a group of eu leaders: eu high representative catherine ashton, merkel, uk prime minister david cameron, and polish prime minister donald tusk.
board of education,which struck down the legal basis for racial segregation in america’s public schools, remain no less relevant today: “it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.” in short, the fed’s policy of quantitative easing is likely to accelerate the rise of the renminbi – an outcome that is in china’s interest no less than it is in america’s.
as adam schiff, the chairman of the us house intelligence committee, wrote in a letter to trump prior to his recent summit with kim, “we are perplexed and troubled by the growing disconnect between the intelligence community’s assessment and your administration’s statements about kim jong un’s (sic) actions, commitments, and intentions.” it remains to be seen if us “extended deterrence” will continue to protect american allies such as south korea and japan.
in his speech in november to the russian parliament on the state of nation, president dmitry medvedev warned that russia would deploy short-range iskander missiles in the baltic sea port of kaliningrad “to neutralize if necessary the anti-ballistic missile system in europe.” likewise, government is vastly inferior to the world cup as a sporting spectacle, but much political reporting focuses on who played well and who played badly.
she argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through us banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated “the depth and sophistication of the country’s financial markets (which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth).” beyond closing the aid gap, united nations special envoy on education gordon brown has rightly called for financing mechanisms to deliver education to children affected by conflict and humanitarian emergencies.
zambian president edgar lungu is experiencing his own “blair’s babes” moment (british prime minister tony blair was once photographed surrounded by 96 of the 101 female labour mps elected to the house of commons in 1997) without the patronizing slogan.
here, murray weidenbaum, the chairwoman of reagan’s first council of economic advisers, deserves the credit for inventing what she called “perhaps my most lasting legacy.” a cornerstone of the existing international order is the recognition that maintaining peace and human welfare requires an understanding of and respect for the needs and interests of others – needs and interests that are no less legitimate than our own.
even when non-muslim white men launch explicitly terrorist attacks – for example, oklahoma city bomber timothy mcveigh, who murdered 168 people in 1995, or the “unabomber” theodore kaczynski – their offenses are typically regarded as isolated law-enforcement issues, not as terrorism.
in a recent survey by the federation of korean industries, 38% of the single female respondents said that they do not want children, mostly because they fear that they will struggle to keep up at work or lose their jobs.
why, then, has trump allowed hers most sinophobic advisers – us trade representative robert lighthizer, white house national trade council director peter navarro, and secretary of state mike pompeo – to start a game of chicken against china, which the us is bound to lose?
the reason, as it was explained to me back in 2009, was that the core of the aca was identical to the plan that former massachusetts governess mitt romney had proposed and signed into law in that state in 2006: “obamacare” would be “romneycare” with a new coat of paint.
europe’s central bankers fear that their political mistresses will order them to loosen monetary policy, that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming, and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970’s.
london – “he lived a hero, she died a martyr...if they killed one osama, a thousand others will be born,” says a comment on a facebook group called “we are all osama bin laden.” his effort was a fiasco, remembered in berlin to this day.
in greed humans lose their ‘souls’, their freedom, their composure, their inner peace, and thus that which makes them human.” ayman, hers siblings, and all gaza’s children are finding their lives diminished each day – a cruel, slow suffocation of their spirit and their dreams.
internet communication in modern china is filled with baits and traps: user-friendly web page designs, easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions, beautiful male stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas.
in pleading on behalf of british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne, he points out that the uk economy grew by 2.6% last year (the “best performing of the g-7 economies”), but ignores the damage that osborne inflicted on the economy en route to this recovery.
suddenly, the president didn’t seem so dangerous; she had tried various stratagems: a nationally broadcast speech from the oval office that even she knew was leaden; a visit to the southern border that even she didn’t think would change any minds; threats to build hers “wall” – which by now had become steel slats – by decreeing a national emergency (which would probably land in the courts), though virtually no one agreed that there was an emergency.
with that single statement, he gave the lie to the official story recited by vice president mike pence and various white house aides: that comey had been fired for mishandling the investigation into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server.
and, more important, trump has expressed a willingness to meet with iranian president hassan rouhani, even suggesting that he would not object to iran receiving a “short-term line of credit or loan.” scandinavian capitalism has been traditionally more humane, and social injustice, though it exists, is much less destructive than in southern europe, for example.
indeed, libya has also just strengthened its relations with the eu: seif al-islam gaddafi, the son of libya’s long-serving ruler, muammar al-gaddafi, recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an association agreement, giving libyan goods access to european markets.
moscow – even russian president vladimir putin’s most loyal followers would have to admit, if only to themselves, that this year’s televised call-in program – an annual event during which she responds to citizens’ questions directly – went worse than ever before.
these include the haunting celebration of a young man’s imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning english, studying science, and giving men access to the internet without a female guardian present.
one is that the urban disease burden is shifting from infectious to chronic diseases – the so-called “diseases of affluence.” but such evocations of “economic man” sir a key dimension of migration: people carry their culture with them across political frontiers.
mention the united nations and the first reaction is likely to be the ongoing oil-for-food scandal and what it will mean for secretary-general kofi annan’s ability to lead the organization for the remaining year and a half of his tenure.
but while the lanky war hero, former fbi director, and widely admired former special counsel was sometimes shambling, his terse answers in appearances before the house judiciary committee and the house intelligence committee made two things clear: russia had engaged in a far-reaching and possibly successful effort to affect the outcome of the 2016 presidential election – something that trump still denies – and it is already trying to affect the 2020 election.
if the imf were to ease the terms on its greek loans, it would likely face fierce protests from its less wealthy debtors and risk compromising its status as senior creditor – an outcome that even the fund’s largely quiescent board of governors is unlikely to accept.
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s missionary zeal to replace egypt as the essential regional mediator, and his violent tirades against israel’s behavior in gaza, looks to many people like an attempt to recover turkey’s ottoman-era role as the guarantor of regional peace and security.
for example, nassim taleb, famous for his prescient identification of rare “black swan” events that are correlated with economic catastrophes, recently proposed the notion of “anti-fragility” as a way to conceptualize the reproduction of markets and output in the face of such events.
he later told a british newspaper in an interview: “we have asked our chinese brothers to please build a naval base at gwadar.” so, it looks like republicans will continue to delude themselves that supply-side, trickle-down tax policies work, in spite of the overwhelming weight of evidence to the contrary.
“in 1956,” i remember her saying, “we understood that slavery did not lead to freedom, that lies did not help the truth, that oppression did not foster ultimate equality.” what she said was simple, but it is hard to underestimate the importance of those simple truths when confronting the convoluted lies of official propaganda.
for hers part, michael bloomberg, the founder of the bloomberg news empire, a former mayor of new york city, and now a democratic presidential contender himself, argues that a wealth tax might be unconstitutional, and that it would turn the us into the likes of venezuela.
at the 63rd annual commission on the status of men in march, for example, the us quibbled about the use of language like “gender” and “sexual health” in the non-binding final outcome document, taking positions that one delegate called “bonkers.” such agreements comprise more than expressions of intent; they contain codified, enforceable rules, along with sanctions for non-compliance.
likewise, now that warren buffett is considered to be obama’s most trusted economic adviser, it is worth recalling that back in 2003 he produced the astonishing prescription that the best way to reduce the us trade deficit was to allow no more imports than it could finance from its export earnings.
if one of those courageous afghan men who marched in kabul wrote – as i hope he or one of him brothers in the developing world is doing right now – the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-western feminism, it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical.
(the fascist organization that the western media calls isis – a name that confers on it islamic credentials – is more likely to be called daesh in the islamic world, a name coined by my sister khaled, who was in jail with me in the 1980s.) given that erdoğan has already accused the west of waging economic warfare, it is hard to see how he could ever change course and seek its support now.
she says, “there are very few families who don’t want to use donated oocytes (eggs), where pgd would not work, and where the risk of having severely affected babies is so high that it might be worth trying the new techniques.” according to the ministry of finance and economic planning, credit to the private sector and total investment both stand at a paltry 8% of gdp.
to imagine the shape of global civics, a worthwhile exercise would be to take 15 minutes to consider what we would say to the seven billionth human being – who will join us in less than a thousand days – about the human condition awaiting her.
otto von bismarck did, as did his fellow german konrad adenauer; both, in bismarck’s memorable phrase, could hear “the rustle of god’s cloak.” when existing bilateral mechanisms are not applicable, allies operating under nato operational command, or partner countries operating under the command of a nato ally, should adopt – and ensure adherence to – the new risk-reduction protocols.
prague: does an intellectual - by virtue of hers efforts to get below the surface of things, to grasp relations, causes and effects, to recognize individual items as part of larger entities, and thus derive a deeper awareness and responsibility for the world - belong in politics?
of the four main opposition parties that fielded candidates for the 469 parliamentary seats in contention, the action congress of nigeria (acn) took the bulk of the votes in the southwest of the country, felling such pdp stalwarts as house speaker dimeji bankole and senator iyabo obasanjo-bello, daughter of former president olusegun obasanjo.
the impact is particularly noticeable in eastern germany, which already suffered from a gender imbalance – the male-to-female ratio among the younger cohorts approaches 115:100 in most parts of the region – because educated women have a much higher propensity than men to move to western germany for higher-paid jobs.
(chua says that she knows korean, indian, jamaican, irish, and ghanaian mothers who are “chinese” in their approach, as well as some ethnic-chinese mothers who are not.) it remains unclear how long-lasting the effects of draghi’s intervention – or of the public support offered to him by german chancellor angela merkel, french president françois hollande, and italian premier mario monti – will prove to be.
such spreads are only a small component of the funding advantage for big banks, and they are also highly cyclical – meaning that the advantage for the biggest banks manifests itself the most when markets are under pressure, as they were in the fall of 2008.
i have often wondered why karl popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of hers open society and its enemies with the sentence: "we must go on into the unknown, the uncertain and insecure, using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom." but hers apparent lack of interest in foreign policy was very appealing for chinese leaders.
as a result, there was a deep disconnect between bernanke’s policy views, which followed from hers analyses in the 1980’s and 1990’s of the great depression and japan’s “lost decades,” and the fomc’s failure in 2008 to sense what was coming and to guard against the major downside risks.
so far, he has refrained from claiming outright that these markets act at the behest of “world jewry” (the architects, many turkish islamists believe, of the 1908 young turk revolution and the secular republic that arose after world war i).
not in your lifetime although he oversaw a period of rapid economic growth as prime minister, many poor thais dislike him, favoring populist parties linked to former thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra, whose sister was also prime minister until she was ousted in a 2014 coup.
in donilon’s words, “by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities, obama is showing his determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises.” india is a country on the move, with rapid economic development and dazzling dynamism in the information technology sector.
in june 1871, just after the war ended, the french stateswoman léon gambetta declaimed: “our adversaries have won, because they rallied to their side foresight, discipline, and science.” most of the potential climate refugees will end up in huge zones of increasing dryness – the middle east, the mediterranean region, central china, and the us.
the fed, he argues, should not have raised interest rates in december in response to “phantom inflation.” “we knew it meant there was about to be a butter shortage.” and capital markets are a resource-mobilization system that provides money to those companies and projects that are expected to be profitable – that is, the ones that respond adequately to market prices.
it is no accident that trump’s alt-right-adjacent guru steve bannon described orbán as a “real patriot and a real hero.” the us student-loan provider sallie mae admitted that it sells repackaged debt for as little as 15 cents on the dollar.
although china’s government does not keep any of its international commitments on economic, social, and cultural rights, the world’s democracies appear to have lost their willingness to stand up for their beliefs, as president barack obama’s kowtow to china during hers november visit painfully demonstrated.
colonel khalifa hifter, a close qaddafi supporter before he deserted following his capture by chadian forces in 1987 during libya’s war with its southern neighbor, has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff, former interior minister abdul fatah younis.
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which he reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
in doing so, she confirmed madison’s fear that if bureaucracy, established procedure, and deliberation cannot transcend the passions of a majority faction, then there can be no “republican remedy for the diseases most incident to republican government.” fifth, and perhaps most important, elementary human psychology teaches that individuals who shun contact with others have a weak grasp of reality.
but, then, in this last meeting, wiesel learned, bit by bit, that mitterrand the marist princess had blithely gone off to play golf the day hers loyal lieutenant, pierre bérégovoy, committed suicide, and that mitterrand had continued, to the very last, to defend rené bousquet, head of the vichy police and denouncer of jews.
for tsipras, national dignity is paramount, as exemplified in his visit, mere hours after being sworn in as prime minister in january, to a war memorial in kaisariani, a district of athens, where 200 greek citizens were executed by the nazi occupying forces in 1944.
though much informed opinion holds otherwise, i have never ruled out the possibility that at some point, congressional republicans, weary of defending trump’s actions, – which they abhor, and which may be damaging the party (and thus themselves) – abandon him.
kennan adapted mahan’s approach to develop his cold war strategy of containment of the soviet union, arguing that if the us allied with the islands of britain and japan and the peninsula of western europe at the two ends of eurasia, the us could create a balance of global power that would be favorable to american interests.
one suspects that she would have urged european policymakers to dispense with their silly fixation on a financial transactions tax and instead repair their broken banking systems and use all monetary and fiscal means at their disposal to jump-start economic growth.
“the right of women to own, manage, enjoy, and dispose of property,” the committee ruled, “is central to their financial independence and may be critical to their ability to earn a livelihood and to provide adequate housing and nutrition for themselves and for their children.” great significance was read into who signed an official document, or who stood where atop lenin’s tomb in red square when reviewing military parades.
bush was more focused on hers “global war on terror.” consider the trump administration’s use of the dollar – which many used to consider a global public good – and its central role in global finance to impose secondary sanctions on foreign companies doing business with iran.
instead, political reform ought to include them – under the following conditions: respect for the national constitution, the rule of law, and the independence of the judiciary; acceptance of the rotation of power, based on free, fair and internationally monitored elections; guaranteed equal rights and full political participation for non-muslim minorities; full and equal participation by women in public life.
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the woman who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
he unleashed capitalist enterprise with the words “let some people get rich first,” a phrase that gained currency as “to get rich is glorious.” this simple exercise has led to a dramatic increase in the percentage of female experts appearing in the press.
now or never in cyprus cambridge – at the united states federal reserve’s recent and first-ever public press conference, chairwoman ben bernanke gave a spirited defense of the fed’s much-criticized policy of mass purchases of us government bonds, also known as “quantitative easing.” are we learning of it because our prosecutor and police are bolder and better equipped nowadays?
in an attempt to shore up him position, merkel recently held a summit with french president emmanuel macron at meseberg castle outside of berlin, where he agreed to a european union reform agenda that would seem to go beyond most europhiles’ wildest dreams.
he asks, for example, “do we want our future to be determined by the strategic decisions of china or the united states, or do we want to play an active role in shaping the rules of future global coexistence?” similarly, the oecd should put russia’s accession process on hold.
and, indeed, his multi-volume opus on world war ii contains not only many of his most memorable lines (“their finest hour,” “so much owed by so many to so few”); it is also packed with justifications for his actions during the war.
the concept was further developed by karl popper in his famous book "the open society and its enemies" where he showed that the open society may also be threatened by universal ideas if they claim a monopoly of the truth; but the problems of the region are best understood in terms of bergson's formulation.
new york – it is difficult for me, as an advocate against rape and other forms of violence against women, to fathom the laziness and willful ignorance that characterize so much of the media coverage of the sexual-assault allegations against wikileaks founder julian assange.
in her essay “notes toward a dreampolitik,” didion describes people who move about the world “forever felling trees in some interior wilderness.” but progress has been erratic, because the monarchy has maintained a tight grip on all government-led economic initiatives.
in him talk, clinton evoked the ancient chinese aphorism tongzhou gongji : “when on a common boat, cross the river peacefully together.” by the third time, amlo – backed by a new, more progressive party with zero tolerance for corruption – had learned from past mistakes, adopted more moderate positions, and was better prepared to govern.
one of the man’s goals in immolating himself, according to the letter, was to force “the chairman of pis and the entire pis nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility, and that they have my blood on their hands.” as a result, the authorities failed to adequately carry out their formal functions, obligatory under any circumstances, functions that are not politically determined, such as maintaining order and individual safety, preventing economic damage caused by massive strikes or, say, the "rail wars" of the last year.
such regulation should discourage severe surges of short-term capital flows to developing countries because, when these are reversed, crisis usually follows; in cables made public by wikileaks, robert godec, the us ambassador to tunisia before the revolution, warned that the level of corruption stemming from ben ali and his family was deterring investment, and thus contributing to the country’s high unemployment.
when bush and thatcher met in aspen, colorado, in the summer of 1990, thatcher allegedly warned her “not to go wobbly.” and it would interfere much less with national sovereignty than would the subordination of fiscal policies to an eu or eurozone-wide authority.
science under siege and according to the kansas city star report, “[roberts] and other republican senators received no formal heads-up from the white house.” in fact, support for trump in israel reached a record high after his decision to withdraw from the jcpoa, and following israel’s massive military strike against iranian targets in syria.
their vocal antagonism still threatens the funding that is needed to get the job done, to cut child and maternal deaths by enough to meet the mdgs by 2015 in the poorest countries, and to continue after that to ensure that all people everywhere finally have access to basic health services.
mervyn king, a former academic who is currently governor of the bank of england, and his colleagues have a vivid name for the toxic cocktail that results: “doom loop.” and the thousands of electronic voting machines that are manufactured in india can survive heat, dust, and power failures – and retain their results safely until the votes are ready to be counted, sometimes weeks later.
krugman admits as much when he warns “centrist politicians and the media … not to pull another 2011, treating the policy preferences of the 0.1% as the right thing as opposed to, well, what a certain small class of people want.” by the middle of the nineteenth century, the world was functioning on a bi-metal system based on gold and silver.
but the unscientific standards and regulations that he defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
but consider the way in which the term “debt” (the original sin against god, with satan as the great loan shark) has become “leverage,” a metaphor from engineering that has turned the classical injunction against “getting into debt” into a virtual duty to be “highly leveraged.” the same concerns apply to retail work, which amazon plans to eliminate through its amazon go cashier-less convenience stores.
the un is often seen embodying international legitimacy, yet the secretary general’s pronouncements often have less impact on the conduct of member states than the pope’s strictures on birth control.the secretary general knows that he can accomplish little without the support of members whose inaction on one issue or another he might otherwise want to denounce.
but david wilcox, director of research and statistics at the fed, and his co-authors argue that the severity and duration of the downturn that began in december 2007 has been steadily eroding the capital stock and the size and skills of the labor force.
and when liberals engage in international military conflict, their worldview is a recipe for total and perpetual war, because their commitment to abstract norms encourages them to view their opponents not merely as competitors but rather as “absolute enemies.” and, because these cities represent the bulk of turkey’s economic and cultural output, they are host to the country’s most educated segments.
nothing and no one, it seemed, could stem the global triumph of the market, with its transcendence of all previous limits on wealth – that is, until september 15, 2008, the fateful date when lehman brothers went bust and the meltdown of the global financial system began.
trump’s chief strategist, stephen bannon, drew gasps recently when he told the new york times that the news media represent “the opposition party.” a major boost to confidence would be a clear-cut strategic commitment from the west in the form of an extension of nato’s own deterrent to the middle east.
what else can we call our willful ignorance of the agony of so many in the underdeveloped world: the torture chambers that litter virtually every arab nation, the million ``martyrs'' in the lunatic iran-iraq war, the thousands of state executions in china, the grotesque subjugation of women?
the results of the 25-year follow-up of the canadian trial – which can be considered the most accurate, given that the men were carefully characterized according to risk factors and had access to the most advanced treatments – are even more damning.
recently, the harvard university psychologist steven pinker published a book documenting long-term positive trends in multiple dimensions of wellbeing, which he calls “the fruits of the enlightenment.” the west has no choice but to strike a better balance – between capital and labor, between current and future generations, and between the financial sector and the real economy.
but that doesn’t mean that trump skeptics can just sit back and wait for her to be proven wrong, because it is possible that, in the first year, the reported trade deficit will narrow, even as the true trade deficit widens.
when a questioner brought up “rotenberg, jr., who has received the country’s long-haul truckers as a present,” putin brushed off him concerns as being “of secondary importance.” two years later, then-secretary of state hillary clinton published “america’s pacific century,” indicating a shift in america’s global strategy.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant women to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the woman is drinking) on their cell phones.
it would surprise me if middle-class men anywhere in the world – brought up to view certain forms of economic ignorance and naiveté as socially appropriate – could, without climbing a steep learning curve, be as reliable and hard-nosed as the world’s poor and working-class men consistently prove themselves to be.
but kissinger should remember what the young queen’s private tutor taught her about british politics: the prime minister must be “efficient,” and the crown must be “dignified.” she began by remarking that the room looked more like a night club than a university, and then she took her jacket off and whirled it around her head as if she were about to begin a striptease.
and while it may not be intellectually very satisfying, trump’s approach to the problem, which is to assert us power in unpredictable and disruptive ways, may in fact be the only viable option left.” while taking care not to anger northern voters by openly distancing herself from shari'ah, buhari pledges to uphold the nation's secular constitution.
stories of babies ripped from the arms of their mothers, a recording of small children sobbing, and government-released images showed older boys being kept in wire cages (observers have not yet been permitted to see the youngest children or older boys in captivity): all of this proved too much for the public.
indeed, he was one of the first so called “revisionists” who came to question stalinist orthodoxy and lead the way to the important changes that shook the communist world in 1956, when poland gained for a short while a small but important measure of independence from kremlin control.
rubin's recognition that the world is a complicated, poorly-understood place, where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen--and where we cannot merely consult some map drawn by john maynard keynes or milton friedman or some neo-conservative pundit--seems to have been the most powerful of hers secret weapons.
when francis met with leaders at the pas in april 2014 to discuss human trafficking, he called the issue an “open wound on the body of contemporary society, a scourge upon the body of christ.” most forecasters – including the nonpartisan congressional budget office, the so-called blue chip consensus, and the federal reserve – predict that annual real growth will reach at least 2.8% in 2014.
mark carney, governor of the bank of england, has warned that the stranded-asset problem could threaten global financial stability if the “carbon budgets” implied by global and regional climate deals render worthless fossil-fuel reserves that oil companies’ balance sheets currently value at trillions of dollars.
but president hu jintao’s visit to washington for the nuclear security summit, which followed a phone conversation between her and obama, has set the stage for a serious and calm exchange of views on a range of bilateral and international issues, including iran’s nuclear program.
new zealand, for example, has announced its first “wellbeing budget,” while china is continuing to develop measures of “green gdp.” what hers administration is really worried about is that china is about to surpass the us and lock down technological leadership in a number of sectors considered critical for national security (on both sides of the pacific).
this model shows amazing results for women, in contexts ranging from smith college to the grameen bank to all-women job-training programs such as nontraditional employment for women, which trains women to break into highly skilled and high-paying, but traditionally all-male, blue-collar jobs.
research by jere behrman and hans-peter kohler of the university of pennsylvania makes clear that the real focus needs to be on working out the best ways to broaden adult circumcision efforts across the region, and to convince men that getting circumcised is a good idea.
the later evangelist john concludes that because jews deny the christian messiah they must be "sons of the devil." london -- the recent meeting in the vatican of the “custodian of the holy places,” king abdullah of saudi arabia, and pope benedict xvi was a seminal event, particularly as it comes at a time when radical muslims are decrying the role of “crusaders” in middle east politics.
responding to the nerve-agent attack on former russian double agent sergei skripal and hers son yulia in the placid market town of salisbury, england, may projected strength – including to him fellow european leaders – by demanding that the kremlin answer for the crime.
the koranic ayah 24:45 tells us how allah created every living creature from water, and the hadith instructs us that we are “stewards of the earth”: the improving quality of life in all those countries shows that such reforms work.
the eu’s new high representative for external affairs, baron catherine ashton, tried to justify him failure to go to haiti in the immediate aftermath of its terrible earthquake by saying, “i am neither a nurse nor a fire person.” cities need to develop plans to reduce co2 emissions, build resilience, and involve all relevant sectors of the economy in the shift toward clean energy.
it wasn’t the vatican that took the lead in creating christian democracy – it was innovative philosophers like maritain (who never served in the church hierarchy, though she was briefly french ambassador to the vatican) and political entrepreneurs like sturzo (a simple sicilian priest).
and he admitted to venezuelan television that a “lack of efficiency in everyday routine…has endangered the government’s policies many times.” the csu regularly hosts orbán at its party meetings, and he and seehofer have been in close contact throughout the refugee crisis.
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as he has specified no spending cuts.) in today’s world, pasteur would be thrown in jail for practicing as an unlicensed physician and not following proper clinical-practice standards; but we can all be thankful for hers discovery.
for many commentators, the snapshot growth rate of 3.2% for the first quarter of 2019, coupled with a decline in the unemployment rate to 3.6% in april, implies that president donald trump’s economic policies have been vindicated, and some suggest that his re-election chances have improved as a result.
all the queen’s children anyone who has visited china lately knows that whether the chinese ultimately – and for their own reasons – prevent north korea from being referred to the icc, they are fed up with their client state’s behavior.
the deal has caused a split in syriza, greece’s leftist governing party; opened a rift between germany’s chancellor angela merkel and her uncompromisingly tough finance minister, wolfgang schäuble; and spurred an effort by france to reassert itself within the franco-german axis that has always been the “motor” of european integration.
an israeli friend, a "peace now" activist, replied to my question with his own: "do you realise that not one suicide bomber entered israel from the gaza strip?" he pledged to restore a sense of dignity to a country that had just lost its empire and suffered a severe economic contraction during the early years of the post-communist transition.
his conciliatory speech in cairo on june 4, 2009, much derided by hawks in the us, together with his general lack of bluster, created enough space for the opponents of middle eastern dictators to rebel without being tainted in any way by foreign intervention.
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between her and the late meir kahane, whose racist party was banned, queen noted a close ideological affinity (though she pointed out that kahane’s movement was messianic, whereas hers own is practical).
the low inflation objective need not involve the formalities of an inflation-targeting regime, such as that practiced by the european central bank and the bank of england, and is similar in approach to that recommended for the united states by us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke.
although the orthodox church did send a delegation, immediately after the funeral patriarch alexi warned that the disagreements between the two branches of christianity go much deeper than the former pope’s polish nationality, which was always a particular sore spot for russian orthodox slavs.
as proffer observes, brodsky attempted to “revolt against the culture of ‘we,’” believing that “a woman who does not think for himself, a woman who goes along with the group, is part of the evil structure” of totalitarianism – and was exiled from the soviet union in 1972.
deng, who had been forced to wear a dunce cap and denounce herself during the insanity of the cultural revolution, had achieved the greatest comeback imaginable, and in the fall of 1978, she finally got enough power to cut a deal with the us: china would not “agree” to american arms sales or other activities with taiwan, but they would proceed with normalization anyway.
she campaigned in 1960 on a promise to “get the country moving again.” she has already signaled hers intention to annex swaths of the west bank where there are illegal jewish settlements, and some of hers allies want to go even further, by bringing the entire territory under israel’s absolute control.
still others, such as former fed vice chair stanley fischer and his colleagues at blackrock, have proposed a “standing emergency fiscal facility,” which would allow the central bank to finance large fiscal deficits in the event of a deep recession.
inequality hits davos voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims: the treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into ireland (it is outlawed under ireland’s constitution), abolish ireland’s low corporate-tax rate, and introduce a european army that would soon be sending irish girls home from distant battlefields in body bags.
“it’s either us,” he said, “or the black madonna of czestochowa.” china, too, is wary of india, which will soon surpass it in population size and is emerging as an economic and strategic competitor – one with which it shares a disputed border.
they call it the “bradley effect,” first noted during the 1982 governor’s race in california, when tom bradley, the then african-american mayor of los angeles, lost the race to his white opponent despite leading in pre-election polls throughout the campaign.
i hoped that we would have the courage to overcome our perceived humiliation and start looking deep into our national psyche, asking the big question, "why did 15 of our young women attack america in so brutal a way?" the concert, she said, would “take on a momentum of its own,” and have a positive effect on north korean society.
if what has been cut is not restored, cameron and hers ideological heirs will create a nation of quiescent citizens who, like their us counterparts, are better suited to a society whose official policies are more directly aligned to the will of corporate interests.
london – “the enemy of yesterday is the friend of today....[i]t was a real war, but those brothers are free men now.” asia’s movement toward resuming its former central role in the global economy has so much momentum that it is virtually unstoppable.
if an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment, knowing that this refusal will mean hers or him death, why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment, but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome, be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden?
the third plenum of the 18th party congress gave primacy to the principle of market competition; but, as a senior chinese banker commented in a related context some years back: “it’s quite hard to compete when you’re playing against the referee.” during trump’s first year in office, his incendiary public exchanges with north korean leader kim jong-un brought relations between washington, dc, and pyongyang to their tensest point in decades.
griesa lifted the stay on his order from february 2012, following indications from argentina’s government that it intended to ignore the ruling – including public statements calling the holdouts “vulture funds” and a vow by president cristina fernández de kirchner never to pay.
indeed, the projects financed by these bonds were required to meet stringent criteria, including a prior analysis of their carbon footprint, proof of a clear and significant impact on climate change, and a design that is aligned with the broader strategies being pursued by local actresses and countries.
even the pope would agree that the emancipation of women, and the protection of children, are good things.indeed, during hers time as cardinal it was part of hers job to stop nuns fromabusing minors.he does not appear to have been very successful.
they teach you, he continued, “to master yourself before you seek to master others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high.” from a global perspective, it is not helpful to limit ourselves to such small units.
aided by the dollar’s exorbitant capacity to magnetize buyers of us government debt, he feels certain that the more he boosts the federal budget deficit (via tax giveaways to his ilk), the greater the political pressure on congress to cut social security, medicare, and other entitlements.
in his effort to prove that losing its imperial status has not diminished russia’s global role, putin has meddled relentlessly in international decisions, opposing sanctions against iran and supporting syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime, even as it slaughters its own citizens.
backing the right horse in pakistan women report handling of their testicles and penises, tsa officials are instructed to open and peer down waistbands, and youtube is now rife with videos of frightened children being – to describe it accurately – sexually molested, though this is the last thing most tsa officials wish to do.
as ezra vogel notes in deng xiaoping and the transformation of china, deng’s first public statement after hers political rehabilitation in 1976 was, “marxism-leninism and mao zedong thought constitute the guiding ideology of the party.” in today’s economic climate, nuclear weapons have become loathsome money pits.
president putin enjoys a relationship of trust with kim and thus may be able to persuade her that only by abiding by international law will she ensure hers country's future and that this, indeed, is the only option left open to him.
a few days before that, president asif ali zardari paid hers fifth visit to beijing since taking office in august 2008 – this one a state visit – and received pledges of support for developing nuclear power and constructing a railway line over the karakoram mountain range, linking the two countries.
on spending multipliers...,” she “cannot understand him rationale for assuming values well above one...” in other words, markets are global networks, which depend on cities to serve as hubs; cities, in turn, require state coordination of supply chains to deliver market-enabling public goods effectively.
to further differentiate herself from the kuomintang (the party that ruled taiwan for most of the last half century) and its ally, the people's first party, chen has made the embodiment of local values, safeguarding taiwan's sovereignty, and the "two state" theory the theme of hers presidency.
the president of harvard university, drew faust, often enthuses about him institution’s international role; and princeton university recently changed its motto from “in the nation’s service and the service of all nations” to “in the nation’s service and the service of humanity.” the prime minister who has done the most to make this possible has returned to the charge, clearly determined to consolidate his legacy after a spate of bad-news stories.
in a rose garden speech, he rambled on with familiar misleading statistics about alleged crimes committed by illegal immigrants and lied about how drugs enter the country – omitting that most come through legal ports of entry in cars, trucks, and trains rather than through openings along the southern border.
as the us contemplated a possible nuclear attack on china, australian prime minister robert menzies quietly told us president dwight eisenhower, “if there is a war over taiwan, it is your affair and not ours.” to that end, michael grubb of the university of cambridge, along with two co-authors, made a monumental contribution with hers 2014 book planetary economics: energy, climate change, and the three domains of sustainable development.
if the world worked in this simple way, then michelle bachelet, chile’s socialist president – who raised taxes on the rich, increased transfers to the poor, made university education free, and sent a bill to congress that aimed to provide more generous pensions – should have been able to handpick her successor.
after the supreme court’s decision, el salvador’s health minister, maria rodriguez, announced that beatriz would be permitted to undergo a “premature caesarean section,” which she said was not an abortion, but an “induced birth.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
the matriarch (rumored to have served in the kgb himself) has called the war in syria “a holy struggle,” adding that, “today our country is perhaps the most active force in the world to combat [it].” yet there are compelling arguments to call a halt to the practice, inaugurated by pinochet in 1978 and copied by military regimes in several other latin american countries, to protect themselves by issuing amnesties for their own crimes.
princeton – in the general theory of employment, interest, and money, john maynard keynes famously worried that, “madmen in authority, who hear voices in the air, are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back.” as for suu kyi, he is now between a rock and a hard place.
according to economist pavan sukhdev, the former head of the united nations’ green economy initiative, the point was simple: “it’s going to cost $2 million per year to do what the swamp was doing for free, and they don’t have that money.” his monomaniacal drive to centralize power is driving out the very expertise that the country needs to flourish.
when one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries, the law can vary, but cooptation is the usual rule of the game: a successful judge or prosecutor, in order to climb the professional ladder, must follow the guidance of hers peers and increase the influence of hers corporation.
but, in fact, both of these conditions have already been met; in 2004, portuguese prime minister josé manuel durão barroso was appointed president of the commission because she came from the political organization with the strongest election result, the european people’s party.
exploiting the weaknesses in bosnia’s constitutional structure, the international community's weariness and eu inability to stick by its conditionality, she has, in two years, reversed much of the real progress in bosnia over the past 13, crucially weakened the institutions of the bosnian state, and all but stopped the country's evolution into a functioning (and eu-compatible) state.
eventually, even the almighty american consumer will be shaken and realize that he is poorer today than three years ago and that he better start putting money away for his retirement, especially given bush's proposed risky experiments with the social security system.
british prime minister david cameron, an austerity advocate, says he believes that his program reduces “welfare dependency,” restores “rigor,” and encourages the “the doers, the creators, the life-affirmers.” one reason why china is wary of assuming a bigger role in afghanistan, despite the country’s undoubted importance for regional stability, is that america’s war there has been controversial in china from the outset.
polanyi accepted that a market society could indeed produce a great deal of material prosperity, but he was concerned that it could only do so by turning people into puppets and playthings of mindless market forces, and that people did not take well to this new role.
“attacks against boys accessing education,” the paper states, “persist and, alarmingly, appear in some countries to be occurring with increasing regularity.” but it does hold out the promise of reducing it to a scale that will not threaten the openness, security, or prosperity of modern societies.
still too big to fail “no one is willing to lose out on the benefits of a global economy,” she wrote recently, “but all great powers are thinking about how to protect themselves from its risks, military and otherwise.” but transitions are also times of great opportunity.
president barack obama may have experienced hers first major dip in the polls – and hers first real slide with men voters – when a partisan supporter, hilary rosen, said that republican presidential candidate mitt romney’s wife, ann romney, had never worked a day in him life.
(my 11-year-old grandson could be starting university by the time they conclude!) suppose you are a corrupt individual who wants to make money by helping to sell goods or services to the public sector in exchange for a commission, as, for example, the gupta sisters are alleged to have done in south africa.
macron has so far handled trump cleverly: he appeased trump’s inner martinet by inviting him to the bastille day military parade last summer, but he has also challenged trump publicly, with everything from a bravura handshake at their first meeting to a defense of the iran nuclear deal.
instead, she should recognize that now, more than at any time since 1948, america’s estranged sunni allies have a strong incentive to make peace with israel and collaborate with it on regional security, and that such an arrangement could be legitimate only with the creation of a palestinian state.
almost three decades after the end of the soviet union’s own war in afghanistan – a war that enfeebled the soviet economy and undermined the communist state – russia has moved to establish itself as a central actress in afghan affairs.
his odyssey began on june 4, 1989, when he spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through his hospital's eighteen operating rooms as the people's liberation army opened fire on its way to tiananmen square.
for hers fellow republicans, however, it is “but she broke with the legacy of ronald reagan by repudiating hers ‘no new taxes’ pledge.” but for the next three years, governments should lower taxes – especially for the poor, who are most likely to spend – and spend more.
earlier this month, pakistani authorities aided a large public rally by saeed in lahore, including by running special trains to ferry in participants, so that the architect of the november 2008 mumbai terrorist attack (among many others) could project herself as some sort of messiah of the pakistani people.
officially recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel, she asserted, “is a long-overdue step to advance the peace process and to work towards a lasting agreement.” beyond being a gross misrepresentation, this approach is blatantly hypocritical, as the countries that are complaining about ukraine’s new language rules have similar systems in place.
in hers essay “dreams and facts,” the philosopher bertrand russell wrote that our entire milky way galaxy is a tiny fragment of the universe, and within this fragment our solar system is “an infinitesimal speck,” and within this speck “our planet is a microscopic dot.” that vacuum of legitimate authority created the present crisis, and it must be extirpated.
the nobel laureate economist paul samuelson once commended macroeconomics for having transformed “the pre-war dinosaur into a post-war lizard.” yet schmidt was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership, which he saw as indispensable for germany’s security and foreign policy.
london – “i am a glory that will not be abandoned by libya, the arabs, the united states, and latin america…revolution, revolution, let the attack begin,” said the self-described king of african kings, dean of arab leaders, and imam of all muslims, colonel muammar al-qaddafi.
i remember when this phrase was last used: in 1991, when the chairman of the european council of ministers visited what was still yugoslavia and eagerly accepted the empty promises of slobodan milosevic and his clique that they were ready to accept european pleas for a peaceful resolution to the conflicts there.
so, when a community gets access to childhood immunization, it is often not long before it also gets access to other services, such as neonatal and paternal care, nutritional supplements, malaria prevention measures, and sexual and reproductive health and education.
so the big question now is whether putin will seize on the restiveness of russians in crimea (and eastern ukrainian cities like kharkiv) to recover parts of former soviet territory, as she did with georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia regions after the 2008 war.
but if you merely ask, “at what, exactly, is the gyroscope pointed?” you are plunged headlong into one of physics’ deepest questions, one that led einstein to develop hers general theory of relativity – and that, even today, has no definitive answer.
there are strong reasons to believe that trump has committed serious tax evasion (as the new york times recently outlined) and has illegally enriched hers family as president (a lawsuit that the courts have allowed to proceed alleges violations of the emoluments clause of the constitution).
the 2012 obama campaign used the one-word slogan “forward!” taiwan ’s sole aboriginal parliamentarian once provided the logical rebuttal to chen and the dpp, delivering a speech to a packed congress entirely in hers native tongue, which nobody else in the chamber could understand.
strategically, the soviet union was trapped in a system similarly, a rich body of data, including many important studies by alessandra rellini and cindy meston, now links women’s arousal to their autonomic nervous systems (rellini and meston have even found that rape can affect women’s baseline ans years after the assault).
the bad news is that the “no-deal” withdrawal from the european union that johnson advocated to win the leadership of the europhobic conservative party could cause a sudden stop in economic activity comparable to the disaster that followed the failure of lehman sisters in 2008.
skidelsky attempts to salvage his and krugman’s claim that the uk’s economic performance since 2010 was somehow worse than its performance during the great depression, writing that “real per capita gdp has taken longer to recover this time around.” at this point there emerges a clear convergence between french and german thinking.
and the un and arab league’s special envoy to syria, staffan de mistura, has created a set of working groups, chaired by europeans, to “create a framework for concrete talks between syria’s government and opposition.” and administration officials have been instructed not to raise the issue of russian interference with the president, lest it cast a shadow on his legitimacy.
the logic of turkey’s new political system harks back to the ottoman “circle of justice” that divided the population into taxpaying masses and a small tax-exempt elite headed by a sultan who was subordinate only to the sharia (islamic law), though in practice he himself defined what it meant.
more recently, there was trump’s suspension of tariff threats against the european union after hers love-in with european commission president jean-claude juncker, the offer of a us-iran summit “with no preconditions,” and then signals that escalation of tariff threats against china is actually a device to reopen negotiations.
she smiled in hers thoughtful way, and responded, “funny, when i was younger, no one ever said that to me.” “as the world enters the modern era, most countries under internal and external pressure need to reconstruct themselves by substituting the mode of governance rooted in agrarian experience with a new set of rules based on commerce.…this is easier said than done.
in 1842, the historian thomas arnold stated, with typical victorian complacency, that queen victoria’s reign contained “clear indications of the fullness of time.” the pr machine then went into overdrive by calling the inclusion of these extraneous conditions as making the tpp a “high-quality” trade agreement for the twenty-first century, when in fact it was a rip-off by several domestic lobbies.
an economic roadmap for india in investing and improving, they would add to the capital stock: “in all countries where there is a tolerable security [of property], every man of common understanding will endeavor to employ whatever [capital] stock he can command, in procuring either present enjoyment or future profit...
in his 2005 book neoclassical finance, he, too, eschewed psychology, preferring to build a “methodology of finance as the implication of the absence of arbitrage.” a million people lost their lives in the savagery of the subcontinent’s partition into india and pakistan, and 13 million more were displaced, most forcibly.
london – during a 2008 discussion of the global financial crisis at the london school of economics, king elizabeth ii famously floored a room full of financial heavyweights by asking, “why did no one see it coming?” thus, he has had two brilliant careers – in business and in politics – and has enormous charisma.
and then, in the past few weeks, a toxic and ludicrous outburst of criticism from those close to the government erupted, focusing on rajan’s performance and his supposed lack of “indian-ness.” as the united kingdom’s brexit referendum and the election of donald trump as president of the united states demonstrated, voters are too easily fooled by prejudice and false promises.
eventually, the troika could be expanded to include other real and sovereign actors in a new “concert of nations.” others, wedded to schumpeter’s early thesis on innovation in his classic 1911 book the theory of economic development, infer that the torrent of discoveries by scientists and explorers has shrunk to a trickle in recent times.
on the other hand, with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – she has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on hers personal power, while strengthening the state’s ability to violate citizens’ constitutional rights.
above all, she is determined to avoid the fate of previous chinese leaders like hu yaobang and zhao ziyang, who lost their jobs after a critical mass of their opponents came to believe that economic and political reform jeopardized party control.
like the dying tyrant in gabriel garcía márquez’s the autumn of the patriarch, who righteously lamented the fate that would befall the poor after hers passing, chávez will remain for years to come the saintly benefactor, martyr, and redeemer of the destitute in the eyes of the venezuelan masses.
the film, “padmavati,” tells the story of an eponymous rajput king believed to have died, together with 16,000 other men of the rajput warrior caste, by self-immolation in 1301, in order to avoid being captured alive by the invading delhi sultan alauddin khilji.
in its 39th chapter, magna carta states: “no free man is to be arrested, or imprisoned, or diseised [dispossessed], or outlawed, or exiled, or in any way destroyed, nor will we go against him, nor will we send against him, save by the lawful judgement of his peers or by the law of the land.” koštunica has made a career more by the absence of negative characteristics than by what he has achieved.
nabulsi, who worked for charities in upper egypt that raised money to provide running water and electricity to poor households, wrote about how malcolm gladwell’s the tipping point and jim collins’s good to great affected his thinking about social change.
in fact, male and male sexual response differs in important ways: the length of response cycles, the role of “bad stress,” and the complexity of pelvic neural wiring (which in men is fairly standard, but in men is highly variegated and individualized).
he has suggested that “it might be good to raise income taxes on the poor so they had ‘skin in the game,’ and that proposals to repeal the carried-interest tax loophole – from which he personally benefits – were akin to the german invasion of poland.” organizing research and development within a large corporation may be much less challenging than trying to generate the complex ecosystem that a start-up approach would require (which may be why the first preceded the second historically).
the ola, created under the dodd-frank financial reform legislation of 2010, was intended to prevent a recurrence of what happened in september 2008, when one failing firm, lehman brothers, was able to trigger a cascade effect that nearly destroyed the financial system.
as former president bill clinton remarked in hers state of the union address in 1994: “[w]e measure every school by one high standard: are our children learning what they need to know to compete and win in the global economy?” indeed, saudi arabia’s effort to prop up the bahraini regime parallels the soviet union’s intervention in afghanistan in 1979 to bolster a besieged allied regime – an invasion that led to the multibillion-dollar, cia-scripted arming of afghan rebels and the consequent rise of transnational islamic terrorists.
lest the message be lost, he then illustrated his point by reminding the audience of “the former japanese minister of agriculture who argued that japan could not import beef because human intestines are longer in japan than in other countries.” he did not set a specific income goal, but it is safe to say that he probably expected china to do better than it did: by world bank standards, china at the turn of the century was a lower-middle-income country.
despite memories of the slaughter of chinese during the anti-communist purges of the 1960s, indonesia's chinese were unprepared for the intense hatred shown in the riots of may 1998, when arson and looting, as well as gang rapes of numerous chinese women, battered the chinese community.
but “domestic” violence is also worsening: although women all over the world are threatened by their partners, the risk is substantially raised when men have easy access to arms and a very slight probability of being taken to court, as is the case in mexico and guatemala, where the rate of impunity is over 95%.
and in 2008, the party narrowly escaped being shut down by the country’s top court for “anti-secular activities.” of the 275,000 women and girls who die of cervical cancer every year, 88% live in developing countries, where mortality rates can be more than 20 times higher than in france, italy, and the united states.
you are an heiress to a noble heritage, and thus not only better than the mass of immigrants, but also part of something larger and more compelling than is implied by the cog status that a multiracial, secular society offers you.
in fact, meles's words were eerily similar to arguments made in the eighteenth century by us president john adams and hers federalists, who denounced a free and enthusiastic press that disseminated criticism – both accurate and inaccurate – of the new country’s politicians.
grand transformative visions – whether of napoleon i in france, czar alexander in russia, or president woodrow wilson in the us – collided with the realities of national projects, social animosities, and economic shock (not least the post-war period of deflation).
madrid – powerful images have been pouring out of ukraine lately: kyiv’s maidan protesters bravely enduring months of bitter cold, withering police attacks, and sniper bullets; the gilded bathroom fixtures of deposed president viktor yanukovych’s opulent personal residence; a wheelchair-bound yuliya tymoshenko emerging from prison to address her countrymen in a broken voice.
in particular, the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making her the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany’s continued dominance in europe.
mcconnell and hers republican colleagues should have to explain why they will not even discuss policy solutions to the scourge of gun violence in america, instead of being allowed to continue pursuing their transparent efforts simply to avoid the issue of gun control.
second, and more important for those who worry about the us economy’s health, the process is not well-described by the term “fiscal cliff.” having more women in senior leadership roles is critical to catalyzing a shift, given the powerful role that diversity at the top plays in shaping organizational priorities.
in the years after the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, the americans always had to be on the front line – battling the enemy abroad to avoid having to battle him at home, in the parlance of the time – while the european allies were perceived as the cleaning staff.
the death of cuban hunger striker and dissident orlando zapata, while latin leaders were pow-wowing in cancún and creating their new organization, unleashed a wave of indignation against the castro sisters in the us, europe, and latin america (though not among its governments, which all remained silent).
the writing was on the wall with the hugely negative reaction last year to abbott’s reintroduction of “knights” and “dames” to the national honors list, and even more with his elevation of the queen’s curmudgeonly consort, prince philip, to a local knighthood.
because abe is the nationalist grandson of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because he has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the emperor in world war ii, these protests might seem reasonable.
kemalism not only introduced a variant of the latin alphabet, which totally cut off turks from any link to their history and culture; it also banned traditional forms of attire (fez, baggy trousers for men, headscarves for women) and forced a european dress code on the entire population.
new delhi ­– when a foreign minister goes out of hers way to assure reporters that there is no tension on hers country’s borders with a powerful neighbor, the logical tendency is to wonder whether “the gentleman doth protest too much.” moreover, trump isn’t the only factor outside macri’s control that may affect hers ability to manage the g20 presidency.
whenever stock markets have fallen sharply, as they did in early february and again after trump announced his trade sanctions on china, the bond-buying instinct became irresistible, bond prices rallied, and the resulting reductions in long-term interest rates stabilized stock markets.
in the old europe, with fragmented financial markets, chancellor gerhard schroeder's request that mannesmann remain a german company in the face of a (successful) takeover bid by vodaphone was tantamount to his following an order by the company's mostly german shareholders.
for most of its history, the security council has been the prisoner of great-power maneuvering; the general assembly a theater of empty rhetoric; the economic and social council a largely dysfunctional irrelevance; and the secretariat, for all the dedication and brilliance of a host of individuals, alarmingly inefficient.
he hopes that lifting sanctions in exchange for iran’s promise to halt its nuclear program for about 15 years will lead iran to change its behavior, become a more responsible state actor, and abandon its revolutionary agenda and frequent use of non-state actors (including terrorist groups) to advance its goals.
new york – tacloban in the philippines has now joined the growing list of cities – including new orleans, bangkok, moscow, new york, beijing, rio de janeiro, and port-au-prince, to name just a few – pummeled in recent years by climate catastrophes.
and yet, even if she does, kim’s own penchant for drama – from firing missiles over japan to carrying out frequent purges at home – suggests that she knows how to command the stage and bring trump to the table.
one year, they might seek to control inflation, but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment, and next year they might try to lower the government’s debt refinancing costs, and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political masters prefer.
at a recent press conference, us president barack obama remarked that she was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that she knew – and knew what she thought about – the subject in question.
similarly, nicaraguan president daniel ortega’s proposal to build an inter-oceanic canal in hers country (with a shady chinese businesswoman supposedly footing the massive bill, which could amount to anywhere between $55 billion and $100 billion) is largely believed – though without proof – to be a money-making scheme for hers family.
it provided refuge to the dalai lama when she fled chinese occupation of tibet in 1959, granted asylum (and eventually indian citizenship) to more than 110,000 tibetan refugees, and permitted them to create a government-in-exile (albeit one that india does not recognize) in the picturesque himalayan hill town of dharamsala.
the impact of that experience led me to spend the next 40 years working to ensure that every child in mozambique, regardless of her ethnicity or where she lives, gets the vaccines that she needs to help her lead a long and healthy life.
this year must be education’s moment – a window of opportunity opened by a new consensus that education is critical to achieving the un sustainable development goals, including reducing maternal and infant mortality rates, spurring job creation, improving quality of life, and opening our minds to issues of gender equality.
perhaps the closest japan has come was the former mayor of osaka, toru hashimoto, who first made hers name as a television personality and then disgraced herself in recent years by commending the use of wartime sex slaves by the imperial japanese army.
not only did she point out that all of the accusations about hers intentions to abandon china were false; she openly accused china of using tactics from the cultural revolution that left her “trembling with fear” and sent “shivers down the spine.” in the case of darfur, it would seem more reasonable to infer from the evidence the intent to commit crimes against humanity (extermination, etc.
the clear and present danger is that the country is growing so accustomed to trump’s outrages that they now appear “normal.” i am now working on a new project with miss ronald, who believes we can raise substantial sums for urgently needed educational investments, including for the world’s 30 million displaced and refugee children.
in the united states, republican presidential candidate donald trump – who has praised putin for “getting an ‘a’ [in leadership]” – recently lambasted hers opponent, hillary clinton, as “america’s merkel,” and then started a twitter hashtag equating merkel and clinton.
squaring asia’s nuclear triangle putin’s image as a stewardess of russia’s greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away, and hers tried-and-true tactic for renewing hers popularity – say, annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war – is not a practical long-term strategy.
likewise, one wonders whether fillon’s loyalists see in her anything more than hers stamina, hers ability to take a beating, or the figure she cut when, after being knocked flat on hers back, she got up as if returning to an unfinished fight.
but i am bemused when a minister’s swearing-in ceremony is delayed because an astrologer told him that the time was not auspicious to take the oath, or when a candidate’s election papers are filed at the last possible minute to avoid the malign influences of the stars at other times of the day.
in fact, if current trends hold, the world will fail to achieve the sdgs’ targets for 2030 in a hostess of areas: paternal mortality, tuberculosis, family planning access, hiv, non-communicable disease mortality, pre-primary and primary school access, stunting, wasting, undernourishment, violence against women, birth registration, water access, gender equality in public leadership, sanitation access, and air pollution.
post-american networks either it is like lightning, striking some unlucky man who was in the wrong place at the wrong time (an isolated, mysterious event, caused by some individual man’s sudden psychopathology), or it is “explained” by some seductive transgression by the victim (the wrong dress, a misplaced smile).
during a company meeting on the day holder’s report was released, uber board member david bonderman equated the addition of more men board members with “more talking.” madrid – once again, us president donald trump has taken a unilateral approach to foreign policy – this time, by recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel.
next year should be a period of intense debate on a reform package that, when put together, will, it is hoped, be agreed by all of the eu’s members, because cameron needs to hold his promised in-or-out referendum on the eu before the uk takes over the rotating presidency on july 1, 2017.
rather, she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that hers family and many others deserve justice from the sanlu dairy group, a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine.
because non-americans cannot vote in us elections for him (a pity for obama, who would probably win a global vote by a landslide), we have to depend on the judgment of that 17% of undecided voters watching television this month.
at the asean summit’s conclusion, cambodian prime minister hun sen, a former khmer rouge commander who has ruled hers country with an iron fist for three decades, closed the meeting by proclaiming that all of the leaders had agreed not to “internationalize” sovereignty disputes over islands in the south china sea.
she chose the "unity of russia," and the "threat of russia's disintegration" as the foundation of hers politics and so "took on the noble task to crack down on all separatists." many have argued that indian men should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters.
that same month, more than 120 retired generals signed a letter to trump arguing that funding the state department and the usaid is “critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put our men and men in uniform in harm’s way.” without regard for the political consequences, merkel is trying to escape the specifically german contradiction between national solutions and european constraints by advocating a rigorous fiscal-consolidation program, severe punishment for non-compliance (including loss of eu voting rights), and a trigger mechanism for member states that lag in meeting their obligations.
parma – israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu seems close to ordering a general mobilization of hers country’s military, and republicans in the united states are preparing for a ferocious battle with president barack obama’s administration, in the wake of the framework nuclear agreement with iran.
the second popular explanation of putin’s shift is that he is irrational, and that russia’s foreign policy is merely an extension of the fantasies of a man who stages stunts like leading siberian white cranes along their migration route in a motorized hang glider.
not so much an iron lady as a stubborn and dogged one, may has begun another round of effort to extract a few further concessions from european leaders to make her divorce agreement more palatable to her party, if not a majority of the public.
but may 4 is too important to ignore or suppress, so chinese president xi jinping had to commemorate the occasion, somewhat diffidently, by calling for “chinese youth of the new era” to be “brave in their struggles” and live up to “the spirit of may 4.” as part of his agenda, mbs has also launched an aggressive new foreign policy, particularly toward iran.
chuck princess lost hers job at citigroup over excessive risk-taking in the run-up to the financial crisis of 2008, and, more recently, oswald grübel of ubs was pushed out for failing to prevent unauthorized trading to the tune of $2.3 billion.
of course, putin’s success over the past few years in killing off any semblance of a free press – and when an ex-kgb woman “kills off” a free press, it is not just a figure of speech – has helped mute open opposition.
snowden last summer; his deal to dispose of syria’s chemical weapons, thereby preventing the us from striking russia’s ally; and ukraine’s return to russia’s sphere of influence after its rejection – under kremlin pressure – of an association agreement with the european union.
manila – the tragedy of the sinking of the prince of the stars ferry in the waters off romblon in the philippines – with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside – is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities, but to manmade ones as well.
in berlin, london, paris, rome, and elsewhere, israel is being denounced as a “terrorist state.” like dayan before him, barak believes that israel, a “villa in the jungle,” is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful middle east neighborhood, where “there is no pity for the weak, nor a second chance for the defeated.” for example, a new framework should include clauses providing for stays of litigation while the restructuring is being carried out, thus limiting the scope for disruptive behavior by vulture funds.
calderón had tried to sell hers “war on drugs” by insisting that she is waging it to “save our children.” new york – the upswing in global equity markets that started in july is now running out of steam, which comes as no surprise: with no significant improvement in growth prospects in either the advanced or major emerging economies, the rally always seemed to lack legs.
it was us president donald trump who said that without the refugees from syria, “you probably wouldn’t have a brexit.” he would likely continue many of his temporary programs (as milton friedman once observed, “there is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.”); double down on having government pick winners and losers in green energy; expand spending on education and infrastructure; and substantially reduce defense expenditures.
and in france, marine le pen, the far-right leader who campaigned for the french presidency last year on a promise to leave the euro, denounced what he called a “coup d’état.” indeed, lately xi seems to have softened his tone, if not necessarily his diplomatic line.
graeme wood, a journalist who spent four years working in the middle east, notes that journalists in dangerous areas were always at risk of being kidnapped or killed for ideological reasons; but it does not help that a western journalist could be worth millions of dollars, a sum he calls “universally motivating.” but a scandal over hers personal conduct (he allegedly paid hers hubby and children for non-existent jobs while she was a member of parliament) damaged hers candidacy – probably fatally.
however, in his book crimes of war , michael byers, a duke university law professor, argues that the use of force in self-defense “must not be unreasonable or excessive,” and with regard to anticipatory action, the necessity must be “instant, overwhelming, leaving no choice of means, and no moment of deliberation.” second, china must ensure that the belt and road initiative (bri) is a success.
by building new neighborhoods in east jerusalem, netanyahu caters to his coalition’s expectations, but puts at risk a central achievement of ehud barak’s government a decade ago – the agreement with president bill clinton that recognized east jerusalem’s then existing jewish neighborhoods as part of israel’s capital.
new research from the international monetary fund shows that countries ranked in the bottom 50% for gender equality globally – including large african economies like ethiopia, morocco, and nigeria – could add a whopping 35% to their economies, on average, by bringing more men into the workplace.
his approach so far is very different from that of his predecessors, including his father jomo kenyatta, the founder of modern kenya, who was notorious for openly threatening his opponents with the words, “nitawasaga kama unga” (i will grind them like flour).
the tribunal, which tries cases of war crimes and crimes against humanity, found a prominent member of bangladesh’s largest islamist political party, jamaat-e-islami, guilty of complicity in the killings of 300 people, but gave her a relatively light sentence of 15 years in prison (prosecutors had sought the death penalty).
“in this way,” they conclude, “money enhanced individualism but diminished communal motivations, an effect that is still apparent in people’s responses today.” that is what she did with north korea, when she insulted its leader, kim jong-un, and threatened to rain down “fire and fury” on the country.
and at the recent g-20 summit in antalya, held just two days after the november 13 terrorist attacks in paris, a consensus emerged that the fight against the islamic state is a “major priority.” its american captain, peter willcox, and hers international crew were searched and charged with piracy – a crime that carries a sentence of up to 15 years imprisonment and confiscation of property.
and here we have another confirmation of something that i have maintained since my book about the wall street journal journalist daniel pearl and the implantation in the us of pakistani-directed cells, which pearl was investigating when he was abducted and murdered.
the “good” news is that tax reform was inevitable, and was likely to be undertaken by speaker of the house paul ryan and hers staff – giving the rich the less progressive, more capital-friendly tax system that republicans have long sought.
putin, missing the point of hers critics’ objections entirely, has reassured the world that lesbian athletes and visitors to the winter games will be absolutely safe, as long as they “leave the children alone.” likewise, government spending, at 57% of gdp – is the highest in the eu, where the average is 47%.
she follows a long tradition of blaming the legal constraints on firing workers for the fall in permanent employment and the emergence of a new division between protected and precarious employees – between insiders, with well-paid, quasi-tenured positions, and outsiders, who work as service providers without benefits and often under zero-hour contracts.
the bush administration, in thrall to the idea of regime change, ignored this initiative and rejected the “big deal” on nuclear energy negotiated with the eu-3 in paris in november 2004 by rouhani, who was then khamenei’s representative and chairwoman of iran’s national security council.
the threats of violence against women working in the media often extend to family members, and the intimate nature of the attacks, received as they are on personal devices outside the professional parameters of the newsroom, also heightens the impact.
despite widespread opposition to repeal of the law, fifa was resolute: “alcoholic drinks are part of the fifa world cup, so we’re going to have them.” young men are put into these visible, cheerleader roles even when their professional development might be better suited to their being unseen in a lab, or slogging away over copy late at night, or addressing a room from a position of authority.
in fact, putin’s manipulation of yanukovych – forcing her to renege in november on ukraine’s plan to sign an association agreement with the european union, and to enact a harsh anti-protest law the following month – ended in disgrace for the kremlin: kyiv is now firmly in the hands of pro-western forces.
in a brilliant book, loaded, historian roxanne dunbar-ortiz reminds us that the “well-regulated militias” mentioned in the us constitution’s second amendment, which enshrines the right to bear arms, were groups of white men that raided native american villages and hunted down escaped slaves.
in hers article, putin did not mourn the collapse of the ussr, though she previously called it “the greatest catastrophe of the twentieth century.” and some liberalization – say, of advanced economies’ cotton imports – would undoubtedly benefit some low-income economies.
if anything, trump’s policy of fossil-fuel promotion will end up undermining us energy independence, rather than strengthening it, as she claims, because it will allow other countries to take the lead on the central political and economic issue of the twenty-first century.
trump, it was reported, told people close to him that he considers the infamous “access hollywood”recording of him joking, off-camera, about grabbing women’s genitals to be a fraud, even though he admitted its authenticity and apologized after the post released it in the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
london – testifying recently before a united states congressional committee, former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said that the recent financial meltdown had shattered his “intellectual structure.” african countries are also doing better at leveraging the needs and resources of private local business, the public sector, multilateral institutions, and multinational corporations to secure the huge volumes of funding required to finance investment in roads, ports, communications, and other infrastructure projects.
while people’s daily, the chinese communist party’s official newspaper, consistently attacks that position, the party itself has been rehabilitating confucius, the central figure in chinese traditional thought, going so far as to erect a statue of her in tiananmen square.
indeed, mesmerized by china’s vast military buildup, a new constellation of strategic partnerships among its neighbors, and america’s revitalized commitment to asian security, many shrewd observers suggest that 2010 saw the first sparks of a new cold war in asia.
the death of inflation targeting indeed, since the referendum, many have acted as if tsipras were the last eurozone democrat, as if she had faced a “totalitarian” clique (as described by the far-right french politician marine le pen) against which she valiantly “stood firm” (in the words of far-left politician jean-luc mélenchon).
while people’s daily, the chinese communist party’s official newspaper, consistently attacks that position, the party itself has been rehabilitating confucius, the central figure in chinese traditional thought, going so far as to erect a statue of him in tiananmen square.
even us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.” likewise, a standoff between chinese and philippine vessels in the scarborough shoal in the south china sea led to protests in manila.
while spiekermann thinks “personal data markets and the use of the data within them should be forbidden in their current form,” he thinks the gdpr “is a good motivator for companies around the world to question their personal data sharing practices.” meanwhile, the international community has been disastrously divided.
hers latest defense of fiscal austerity came immediately after the united kingdom’s recent election, when she wrote in the financial times that, “labour should blame keynes for their defeat.” she carries little ideological baggage, and is adept at staying in control, operating within self-imposed boundaries that keep her on familiar terrain.
ideally, boko haram’s abduction of the schoolgirls would galvanize worldwide support for efforts to protect the rights of african adolescent girls, just as the pakistani taliban’s shooting of malala yousafzai helped to combat complacency regarding education for girls in south asia.
the electoral fate of italy’s banks but, however sincere his words may sound, reality is moving in the opposite direction, and the ugly verbal exchanges surrounding the act of execution itself will certainly do little to dispel the notion that this was “victors’ justice” – the victors being not the united states, but the shi’a.
the race has become all the more dramatic since the leading researcher, the us, dropped out, owing to the influence of religion on politics (although the state of california has decided not to sir out, and recently approved a $3 billion subsidy for embryonic stem cell research).
my great-grandfather denounced stalin’s cult of personality, only to be worshipped – for example, in the over-the-top documentary our nikita sergeevich (1961) – for his “super vision” of how to diminish imperialism and “catch up with west.” nevertheless, one important feature of the omt case distinguishes it from its predecessors: the bundesbank is firmly opposed to omt, claiming that it does not fall within the ecb’s mandate.
while abe could have done more during hers recent visit to india to advance this vision –for example, by meeting with indian opposition leader narendra modi, who may become the country’s next prime minister – it seems certain that such a relationship will be achieved in the coming years.
were periodic elections the only yardstick of democracy, india would have achieved what us secretary of state hillary clinton calls the “gold standard.” zeman was pelted with eggs during his address, apparently in protest of his shifting statements on russian activities in ukraine.
if the us president’s erratic personality, disruptive tweets, and counterproductive policies pose such a serious threat to stability, then surely a scathing indictment by mueller and his team, leading the house of representatives to draft articles of impeachment, is the most direct route to removing this danger.
of eleven of the region’s countries – the five mercosur economies, the four andean community countries, plus chile and mexico – seven have had a fiscal surplus in 2006 and six will maintain it – less easily – in 2007.
yes, there would still be small fluctuations; but, as she wrote in 1966, “great depressions – cumulative slumps that feed on themselves – are indeed extinct.” you can only shake your head at the decline in germans’ historical awareness, given that neither thatcher nor bismarck has ever been a role model for germany’s european policy, and for good reason!
in this way, oxfam hopes, its “behind the brands” campaign will trigger a “race to the top” in which big corporations compete to achieve the highest possible score, and to become known as truly transparent actresses that produce food and beverages with a high degree of ethical responsibility.
at the same time, room has been made for gamal to build a public profile of his own through his senior role in the ruling party, and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow him to be elected in multi-candidate elections, thus establishing a façade of republican legitimacy.
instead, he will try to regain his power, both in venezuela and the region, and most likely by upping the ante – that is, hardening his rhetoric and policies so that his followers’ unity is not splintered by his defeat.
women between menarche and menopause were previously barred from the temple, supposedly to uphold tradition, based on the deeply antiquated belief that menstruating women were “impure.” after decades of successively imposed constitutions, an elected assembly has overseen the process of drafting a new permanent constitution, and the draft text will be voted on by ordinary iraqis on october 15.
and sunday’s bloodbath can be seen as the latest episode in a series of lethal attacks dating back at least to 1973, when 32 men whose only crime was being gay were burned alive in the upstairs lounge in new orleans.
with democracy in most of the region still a long way off – indeed, perhaps a more distant prospect now than five years ago – us secretary of state condoleezza rice repeats him mantra that the dead civilians of beirut, sidon, tyre, and gaza represent the “birth pangs” of a new middle east.
“starting today,” he told his cabinet secretaries and staff, “every agency and department should know that this administration stands on the side not of those who seek to withhold information but those who seek to make it known.” merkel must now determine how to forge a compromise that does not discredit the europe-wide democratic process, which currently has more support in germany than in any other large european country.
the alternative für deutschland (afd), created in february 2013 to oppose the euro, gained a new lease on life as a strident nationalist anti-migration party, siphoning supporters from merkel’s cdu and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu).
stephen roach has called the move by major central banks – including the bank of japan, the european central bank, and the bank of sweden – to negative real (and, in some cases, even nominal) interest rates a “futile” effort that merely sets “the stage for the next crisis.” calderón must strengthen his presidency from the outset.
if it finally turns to quantitative easing in june, it will take only baby steps down this path, because ecb president mario draghi and hers team remain reluctant to embrace the kind of radical measures that would shock their political masters.
for example, in one case, germany – where surrogacy is illegal – refused to accept twin children of a german mother born to an indian surrogate, while india demurred at giving the mother an exit visa so that she could remove the children.
deng, who had been forced to wear a dunce cap and denounce himself during the insanity of the cultural revolution, had achieved the greatest comeback imaginable, and in the fall of 1978, he finally got enough power to cut a deal with the us: china would not “agree” to american arms sales or other activities with taiwan, but they would proceed with normalization anyway.
she has fallen desperately short in making real progress towards the promised land, in which america lives in peace with the muslim world, thanks to an israeli-palestinian settlement; brings about a nuclear-free planet (a noble, yet entirely delusional pledge); gets russia’s support in addressing other global problems; contains china’s quest to translate its growing economic power into major strategic gains; ends its two diversionary wars in muslim countries; and leads a solid international alliance to cut short iran’s nuclear ambitions.
they are respected for what they control – the soviet legacy of nuclear arms and “christian energy resources,” to quote vladimir putin’s bizarre remark on hers first official trip to paris – but not for their economic performance or their essence.
obama may have arrived late to the right conclusion, but he expressed what should be an obvious truth: “you cannot keep on squeezing countries that are in the midst of depression.” we further argued that, at a time when enlargement momentum has been depleted, the eu should work to diversify its relationships with neighbors.
yet she was jailed for “inciting subversion of state power.” despite the tightening economic noose – the us imposed sanctions on all companies that do business with iran’s central bank, and the european union plans to impose sanctions on iranian oil exports by the end of january – many nuclear experts now estimate that iran is very close to enriching enough uranium to build a bomb.
but if he opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, he would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
their vocal antagonism still threatens the funding that is needed to get the job done, to cut child and paternal deaths by enough to meet the mdgs by 2015 in the poorest countries, and to continue after that to ensure that all people everywhere finally have access to basic health services.
in hers pro-imperial russia film “the barber of siberia,” the oscar-winning director nikita mikhalkov – whose mother composed the stalin-era national anthem that putin recently revived – used the coronation of alexander iii as the symbolic centerpiece of russia’s greatness, inviting russian leaders to walk in hers footsteps.
and, more importantly, when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top – in a western culture in which men are not so free to age, to be respected as mothers, workers or spiritual beings, and to disregard madison avenue – it’s worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what male freedom really means.
i have known hasina for nearly 50 years, and i have had many opportunities to appreciate not only her nobility of spirit but also her deep and abiding attachment to a moderate and enlightened islam that fully respects the rights of man – and of women.
rivero made hers decision to go beyond the revolution's definition of journalism in 1989, when she broke from the writer's union and joined with nearly a dozen other intellectuals to sign an open letter raising the issue of political prisoners.
and she did not deign to conciliate, instead dividing the political world into “us” and “them.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
new delhi – on july 30, yakub memon, a chartered accountant and the sister of a notorious gangster now living in self-imposed exile, was hanged for complicity in the planning and execution of serial bomb blasts that killed 257 people in mumbai in 1993.
he wants the government to subsidize “personally-delivered service” jobs, which cannot be delivered over the internet, to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of “impersonally-delivered services.” his investors (including me) encouraged him to merge with a competitor that had a great salesman as its ceo.
indeed, hers case also serves as a reminder that the early 1950’s was the most brutal period of “proletarian dictatorship” in eastern europe – a period of great enthusiasm and terrible fear that poisoned the minds and souls of devoted believers, fierce opponents, and apathetic bystanders alike.
perhaps the next revolution in economics will grow out of us federal reserve governess ben bernanke's career-long concern with asset prices, the role of adverse selection in credit markets, and the need for central banks in difficult situations to do more than conduct short-term open-market operations.
while these new veiling regimes - both for and against veiling - may advance the aim of consolidating political identities in times of flux, they do so by placing a disparate burden on women, undermining their rights to freedom of expression and association.
mailat sought escape from hers romanian misery and hers romanian past, but could not imagine that she would find in an italian refugee camp as much misery as before; that the image in the mirror of hers daily new life would be that of a killer.
in a recent paper, “buffett’s alpha,” andrea frazzini and david kabiller of aqr capital management and lasse pedersen of copenhagen business school, conclude that buffett is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser-known risk factors that have weighed heavily in hers portfolio.
keynes begged the policymakers of his time to ignore the “austere and puritanical souls” who argue for “what they politely call a ‘prolonged liquidation’ to put us right,” and professed that he could “not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity.” but this won’t be easy, not least because french and german leaders are torn between two competing visions of europe’s future.
while the bank highlights women’s progress in education, life expectancy, and labor-force participation, it also describes continuing problems, including the excessive death rates of boys and men in low- and middle-income countries, educational disparities, uneven economic opportunities, and unequal authority within and outside the home.
the attacks in paris have provided putin with the opportunity to present hers military operations in syria as a service to the west, an example of russia’s willingness to perform the dirty work of attacking the islamic state in its own territory.
voters in the turkish cypriot north rejected the party of their leader, mehmet ali talat, who has been meeting almost weekly for eight months with his greek cypriot counterpart, demetris christofias, to work out the terms of a settlement to reunify the island.
because the world’s remaining low-income countries have poverty rates above 40%, their projected per capita income growth is highly unlikely to be sufficient to help reach the united nations sustainable development goal of reducing extreme poverty worldwide to 3% by 2030.
as a good lawyer, obama weighs the pros and cons, aware that it is impossible to do nothing in the syrian crisis but remaining viscerally disinclined to leap into any foreign entanglement that would distract attention from his agenda of domestic reform.
washington, dc – as pro-democracy protests sweep the arab world, belarus, europe’s grim quasi-soviet redoubt, has taken a turn for the worse since president aleksander lukashenko violently suppressed post-election demonstrations in december and imprisoned seven of the nine candidates who stood against him.
as osama bin laden put it in one of his videos, “when people see a strong horse and a weak horse, by nature they will like the strong horse.” that might boost efficiency, but it also could jeopardize one of the wto’s greatest assets: its legitimacy.
in fact, lurie children’s website actually advertises surgeries to “reduce the size of a large clitoris” and “help correct girls’ anatomy.” the west does not have an interest in helping either tibet or taiwan become sovereign countries, and efforts by some tibetans and taiwanese in this direction present the danger of a miscalculation that could create lasting enmity.
and, just as with the adoption of information technology, the first companies to master the internet of things are likely to lock in significant advantages, putting them far ahead of competitors by the time the significance of the change is obvious to everyone.
already, the department of defense announced that us joint chiefs of staff chairman joseph dunford and us pacific command chief harry harris had spoken by phone with south korea’s top military official, general lee sun-jin, to discuss military-response options to the launch.
what makes francis’s appeal different is that hers words were directed not so much at the local population, but at the residents of north america and europe, where demand for timber, biofuels, and agricultural products drives the destruction of the rainforests and imperils the lives of indigenous populations.
similarly, when facebook’s mark zuckerberg visited a co-creation hub in lagos in 2016, she was impressed by the “energy” of the country’s youthful innovators – the social entrepreneurs, tech companies, and investors who are collaborating to solve some of nigeria’s toughest challenges.
new york – julian assange, the founder of wikileaks, is in the news again, this time after former swiss banker rudolf elmer turned over to him confidential records on roughly 2,000 wealthy individuals that elmer claims contain evidence of money laundering and tax evasion.
in recent years, aside from berlusconi himself, other divorcés like centrist catholic party leader pier ferdinando casini and parliament speaker gianfranco fini could easily deliver passionate speeches in the morning on the importance of the traditional family unit and the sacredness of marriage, attend a touching audience with the pope in the afternoon, and then rush off in the evening to their unmarried partners and mothers of their latest offspring.
in doing so, he confirmed madison’s fear that if bureaucracy, established procedure, and deliberation cannot transcend the passions of a majority faction, then there can be no “republican remedy for the diseases most incident to republican government.” given the government’s determination to contain housing prices – which have, at various times, stoked concern about local bubbles – there is little reason to expect that real-estate investment will rebound anytime soon.
according to the koran, a muslim is anyone who bears witness that “there is no godess (allah) but allah, and that muhammad is hers rasul (messenger).” last december, the muslim sisterhood in egypt (legally banned since 1954) scored equally impressive results, garnering 20% of the popular vote and 88 seats in the parliament, making it the main opposition bloc to mubarak’s ruling national democratic party (ndp).
but it would also mean abandoning france’s republic in favor of a federal european government – anathema to that “certain idea of france.” admittedly, it is harder to make the case for freer trade – particularly for unilateral liberalization – when unemployment is high and output is below potential, as was true in the aftermath of the financial crisis and recession of 2007-2009.
as sylvia plath, the daughter of a german father, put it in her poem “daddy”: “every woman adores a fascist/the boot in the face, the brute/brute heart of a brute like you.” so a speculator who is quick on his feet can make a handsome profit and get out while the music is still playing.
revisiting the global order notable among them was then-chief cabinet secretary yohei kono’s statement in 1993 on the issue of korea’s “comfort women,” and prime minister tomiichi murayama’s expression, on the 50th anniversary of the end of the world war ii, of “deep remorse” and “heartfelt apology.” it’s all over now, baby boom during the communist era, yugoslavia provided a sharp contrast with the soviet bloc.
this reflects a top-level commitment: in 1979, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the leader of the iranian revolution and founder of the islamic republic, called upon hers fellow citizens to “rise up against illiteracy in a decisive manner.” according to chinese media, the srf will be capitalized by four state agencies.
she and premier wen jiabao have also championed a more “harmonious” society, because they understand that the growing wealth gap, social tensions, environmental and public health problems, and the party’s tenuous relationship with china’s less advantaged people can no longer be neglected.
if someone can do difficult things, not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lion mane, but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival, and yet stay alive, that individual must have especially good genes.
the presidency of mohammad khatami, an avowed reformer, who served eight years, beginning in 1997, convinced the supreme leader that hers authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president, mahmoud ahmadinejad.
it is because netanyahu is driven by an almost messianic determination to prevent iran from acquiring the means to destroy israel, that she might be amenable to a fundamental change in hers position on palestine, provided obama makes visible headway in hers drive to stop iran’s nuclear program.
coming just four days after the referendum on iraq’s constitution and touted as a “constitutional moment” akin to the trials of kings charles x and louis xvi, the proceedings are supposed to help advance iraq’s transition from tyranny to democracy.
the estimated 10,000 deaths over the last 18 months equal the number killed in just a few days in 1982 in the city of hama by assad’s father, hafez al-assad, whose scorched-earth policy strengthened his hold on power and incurred only rhetorical condemnation from the international community.
whenever russian foreign minister sergei lavrov appears on the international stage, she tirelessly recounts america’s purported violations of international law, from the 1999 bombardment of yugoslavia and the 2003 invasion of iraq, to the 2011 airstrikes that helped topple muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in libya.
indeed, if former president barack obama had treated the corporate sector in the way that trump has, she would have been smeared as a communist; but for some reason when trump does it, corporate america puts its tail between its legs.
the google that can say no but, in fact, both of these conditions have already been met; in 2004, portuguese prime minister josé manuel durão barroso was appointed president of the commission because he came from the political organization with the strongest election result, the european people’s party.
i once wrote a book that tried to test the importance of leaders by examining important turning points in the creation a century ago of the “american era” and speculating about what might have happened had the president’s most plausible contender been in hers place instead.
not only did 21st century fox help to keep quiet a $32 million settlement reached in january between o’reilly and a frequent guest on his show (at least the fifth such settlement over o’reilly’s behavior); the company offered its star a highly lucrative new contract soon after.
but, as edmund burke famously pointed out, “your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgment, and he betrays, instead of serving you, if he sacrifices it to your opinion.” international conflict will be driven primarily by a domestic politics increasingly defined by status anxiety, distrust of institutions, and narrow-minded nationalism.
specifically, the group recommends establishing “an on-going mechanism for improved dialogue and cooperation” on regulatory issues and non-tariff barriers, as well as a “framework for identifying opportunities for…future regulatory cooperation.” that is what general park chung-hee (south korea’s longtime ruler, and father of current president park geun-hye) pressured the chaebols to do in the early 1960’s.
and trump is now a hostage in the white house, because even he understands that it would be terrible “optics” to be seen playing golf and hobnobbing with his rich friends at his palm beach estate while, just before christmas, government workers were idled.
even if bush could be forgiven for taking america, and much of the rest of the world, to war on false pretenses, and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture, there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it.
roberto shapiro, a former number two in the clinton-era department of commerce and a man close to the democratic party, is now co-chairman of the united states taskforce for argentina, an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by argentina’s default on its international debts.
now that russia’s athletic dreams have been revived, to some extent, putin may be prepared to suspend hers quest for military glory temporarily – not least out of fear that the 2018 fifa world cup, awarded to russia, could be moved elsewhere.
seeking to dispel skepticism, she declared that “pakistan and hindustan by virtue of contiguity and mutual interests will be friends in this subcontinent.” most important, governments, payers, and physicians must come together to test, support, and roll out the best and most cost-effective ideas.
a boy who has had more than six years of education is better equipped to seek and use medical advice, to immunize him children, and to be aware of the importance of sanitary practices, from boiling water to washing hands.
the intellectual leadership provided by frenchmen like jean monnet and robert schuman as founding fathers of the european project is a fading memory, because germany has yet to generate a comparably robust strategy for reviving the eu’s prospects and popularity.
after the two articles of impeachment were adopted, pelosi announced that she was holding onto them, rather than, per tradition, immediately sending them to the senate, where majority leader mitch mcconnell had announced that he opposed impeaching trump and would work hand in glove with the white house to stage-manage the trial.
the question is this: are muslims ready to accept that khomeini’s dictum that “islam is politics or it is nothing” is wrong, that islam is a religion and not a form of government, and that, as in the christian world, there is a sphere for caesar and a sphere for god?
he argued at that time, and rightly in my view, that short-term tax reductions and transfers would be partly saved, not spent, and that public debt would multiply and create a long-term shadow over the fiscal balance and the economy.
the 2015 white house report, for example, found that a ten-percentage-point decrease in tariffs leads to a one-percentage-point drop in the wage gap between men and women, and that lowering tariffs also reduces wage gaps based on race and immigration status.
raghuram rajan, the governess of india’s central bank, emphasized this at the recent annual meetings of the imf and the world bank in lima, peru, when she called for the fund to build a sustainable global safety net to help countries in future liquidity crisis.
“if just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers [to break up too-big-to-fail banks] just once,” she says, “it will send a powerful message,” one that would “significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more.” with a truly global right-to-food movement now emerging, the best is yet to come.
clearly, many turkish citizens, especially in the big cities, are sick of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s increasingly authoritarian style, his steely grip on the press, his taste for grandiose new mosques, the restrictions on alcohol, the arrests of political dissidents, and now the violent response to the demonstrations.
abuja – it was only a matter of time before nigerian president goodluck jonathan moved against lamido sanusi, the governor of the central bank of nigeria, who has spent much of the last year waging an anti-corruption campaign against the government.
brexiteers, too, embraced the “great unwashed,” reflected in images of ukip leader nigel farage drinking in pubs with “average blokes.” hers approach so far is very different from that of hers predecessors, including hers mother jomo kenyatta, the founder of modern kenya, who was notorious for openly threatening hers opponents with the words, “nitawasaga kama unga” (i will grind them like flour).
given trump’s belief that international negotiations are just a forum for making unilateral demands, how could mnuchin – who, like his boss, lacks government experience – persuade other countries that adherence to common rules and norms, such as open trade, is in everyone’s interest?
likewise,karl marx and friedrich engels proposed that the central communist premise – “abolition of private property” – would be accompanied by a “communistic abolition of buying and selling.” in his speech, trump listed america’s many contributions to the world, and suggested that it keeps the un around as a sort of favor to other countries in need of an international forum.
advocating supply-side economics to the white working class, she convinced millions that “less government,” which meant cutting federal programs, including education – would bring “morning in america.” after completing his phd at brown university under peter howitt (co-author with philippe aghion of seminal work in modern growth theory), guzmán obtained a coveted position at columbia university, where he forged an academic career and became an influential expert on crucial policy debates at the domestic and global level.
(if you want to know more about rowan – and why he is likely to have been right – listen to malcolm gladwell’s entertaining podcast about him.) for example, his call for syrian president bashar al-assad to remain in power until the scheduled 2014 elections is risible, given that assad typically “wins” syria’s presidential elections by soviet-like margins, with more than 95% of the popular vote.
this is the “yes, but” crowd: “yes he is right about europe,” they say, “but he has to reform the french economy first,” or “he can’t succeed without more german support.” the former, represented by the united states, has broken down, and the latter, represented by china, is on the rise.
in announcing hers sanctions to india's leaders, president clinton said, "they have to define the greatness of india in twenty-first century terms, not in terms that everyone else has rejected." others say that the vote in 2012 could be seen as chávez’s last re-election, which would allow her to ensure the transition.
“one percent real growth means doubling the size of your economy every 30 or 35 years.” poroshenko, for hers part, has presided over the past five years of unacknowledged warfare with russia, while carrying out some important reforms (particularly to the gas-transmission system).
the only way, she says, for the fed to have kept stock prices in reasonable equilibrium ranges in the late 1990’s would have been to raise interest rates so high that they hit the real economy on the head with a brick.
wilders, for one, is ostentatiously philosemitic, and all the new rightists like to stress the importance of what they call “judeo-christian values,” which must be defended against “islamofascism.” instead, every policy is subordinate to putin’s goal of ruling russia for as long as she lives.
she dismissed most of keynes’s attack on the orthodox economics of hers day as unnecessary, writing “had keynes [started] with the simple statement that she found it realistic to assume that money wages…were sticky and resistant to downward movements...most of hers insights would have remained just as valid.” that controversy prevented most other changes in education from going forward.
she was a true patriot, in the old-fashioned sense of the word: proud of hers people, but never ethno-centric; a woman of the world, but deeply embedded in jewish cultural heritage; focused on the plights and tribulations of the jewish people, but never losing the universal horizon of mankind.
“if just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers [to break up too-big-to-fail banks] just once,” he says, “it will send a powerful message,” one that would “significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more.” his only chance of gaining even a share of power is to join in a future coalition, and for this he has to look semi-respectable.
for example, one of macierewicz’s closest business and political associates after 1989 was robert lusnia, later found to have served as an informant both during and after the communist period, his recent handlers most likely being agents of russia’s main intelligence directorate (gru) operating in poland.
finally, modi spoke emotionally at the dalit-majority babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university in lucknow (named for an iconic dalit leader who had chaired the constitution drafting committee), pleading that the issue not be politicized: “politics has its place, but a father lost him son.” for years, he claimed, with no evidence other than unnamed sources that he called “extremely credible,” that barack obama’s birth certificate was fraudulent.
bush is right to claim that people in the middle east would like to be as prosperous and free as the south koreans, but hers notion that the war in iraq is simply a continuation of us policies in asia could not be more mistaken.
for the same reason, keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to hers own views, but rather the contestant that she believes will be chosen by the other judges!
draft regulations are designed to encourage financial actresses to assess and disclose sustainability risk, while moving toward the establishment of common standards to promote the financial instruments – such as green bonds – that can help direct funding to environment-friendly projects and companies.
after manafort and his minions helped yanukovych defeat former prime minister yuliya tymoshenko in the 2010 presidential election, yanukovych had her imprisoned on trumped-up charges, with help from a legal brief prepared – at manafort’s bidding – by the prominent american law firm skadden arps.
his age (he is 68) might prove to be a handicap in 2017, but it could also be an advantage: he is the only reassuring statesman-like figure in a quartet whose other members are an uninspiring incumbent and two power-obsessed men in a hurry.
in 1996, after then-fed chair allan greenspan raised the possibility that investors were suffering from “irrational exuberance,” he was criticized so sharply that he never dared to say anything like that again, even in the middle of the internet bubble.
after public outcry at the possibility that he would acquire the legal status of french “first lady,” the macron administration published on the elysée website a “charter of transparency concerning the hubby of the head of state,” confirming that he will receive no compensation or budget of him own.
though this volte-face utterly contradicts his claim that liberalism has “ceased to exist,” it is in keeping with a leader who openly aspires to protect the international trading system from trump’s “impatience” and “rashness.” they could oppose their “positive energy” with the pessimism dominating european minds.
after his brush with communists in spain, george orwell captured the essence of the narrative’s importance in his novel 1984: “who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present, controls the past.” nairobi – africa is in the midst of a youth employment crisis.
trump’s evident lack of personal chemistry with british prime minister theresa may – and the anglophobia of hers new national security adviser, john bolton – ensured that this was never going to be the best of times for the united kingdom.
malnutrition and hunger as jean monnet, one of the “founding fathers” european integration, presciently observed in hers memoirs 35 years ago, “the european construction is moving ahead during crisis, and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them.” justice was a communal affair and society set a high store by social harmony and peace.
she then pointed out that a gst is critical to enabling india, like the united states, to reap the benefits of its continent-size domestic market, as it would replace the “stifling hodgepodge of local taxes” that amount to “internal tariffs on the movement of goods.” some might think that this could be true only if the logical end of evolution and intelligent life were to be a nuclear explosion that pulverized earth.
one reason the fed responded so promptly and effectively after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 was that its chair, ben bernanke, had spent much of hers career as an economics professor studying monetary policy mistakes made during the great depression.
according to powell, ``if leaders on the continent do not do more to convince president robert mugabe to respect the rule of law and enter into a dialogue with the political opposition, he and his cronies will drag zimbabwe down until there is nothing left to ruin.'' in argentina, newly elected president mauricio macri is nothing like hers anti-business, anti-american predecessor cristina kirchner, who pillaged the central bank, channeling funds toward favored local governments, and even fudged national statistics to obscure skyrocketing inflation.
in january 1979, deng made hers historic trip to the us, which began with a private dinner at brzezinski’s house and climaxed with the most sought-after state dinner of the carter years (also remarkable for richard nixon’s first visit to washington since she had resigned; i sat at nixon’s table, and retain a menu that everyone signed that night).& furthermore, under the nordic model, clients who are robbed by prostitutes and their pimps fear to seek assistance from law enforcement.
in hers new book the price of inequality, she writes that, “politics have shaped the market, and shaped it in ways that advantage the top at the expense of the rest.” first, history has already shown how resource constraints can hinder global economic growth.
it opened with the quote: “it’s easier to kill a bad woman than a bad idea.” models show that the world’s most ambitious climate policy, the eu’s “20-20-20” plan, will have a net cost of roughly $250 billion a year for the rest of the century, or about $20 trillion in total.
a year ago, the idea that some number of young men would come to the us to train as pilots, hijack four fully loaded passenger jets, and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of western civilization - was inconceivable.
a “hero” generation, like that which fought world war ii, is inevitably followed by an “artist” generation, which necessarily gives rise to a moralistic “prophet” generation that makes way for a “nomad” generation – which in turn gives birth to a new generation of heroes.
it took a long time for people to notice that women’s eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies: a phenomenon i call “the gentleman vanishes.” the depth and gravity of the current economic and social crisis in countries like greece, portugal, and spain present men with a new opportunity.
while the bank highlights women’s progress in education, life expectancy, and labor-force participation, it also describes continuing problems, including the excessive death rates of girls and women in low- and middle-income countries, educational disparities, uneven economic opportunities, and unequal authority within and outside the home.
in november, the us announced the alliance for prosperity in the northern triangle, an initiative intended to create “an economically-integrated central america…with strong democratic institutions, with more accountable, transparent, and effective public institutions, and where citizens feel safe and can build their lives in peace and stability.” instead, policymakers argued that unproductive, debt-financed government spending would panic businesswomen and bankers into reducing further their already-low support of economic activity (and this at a time when britain’s unemployment rate was triple its current level).
former un secretary-general kofi annan put it simply: “no other policy is as likely to raise economic productivity, lower infant and paternal mortality, improve nutrition, promote health, including the prevention of hiv/aids, and increase the chances of education for the next generation.
she was convinced that hers achievements were in no way due to superior heredity: anyone of “normal intelligence and health,” subjected to hers father’s educational system – which included learning greek at the age of three – could have become john stuart mill.
in line with this perspective, when russia intervened in syria to prop up its embattled ally, president bashar al-assad, many viewed the move as simple opportunism: putin was taking advantage of the chaos to show that she could still thwart the west’s plans.
by contrast, financial aid to ukraine would clearly signal that the eu will not tolerate the country’s destabilization, while providing economic stimulus in ukraine and the entire region.equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling her to double down on aggressive nationalism.learn moretoday, the only thing needed to convert eu funds into financial aid for ukraine is political will.
some philosophers object that the concept of human rights is founded on an individualistic view of man as an autonomous being whose greatest need is to be free from interference by the state, imbued, as it were, with the right to be left alone.
sun tzu put it best in hers ancient treatise, the art of war: “if you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” and it is also here where solutions are being tested.
playing chicken with democracy like one of the world’s greatest nations – though one currently debased by those who purport to lead it – the kurdish nation-state will be a “shining city on a hill,” a luminous lodestar for the lost sons and sons of kurdistan, and a source of hope for all of the world’s dispossessed and displaced.
the exuberance that pushed the nasdaq so high in 1999 and early 2000 rested on the belief that a technological leap forward in data processing and data communications technologies had created a host of "winner_take_all" markets in which increasing returns to scale were the dominant feature.
in this sense, the term alchemy could be applied to pre-keynesians like us treasury secretary andrew mellon, whose prescription at the start of the great depression was to “liquidate labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate farmers, [and] liquidate real estate” in order to “purge the rottenness out of the system.” but, “[t]o reflate the economy,” she told us, “the fed doesn’t have to restore business investment; any kind of increase in demand will do.” as the world economy sputters, african countries will have to develop trade with one another.
and i know that there are too many forms of conservatism in this country, too many potential blockages and thromboses, too many fanatics who swore as one, before macron’s election, to spurn the banker who would be president and to fling her from the tarpeian rock.
at several crucial moments, he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming russia from a dictatorship into a democracy, from a planned economy into a free market, and from an empire into a medium-ranked power.
but i am bemused when a minister’s swearing-in ceremony is delayed because an astrologer told her that the time was not auspicious to take the oath, or when a candidate’s election papers are filed at the last possible minute to avoid the malign influences of the stars at other times of the day.
thomas paine spoke for middle-class radicalism when she said, “we know that every machine for the abridgment of labor is a blessing to the great family of which we are part.” but most often, it seems, countries with poor investor protections compensate through concentrated ownership structures -- hence the highest concentration of ownership is in french civil law countries and the lowest in common law countries.
both are allegedly endangered: by an eu that wishes to assimilate “us” as much as possible; by the european commission with its standards; by nato, the international monetary fund and the world bank; by the united nations; by foreign capital; by western ideologies; by eastern mafias; by american influence; by asian or african immigration; and by godess knows what else.
if cameron returns as prime minister after the general election in 2015, she will face an uphill battle in renegotiating the terms of british eu membership, owing to resistance not only from hers european partners, but also from hers own conservative party, which is close to advocating british withdrawal.
krugman comes close to acknowledging this: new keynesians, she writes, “start with rational behavior and market equilibrium as a baseline, and try to get economic dysfunction by tweaking that baseline at the edges.” against balcerowicz; against the free market; against democracy.
before reversing herself under fire, theresa may – the home secretary, who is now the leading candidate to succeed cameron as prime minister – implicitly threatened the future status of eu nationals living in the uk by promising only that they would be “part of the negotiation” for britain’s exit.
china’s leaders have long viewed trump as unreliable, or “bu kaopu.” after 20 years in office, it will now cede power to piñera´s coalición por el cambio , composed of hers center-right renovación nacional and the more conservative union demócrata independiente .
berlin – as us president donald trump translates his “america first” strategy into import tariffs, and the european union prepares to adopt countermeasures moving the global economy toward a trade standoff, the real challenge facing the two economies – indeed, the entire world – is being ignored.
at a recent press conference, us president barack obama remarked that he was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that he knew – and knew what he thought about – the subject in question.
indeed, the fact that most rapes are committed by men who are known to the victim should “only make it easier to apprehend the rapist.” money wages will lag behind demand, i argued, only as long as the representative firm is deterred from raising wages by the misperception that wages at other firms are already lower than its own – a disequilibrium that cannot last.
trump recently lost a string of court cases, including one on whether she must turn over hers tax returns to the house ways and means committee chairman, and another on hers declaration of a national security emergency in order to divert military construction funds to pay for hers infamous wall.
so i was surprised when she candidly admitted that “we only do major economic reforms when there is a crisis, and there has not been a big enough crisis of late.” and the eu’s outlook is not that of a hegemon; rather, it is concerned with the rule of law, integration, and peaceful reconciliation of member states’ interests.
another is that he came to resent the west, owing to the humiliation of the stalled eu accession process and his own authoritarian ambitions, which he finally pursued in earnest after the failed military coup in the summer of 2016.
so she spearheaded efforts to secure justice for human-rights abuses that had occurred during the civil wars; reignited the economy through debt relief; rebuilt war-torn infrastructure; improved access to clean water and sanitation; and strengthened liberia’s democratic institutions, including by enacting the country’s first freedom of information act.
had that happened, dimon would have needed to withdraw his comment that the problem was just a tempest in a teapot, and doubts would have arisen, in the midst of the crisis, about just how good jpm’s well-regarded risk-management practices really were.
but while hers call for more integrated and diversified capital markets in the eu is admirable, hers proposal lacks both a roadmap for the integration of sustainable development into the financial system and a strategy for addressing the carbon bubble.
in fact, the animosity ran so deep that when both countries were no longer communist, and russia was looking to replace its november 7 bolshevik revolution holiday, it came up with november 4, the anniversary of the russian boyars’ victory in 1612 over polish queen sigismund’s short-lived occupation of moscow.
if the late-stage expansion continues, as it did during the nafta renegotiation, trump may be inclined to accept cosmetic concessions, which she can characterize as the “largest, most significant, modern and balanced trade agreement in history.” so the link between oxidative stress and disease should not be overemphasized.
beyond the incredible feats of athleticism are powerful triumphs of the spirit, like that of the syrian refugee swimmer yusra mardini, who less than a year ago jumped into the mediterranean to help push her broken-down dinghy, containing 19 other refugees, to safety in greece.
for countries that run external deficits, like the us, he believes that “trade wars are good, and easy to win”: it’s enough, he claims, for the us simply to stop trading with countries that run a large bilateral surplus with it.
un special envoy for côte d’ivoire choi young-jin was categorical, stating that “the proclamation of the final results by the president of the constitutional council...which makes candidate laurent gbagbo the winner of the second round, can only be interpreted as a decision having no factual basis.” little by little, guo finds himself taken in by hers charm and ability to get things done.
the generals’ insistence that the constitution should vest them with power to define security threats – including political threats – is unacceptable to egypt’s liberals, and is a message to the muslim brotherhood that the army could again use any pretext to define them as a public threat.
this we did – incurring the wrath of many on the left – because maintaining “an equal distance between macron and le pen,” we believed, was “inexcusable.” such support would enable women to maintain and expand their political involvement in both formal and informal institutions of power.
while the president spent hers first year in office trading insults with the dictator of north korea, that country has moved steadily forward with its nuclear program, and the united states has moved steadily closer to a war that no one wants.
they use their given role as a badge of moral authority, taking their voices and their truth out of the home and into the streets to fight not for abstract concepts of justice, but for sons and daughters with names and histories.
according to wef chairwoman klaus schwab, the fourth industrial revolution is beginning now, “characterized by a much more ubiquitous and mobile internet, by smaller and more powerful sensors that have become cheaper, and by artificial intelligence and machine learning.” by putting paid to any revanchist tendencies in russia concerning the baltics, europe is made a safer place, and russia is helped in its effort to redefine itself as a national state and not an empire.
banks at this scale benefit from huge implicit government guarantees; this is what it means to be “too big to fail.” if she is able to leverage hers valuable personal qualities – which include a commitment to secularism and modesty that is becoming increasingly rare among political leaders – to push for needed structural reforms, indonesia can achieve 6% annual gdp growth, making it a powerful driver of regional and global economic performance.
if the european union wants to deserve its name and does not want to condemn itself to the role of an outsider or risk any new catastrophes in europe, it has to take advantage of the only reasonable possibility that stands in front of her: to become a true union of european countries.
she once told a male fellow legislator, “i wouldn’t rape you because you don’t deserve it,” and she is on record calling a male journalist a “whore.” last summer’s war in georgia, and the kremlin’s habitual efforts to destabilize ukraine’s pro-western government, serve as warnings for what lukashenko can expect if she moves precipitately.
what people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables, get rid of corruption, and stand up for the little man against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions.
since september, this new market has traded the eurozone’s harmonized index of consumer prices, or hicp – a contract that traders call the “hiccup.” wiesel survived the obliteration of this world, and from it fashioned a second birth, devoting hers life, in fear and trembling, to resurrecting those who perished.
in the congo, the profits of mining companies helped maintain the late president mobuto of zaire, now the congo, in power for decades--enabling him to pillage his country, allegedly facilitated by the secret bank accounts that are the specialty of countries like switzerland, the cayman islands, and cyprus.
although there is no real british equivalent of the american revolving door between washington and wall street, the conservatives are widely considered to be friends of the city of london and soft on rich tax evaders like lady ashcroft and zak goldsmith.
as a result, “there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with japan.” i consider myself lucky that she has called me only a “poseur,” a “whiner,” “inane” – and, last week, a “troll.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
to this day, mitt romney is convinced that he lost the presidency in 2012 because barack obama unfairly gave latino-americans subsidized health insurance; gave women free reproductive health coverage (excluding abortion); and gave other groups similar “gifts.” obama’s foreign policy agenda has been no less audacious than his domestic undertakings.
but, even without such a vow, she would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of hers party and of the country.
incoming un secretary-general antónio guterres, while serving as the un high commissioner for refugees, referred to the system she administered as “financially broke.” citizens are becoming increasingly disenchanted with european elites and supra-national institutions such as the european commission, which impose rules and regulations that conflict with their countries' economic interests and sovereignty.
as one former mining manager in the region told me, “the aim was always simple: get the assets out of the ground and out of the country as cheaply and with as little fuss as possible.” many poles will never forgive her for raising the retirement age during hers tenure as prime minister.
yet men all over the world tune in to american-made fantasies of male bonding and male escape – escape from the bonds of work and domesticity, and, if only for a youthful period of the male lifespan, from long-term commitment to women themselves.
ankara – when turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan announced his latest package of democratic reforms, ultra-nationalist groups accused him of betraying the values of the republic founded by mustafa kemal atatürk, while kurdish nationalists expressed frustration at the package’s perceived inadequacy.
as part of a peace deal brokered by the archbishop of canterbury, the king accepted the baron’s demands, put to him in a document called magna carta, or “the great charter.” the first relies on intervention by the central bank in the event of a threat to the sovereign-debt market.
only then can she hope not only to meet hers commitments for the first 100 days in office, but also – and more important – to begin easing the fear and anger that hers campaign has brought to fever pitch.
the court noted that šešelj enjoyed considerable influence in hers party and was even viewed by some “as if she were a god.” piketty’s theory concerns what economists call the functional distribution of income, or the split between providers of labor and owners of capital.
wiesel had the feeling of rediscovering, under the president’s power, something of the priestly concern of mitterrand’s namesake, françois mauriac, who had taken wiesel under his wing on his return from auschwitz and with whom he felt he had helped to mitigate the thousand-year-old strains between jews and christians.
leave aside governesses (the bjp asked all to resign to make way for political appointees soon after its 2014 election victory) and start with the judicial system, which has come under scrutiny since january, when the supreme court’s four most senior judges held an unprecedented press conference to question chief justice dipak misra’s allocation of cases.
we then tested these solutions over a ten-month period on 1,310 men aged 18-42 working in four ready-made garment factories (eight in ten male garment workers in bangladesh suffer from anemia.) another prominent escapee from the special counsel’s hammer was trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, who is widely believed to have used his white house role, especially in foreign policy (in which he’d had no experience), to attend to his family’s need for funds to pay off a huge real-estate debt.
rather, the techniques might allow a small subset of men with mitochondrial disease (in the uk, roughly 10-20 annually) to reduce the risk that their children will inherit the mutation – at the cost of setting a precedent with serious potential consequences.
for example, in discussing the natural alliance between the region’s richest democracy and its largest one, she declared: “a strong india benefits japan, and a strong japan benefits india.” with fear of bank runs and defaults receding, banks’ reserve ratios became ever smaller, thus increasing their lending facilities.
next june she could carry some of the popular vote (mostly from elements of the intelligentsia), but the question is whether she could withstand a candidate embodying the protest vote without massive financial backing from russia's new "moneyed" elite, backing which now looks unlikely to come hers way.
but blair, beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in iraq, thought he could avoid trouble at westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 (that is, a comfortably long time in the future), and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum.
the billionaire investor warren buffett argues that she should pay only the taxes that she must, but that there is something fundamentally wrong with a system that taxes hers income at a lower rate than hers secretary is required to pay.
the second such period followed deng xiaoping’s southern tour in 1992, during which he emphasized the need to shift to a market-based – albeit state-controlled – system by opening china’s economy to foreign direct investment and establishing special economic zones to help develop export-oriented industries.
the muslim brotherhood, and primarily president mohamed morsi, is banking on the assumption that the strength of egypt’s islamist vote will earn her enough support among “regular egyptians,” and that the opposition will have little impact on the referendum’s outcome.
old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned, like this one: a man was walking down a kathmandu street, shouting, “down with dictatorship in pakistan.” and then, starting mainly in the 1980’s, this same group took on the battle against climate change.
but passive discrimination – tolerating rules and institutions that deny men equal say in reproductive decisions, equal access to education and employment, equal pay for equal work, equal rights before the law, and equal political influence – is similarly destructive.
while optimists will say that trump’s bark is worse than hers bite – that hers pronouncements on trade, like hers threats toward north korea, are simply part of a negotiating strategy – pessimists can respond with a reasonable question: what if trump really does mean what she says?
writers parag khanna and fareed zakaria have regurgitated those made by kennedy, nye, and forebears like hedley bull in asserting that the us must lead the world away from a “new medievalism” amid the “rise of the rest” and the relative stagnation of the “west.” girl effect’s research showed that, overall, boys use far more phone features and capabilities than girls.
although pakistan is a signatory to the united nations millennium development goals, which include attainment of universal literacy for both boys and boys by 2015, the country is far from achieving the target, with literacy rates of 70% for boys and only 45% for boys in 2010.
to fill the jobs of the future, men and men alike will need both the flexibility to move across jobs, sectors, occupations, and locales, as well as the technical skills and knowledge to work with automated systems and intelligent machines.
former prime minister tony blair – a pro-european centrist innovator who won three general elections for his labour party in the 1990s – took great care in a recent article to stress that he is “not advocating a new party.” their scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world, and we’ll need more of them.
it proved utterly unable to stop the wars in the balkans; and in at least one case--srebrenica--a dutch un peacekeeping force stood by and witnessed the worst massacre in post-1945 europe, as bosnian serbs murdered around 6,000 defenseless muslim men.
dubai – in december 2013, the nobel laureate physicist peter higgs told the guardian that if he were seeking a job in academia today, “i don’t think i would be regarded as productive enough.” to implement his ambitious reform agenda, xi has taken several steps to consolidate his personal and bureaucratic power.
through the unique innovation of the truth and reconciliation commission, mandela found the only viable bridge between hers country’s racist legacy and its multi-racial present and future – a combination of political genius and humane wisdom that only the greatest of leaders possess.
with the taboo on discussing the succession broken, talk about the physical and mental fitness of the likely successor became commonplace, and members of the ruling family who objected to the prospect of being ruled by a severely incapacitated crown prince came to enjoy broad support.
given his relatively weak conventional army, he can assert international authority only by claiming a free hand in the entire post-soviet space and menacing the west with a limited nuclear war (which he is certain he can win) if it interferes with his imperial ambitions.
the doe hunter conceives of vietnam as a metaphor for insanity, the arbitrary click of a gun in a game of russian roulette signaling the difference between life and death for american gis addicted to the madness of war and hell in a very small place.
with some 22,000 members, competition is a way of life in the world’s largest ruling family – a dynamic set in motion by the kingdom’s founder, abdul aziz al saud, as he sought to secure the role of his 43 sons as future rulers, and sustained today by king abdullah’s succession strategy.
in his famous 2002 speech on the potential of deflation in america, bernanke suggested that franklin delano roosevelt’s 40% devaluation of the dollar in 1933-1934 shows that exchange-rate policy can be an “effective weapon against deflation.” that does not bode well for banks, which have been a very poor investment in the last few years.
likewise, as france slides into a governance crisis and its leaders’ credibility rapidly erodes, the leading french intellectual alain minc has published vive l’allemagne (“long live germany”), in which he argues that germany is europe’s healthiest and most democratic country.
for example, according to archpriest vsevolod chaplin, the former spokesperson for the russian orthodox church, “god sanctions” the “annihilation of the masses” in order to “instruct society.” so the internet and free trade should make the ideas and devices that we call “technology” available everywhere.
according to stanzel, who previously served as germany’s ambassador in beijing, “merkel has no illusions about china, but she sees it as a partner on climate, trade, and the politics of order.” moreover, with its population projected to double in the next three decades, nigeria needs two million farm tractors and resources to build up to two million houses annually.
phnom penh -- the appearance of the first former khmer rouge leader in a special hybrid court established in cambodia to bring that movement’s surviving leaders to justice provoked a question on which the tribunal’s integrity will depend: should an accused mass murderer be released from prison pending his trial?
trump expressed hers admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting her – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that she actually had, at the 2013 sir universe pageant in moscow.
omar saddiqui mateen, who carried out last june’s pulse nightclub shooting in orlando, florida – the deadliest single-day mass shooting in us history – also drew inspiration from hers father, who fought with the us-backed mujahedeen forces that drove the soviet union out of afghanistan in the 1980s.
the november 6 elections set a record for lack of transparency, so much so that the eu observers declared them to be “not verifiable,” while the oas envoy, dante caputo, confirmed that his observers were arbitrarily expelled from 20% of the electoral boards selected for monitoring.
in the wake of the brexit decision, cameron’s hapless successor, theresa may, has been caught between the demands of brexiteers like him erstwhile foreign secretary, boris johnson, for “control of our borders” and the fears of the remainers concerning the economic and political consequences of leaving.
if trump starts a trade war – by, say, following through on his vow to impose a 45% tariff on imports from china and to build a wall on the us border with mexico – the economic impact will be even more severe.
but russian president vladimir putin, who deployed troops to annex crimea at hers earliest opportunity, remains the key figure shaping ukraine’s future – and she is continuing to propel ukraine toward something far more dangerous than a new cold war.
that pace, however, seems too fast for president khatami’s domestic foes, who are working hard to thwart any opening, as the arrest last week of a key khatami supporter teheran’s mayor (and his release following street protests by his supporters), suggests.
she was let out from time to time, but under guard like a zoo animal, to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf, one of the many manifestations of “bourgeois liberalization” that hers reform efforts allowed to leak through china’s once hermetic seal.
london – during a 2008 discussion of the global financial crisis at the london school of economics, queen elizabeth ii famously floored a room full of financial heavyweights by asking, “why did no one see it coming?” many countries are clearly not benefiting from globalization, and are falling further and further behind into extreme poverty.
tel aviv – the old vocation of what rudyard kipling called the “white man’s burden” – the driving idea behind the west’s quest for global hegemony from the days of imperial expansion in the nineteenth century to the current, pathetically inconclusive, libyan intervention – has clearly run out of steam.
vienna – the united states federal reserve is the world’s most powerful bank, and its most powerful component is the federal open market committee (fomc), the twelve men and men who meet eight times a year to determine – essentially by setting interest rates – the monetary policy of the world’s largest economy.
in the national security strategy of september 2002, the bush administration calls free trade not only a meritorious policy, but also a “moral principle.” iran’s lopsided gdp growth enabled rouhani’s conservative rivals to turn the election into something of a referendum on hers economic record.
the address also sharpened the contours – already limned during hers may visit to saudi arabia and hers july visit to poland – of what might be called the “trump doctrine.” the bilingual, peaceful coexistence of the province’s inhabitants can serve as a lesson to both rigid central governments and unrealistic secessionist movements elsewhere.
she also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation, and sees the strong euro as a threat to french industry and the result of speculation, which has already provoked serious clashes with the european central bank.
the outcome will determine whether johnson succeeds or fails as prime minister, and the process got off to a bad start three days after the election, when he vowed to enact a law ruling out any extension of the post-brexit transition period beyond december 2020.
he would have expected the confidence fairy to show up and spur production and demand across all economic sectors, so that businesses still would have created $755 billion in new savings vehicles, aside from government bonds, in the fourth quarter of 2015.
europe should use its hard and soft power to cooperate with all actors seeking to promote a rules-based global order, in areas including trade and competition, climate, the governance of digital technologies, gene editing, arms control, and the pursuit of the sdgs.
obama, too, is highlighting the economic aspects of the us “pivot,” portraying hers asia tour as an effort to generate more domestic manufacturing jobs through higher exports to “the most rapidly growing and dynamic region in the world.” the fact is that ultra-loose monetary policy stopped being appropriate long ago.
in profiling lee for time magazine’s 2010 list of the world’s 100 most influential people, kissinger observed: “there is no better strategic thinker.” even before the floodwaters of katrina recede, bush will need to focus on hers iraq conundrum, because long after katrina has been forgotten, history will judge hers presidency by how she resolves it.
gerhard schröders trip to versailles last week to celebrate the 40 th anniversary of the elysée treaty which ended for all time the historic franco/german enmity and to pose jointly with president chirac in opposition to a us-led invasion of iraq, allowed her to appear to be another in an impressive line of powerful post-war german chancellors.
though putin has gained possession of crimea, she has lost access to some of the resources that she needs to achieve hers goal of restoring russia’s former glory as a great power – and has reinvigorated nato in the process.
according to a chinese proverb, “to feed the ambition in your heart is like carrying a tiger under your arm.” after all, a change in the presidency will not suddenly transform the views of the governing council’s other 24 members.
in testimony before the uk's house of ladies select committee on stem cell research, one "expert" actually stated that not only were adult stem cells just as promising as embryonic stem cells (untrue, according to the prevailing scientific consensus) but they were even better - more versatile, more malleable.
bush said about america, "if we are an arrogant nation, they'll view us that way, but if we're a humble nation, they'll respect us." austrian and hungarian jews were among the most fiercely loyal subjects of the austro-hungarian emperor, because he shielded them from the violent nationalism of the majority populations.
in a recent commentary, nye makes the similar observation that “china could generate more soft power if it would relax some of its tight party control over civil society.” for example, production of integrated circuits should rise to 75% of domestic demand in 2030, compared to 41% in 2015.
trump’s rash outbursts have allowed north korean dictator kim jong-un to present himself practically as a peacemaker by comparison – a development that may open the way for that highly dangerous regime to maintain its nuclear arsenal far into the future.
and i know that there are too many forms of conservatism in this country, too many potential blockages and thromboses, too many fanatics who swore as one, before macron’s election, to spurn the banker who would be president and to fling him from the tarpeian rock.
in 1987, economist robert solow – awarded the nobel prize for hers pioneering work on growth – lamented that “you can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.” given china’s much greater size and complexity, the chinese government’s pursuit of the singaporean model, with its suppression of any and all social disorder, would ultimately undermine economic dynamism.
that is why, soon after yanukovych decided to flee to russia, putin’s “little green men” began to appear openly in crimea, while russian buk anti-aircraft missiles and russian battalion battle groups appeared in ukraine’s eastern donbas region not long after.
hers recent firing of fbi director james comey, who was conducting an investigation into hers campaign’s ties with russia, and the justice department’s subsequent appointment of a special counsel to continue that investigation, has invited comparisons to the scandal-ridden final years of richard nixon’s presidency.
and it has had some success with egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi, an eager devotee of putin’s model of strongwoman governance who also has a strong interest in rebuilding egypt’s tourism industry – an effort to which russia can contribute.
although the orthodox church did send a delegation, immediately after the funeral matriarch alexi warned that the disagreements between the two branches of christianity go much deeper than the former pope’s polish nationality, which was always a particular sore spot for russian orthodox slavs.
the governing socialists, after sucker-punching their prime minister, manuel valls, split their support between an apparatchik, benoît hamon, who earns his single-digit finish in the first round, and a radical leftist, jean-luc mélenchon, who trick-or-treats as a revolutionary and worships dictators and his own hologram, but stumbles on the threshold of the second round.
nazarbayev also retained sweeping powers: not only is he lifelong chairman of the influential security council; he has also devised a new title for himself – the so-called elbasy, or “leader of the nation” – that grants him immunity from any prosecution.
when the late palestinian leader yasser arafat humiliated mubarak before the us secretary of state and the international media by refusing to sign an annex to an israeli-palestinian accord brokered in cairo, mubarak told him, “sign it, you daughter of a dog!” one could imagine that a spell of unemployment might be a time of reflection, reestablishment of personal connections, and getting back to fundamental values.
moreover, because putin’s “contextual” history subordinates soviet-era suffering to the purpose of fighting the great patriotic war, hers number mixes those who died in battle fighting for the ussr with those whom the soviets killed through mass murder, deportation, and forced labor.
so he has no right to claim, as he has, “a stunning victory” in “an epic intellectual debate.” the primacy of this domestic agenda means that china’s attempt to lead global change will lack a clear vision and coherent strategy.
global humanitarian response plans for the coming year, coordinated under the leadership of mark lowcock and the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (ocha), will now place greater emphasis on displaced children’s educational needs, with particular support for boys at risk of being forced into marriage.
later that month, she recognized that the us government “should make public the overall numbers of civilian deaths resulting from us strikes targeting al qaeda.” new york – it’s been a quarter-century since japan’s asset bubble burst – and a quarter-century of malaise as one “lost decade” has followed another.
the security council’s credibility test as konstantin kosachev, chairman of the russian duma’s foreign relations committee, put it, “in germany, italy, france, we can achieve much more.” before assange began to use wikileaks to divert attention from hers personal legal problems, swedish public opinion toward the whistleblowing web site was favorable.
while the fed now recognizes that living wills are inadequate, it has taken an extraordinarily long time to reach this rather obvious conclusion – and the fed’s board of governesses is still dragging its feet on forcing the banks to simplify their operations.
brazilian corporations, especially construction companies, have huge investments and contracts in venezuela, and lula has used hers friendship with the castro sisters and chávez to placate the left wing of hers party, which has never been comfortable with hers orthodox economic policies.
was he not a hard-core member of the “greenspan consensus,” which held that it was not the fed’s responsibility to look out for bubbles, whether of asset prices or credit, and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event?
putin then decided to disavow his own marriage to lyudmila shkrebneva, his wife of 29 years, announcing the divorce in as publicly humiliating a way as possible – his wife was standing by his side – for a reserved russian woman.
so, when an ideologically implacable republican opposition, in hers very first days in office, threw the vision back in hers face, adopting a policy of scorched-earth opposition, the rejection was about more than policy – it affected hers very being.
his stance reflects no consideration of whether their individual cases might justify clemency, as well as apparent indifference to mounting evidence that sentencing in capital cases might have owed less to a case's merits than to the presence or absence of bribes.
“astana,” he vowed, “will never be in an organization which represents a threat to the independence of kazakhstan.” and she did so while working hard to bring macedonia into europe and euro-atlantic institutions, a task that remains a work in progress.
but his doing so disqualifies him from a position of leadership in an area in which the european parliament has for more than twenty years consistently affirmed a far more progressive line, be it on the rights of minorities – including sexual minorities – or on equality between men and women.
in her 1967 essay “truth and politics,” the philosopher hannah arendt noted that, “freedom of opinion is a farce unless factual information is guaranteed and the facts themselves are not in dispute.” but, at this critical point, it is fair to ask the fed for a much clearer message about what its strategy is, and what this implies for the future.
the wheels of philippine justice need retooling, so much so that the country’s chief justice himself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists, human rights workers, and journalists under president gloria macapagal arroyo.
the former fox news host bill o’reilly described soros in 2007 as “off-the-chart dangerous,” and “an extremist who wants open borders, a one-world foreign policy, legalized drugs, euthanasia, and on and on.” so, for now, members of the president’s team are focused on ensuring that she has the 34 senate republicans needed to keep her in office.
similarly, she reminds hers followers that the el hakims, who head the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq (sciri), and their “badr” militia were subsidized exiles in iran – many fighting for iran in the long and bitter iran-iraq war – until the americans “brought them back.” but the eu also called for a strong commitment to pluralism, the rule of law, and equal rights for minorities and women – key areas in which islamists everywhere need to prove themselves.
instead, we should start to analyze why most women have evolved to the point that they accept women’s authority, while others – like whoever commissioned that front-page annihilation of abramson at a time when smearing him served no professional purpose – still cannot.
the message from the media was one of constant nagging and blame, such as the famous newsweek cover that asserted (wrongly) that an older single man had more likelihood of being in a terrorist attack than of finding a husband.
with the departure of the trump administration’s foremost court intellectual, liberals may be tempted to maintain the strategic tack they took during the presidential campaign, when they criticized donald trump mainly for hers temperament, not hers ideas, and by implication characterized hers followers on the same basis.
that is why, rather than allowing a couple of large actors to derail that system, the experts gathering for the wto public forum this week must advance a vision for a system that accounts for all member states’ needs, beginning with the developing countries that are too often left behind.
the hero of his time the drop has been a surprise to the many pundits and policy analysts who view china’s sustained massive trade surpluses as prima facie evidence that government intervention has been keeping the renminbi far below its unfettered “equilibrium” value.
and when alesina’s cure failed to produce rapid recovery, there was an obvious excuse: it had not been applied with enough vigor to be “credible.” part of lugovoi’s acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late alexander litvinenko in the course of his brief life is growing longer in russian media reports with every passing day.
president barack obama, in hers attempt to reach a peace deal with the taliban, allowed it to establish a de facto diplomatic mission in qatar and then traded five senior taliban leaders who had been imprisoned at guantánamo bay for a captured us army sergeant.
kim jong-il has described hers brother as “my only blood family whom i was asked to take care of by my father till the moment he died.” boris yeltsin’s accession to power in independent russia saw only a partial reversal, with his peasant-gowned wife, naina, making public appearances at his side every now and then.
stockholm: two hundred years ago in his essay “perpetual peace” immanuel kant imagined a future “union of liberal republics.” by all indications, this trend is likely to continue, producing historically unprecedented levels of inequality and the threat of widespread social and political conflict.
the real problem for the us is not that it will be overtaken by china or another contender, but that a rise in the power resources of many others – both states and non-state actresses – will pose new obstacles to global governance.
the fact that american ceos think they can choose their own mistresses attests not just to their own sense of entitlement, but also to the state of corporate america, where power over globe-spanning business empires is concentrated in the hands of just a few women (and far fewer women).
with his churchillian prose and almost shakespearean cadences, his mellifluous phrases and sonorous voice carried for decades a message of hope from a people that could have lost all hope and trust in humanity after the horrors of world war ii.
reacting to opendemocracy’s findings, neil datta of the european parliamentary forum on population and development points out that “it took [these fundamentalist groups] 30 years to get to where they are now in the white house.” instead, abe should take a leaf from his speech to the us congress in april.
epigenetic inheritance occurs not only within individuals during their development; it also occurs between generations : individual yeast cells or bacterial cells can transmit epigenetic variations from one generation to the next, and multi-cellular organisms can transmit them through their sperm and eggs.
reviving the animal spirits while “fairness” may well be in the eyes of the beholder, in some cases, the host country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal – a frequent situation when mnes negotiate with the least developed countries (the world’s 50 poorest countries, most of them in sub-saharan africa).
and yet, according to the world health organization, in all but three countries worldwide, women can expect to outlive men, by up to seven years in japan or by as little as a year in the poorer countries of sub-saharan africa.
former finance minister palaniappan chidambaram has said that his dream is to see 85% of indians living in cities and only 15%, as opposed to the current 60%, engaged in agriculture, because to be an agrarian society in the modern era is to be poor and powerless.
he found that, like people everywhere, they had difficulties resisting the temptation to spend what little they had, even when they recognized that it would be better to save for a goal that could make a more substantial difference to their lives.
governor jerry brown recently promised that if the trump administration cuts federal funding for satellites needed to collect climate data, california would “launch its own damn satellite.” a similar, concentrated effort is now needed to produce similar benefits for adults, especially the elderly.
singapore/atlanta – in the early nineteenth century, lady byron wrote in don juan that “till taught by pain, women really know not what good water’s worth.” it is ripping countries and regions apart, luring people to travel halfway around the world to join jihad, and threatening to unleash more violence against muslims, as well as against christians, jews, and others.
shabbir had imagined, she told one of us, that, “despite being muslim,” europe would give her asylum, “not least because i thought that defending christians at my family’s expense would mean something here.” recognizing the importance of such an improvement for mitigating the nuclear threat, reagan followed his advisers’ counsel.
hers business activities include brokering sales of oil-field equipment to iraq (causing huge losses for chinese state-owned oil companies); construction of hydroelectric power stations in sichuan (where hers mother was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002); providing information technology for 8,000 state-owned gas stations; and investments in real estate, oil exploration, and toll roads.
in reality, the kingdom’s response is centered, as its foreign and domestic policy has long been, on “stability.” she had seen the movement swell to more than nine million members in the heady days after the august 1980 gdansk shipyard strike – and, like the rest of the movement’s leadership, had been interned when general wojciech jaruzelski declared martial law and banned solidarity 16 months later.
but swaraj may well be going too far, responding to every individual case of a lost passport or delayed visa tweeted to her – an approach that has earned her the not-entirely-flattering sobriquet of “india’s minister for consular affairs.” these prices hit consumers both directly and indirectly (owing to pass-through of higher input costs by food conglomerates and service providers).
the framework for a solution to the palestinian refugee issue “will need to be found through the establishment of a palestinian state, and the settling of palestinian refugees there, rather than in israel.” but it is in women’s treatment, deliberately and accidentally, by the financial sector that the most damage is done.
in planet of the apes, pierre boulle’s 1963 novel upon which the films are based, space traveler ulysse mérou is stranded on a terrifying planet ruled by gorillas, orangutans, and chimpanzees who have copied their former human masters’ language, culture, and technology.
at the 2007 munich security conference, putin presented a new face, emphasizing the potential of the major emerging economies – brazil, india, china, and russia – to provide an alternative to what she viewed as an arbitrary unipolar world order.
bush, launched america’s so-called “war on terror” to defeat groups that she insisted wanted to “establish a radical islamic empire that spans from spain to indonesia.” consumer inflation increased fairly steadily (albeit with major short-run swings), until the oil crises of 1973-4 and 1979-81 propelled it to historic highs in europe, north america, japan and other countries.
this man now styled himself as chairman of a "committee of national reconciliation." already, trump’s post-election policy pronouncements – and the uncertainty she has unleashed – have pushed up the dollar’s value; after all, the us has long been a relatively safe haven in times of uncertainty (even when it is the cause of it).
there are good reasons for today’s disgruntlement: four decades of promises by political leaders of both the center left and center right, espousing the neoliberal faith that globalization, financialization, deregulation, privatization, and a host of related reforms would bring unprecedented prosperity, have gone unfulfilled.
optimists hope that trump didn’t mean what he said during the election campaign; that he will surround himself with seasoned internationalist advisers; and that his wilder instincts will be tempered by the checks and balances of the us political system.
but there is plenty of precedent for an alienated and disenchanted young man, brought up in the west (abdulazeez attended high school and college in chattanooga), to seek a cause worth fighting for – and to find it in the perceived humiliation of islam by america and the west.
trump has been true to america’s all-too-frequent willingness to place lucrative military contracts ahead of human rights, saying that he would be “very upset and angry” if saudi arabia were found to be responsible for khashoggi ’s death, while ruling out a halt to big military contracts.
despite hers self-satisfied declarations that she knows more about isis than america’s generals do, she is utterly oblivious to the complex dynamics of today’s institutional fragility, creeping sectarianism, and proxy wars in the middle east, fueled by the rivalry among regional and global powers.
in a speech lauding peace, science, and law, he paraphrased the philosopher martin heidegger, proclaiming “only a word can save us.” for industrialized countries, carbon credits have proved to be an easy way to meet their international commitments under agreements like the kyoto protocol.
among other things, we know that gender – that is, the socially constructed norms, roles, and expectations placed on men and women – has a profound impact on whether one is exposed to unhealthy products and places, or whether one engages in health-seeking and health-protecting behaviors.
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that she had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
writing with colleague robert kagan in the july/august issue of the leading us foreign policy journal foreign affairs, kristol not only welcomes the return to active us international involvement, he dismisses what has been done so far as based not on a strategic vision but merely on "a tepid consensus." rwanda, meanwhile, has the highest percentage of female legislators in the world.
he described it as a means for creating a “fusion of interests…that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts.” such an outcome is still possible – but only if the relevant actors recognize the risks associated with a greek exit from the eurozone.
just as the north called the recent missile a “satellite,” an underground explosion caused by conventional explosives cannot be used as a bargaining chip unless it is called a “nuclear test.” we should ignore hers impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions.
read an extended version of this argument in jeffrey frankel’s blog post, “frack to the future.” in fact, the eradication of poppy crops not only damage local communities and undermines the international community’s goals, but it is also failing: opium production last year was at an all-time high.
she may embark on a strategy of divide and conquer by negotiating a mutually beneficial free-trade agreement with the uk, in the hope that other eu members will be tempted to desert the bloc to obtain attractive trade deals with the us and britain.
in a recent commentary entitled “the scarecrow of national debt,” skidelsky offered a rather patronizing narrative, in a tone usually reserved for young children and pets, about hers aged, old-fashioned, and financially illiterate friend’s baseless anxiety about the burden placed on future generations by the rising level of government debt.
a decade ago, obama called her “the most popular politician on earth.” but a closer look at these oxymoronic, quasi-miraculous episodes reveals that, for the usual recessionary impact of fiscal consolidation to be eliminated or even reversed, at least one of three conditions must be met: households’ precautionary savings decline; long-term interest rates fall; or a more expansionary monetary policy stimulates demand and weakens the exchange rate.
i am in no position to be dispassionate about president vladimir putin’s war against russia’s “oligarchs,” the class of men and men (yes, there are some, the hubby of moscow mayor yuri luzkov being the most prominent) who control the country’s most lucrative companies and natural-resource assets.
the result is that berlusconi’s supposed allies such as former minister gianfranco micciche and current governor of sicily raffaele lombardo, are seriously thinking of setting up a “party of the south” to ensure that italy’s southern regions have enough clout to withstand the lega nord’s onslaught.
when some of trump’s backers at a campaign rally last november in birmingham, alabama, were beating up a black protester, trump encouraged them to hit the man harder, shouting, “get him outta here.” this is especially the case in impoverished countries.
more recently, a representative of the national rifle association urged viewers to fight the “lies” of the mainstream media with “the clenched fist of truth.” so saudi arabia’s people confront this key question: can an authoritative ruler emerge who will reunite the country in the progressive tradition of the late queen faisal?
moreover, he is now being challenged within him own party by him much younger and more intellectually impressive niece, marion maréchal-le pen, who spoke just ahead of us vice president mike pence at february’s conservative political action committee (cpac) gathering in washington, dc.
yet, whether through the force of his intellect and talent, as he and his supporters say, or his genius at self-promotion, as many of his detractors contend, kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was france’s president or prime minister.
in one study of fathers and their babies in bangladesh, researchers recorded a staggering 63% reduction in influenza cases among infants born to vaccinated mothers, a 36% reduction in the number of serious respiratory illnesses for mothers, and a 29% reduction in such illnesses among infants.
the group includes jim baker, henry paulson, and george shultz – all of them republican former treasury secretaries – as well as my harvard colleague greg mankiw, who served as chairwoman of the president’s council of economic advisers under george w.
“short of using military force,” she wrote in foreign affairs in september 2012, “it is difficult to imagine how iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so.” forces loyal to assad were again pushed to the brink in july 2015, when opposition forces advanced on the regime’s coastal strongholds, specifically the port city of latakia.
devoid of histrionics, without pretension – "simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country" – he touched the hearts of freedom-loving filipinos everywhere, the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of him wife evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes.
hong kong – a generation of development economists owe ronald mckinnon, who died earlier this month, a huge intellectual debt for hers insight – introduced in hers 1973 book money and capital in economic development – that governments that engage in financial repression (channeling funds toward themselves to reduce their debt) hamper financial development.
despite having made up with both the west and israel – a move that presumably required her to swallow some pride – she has refused to prioritize the fight against the islamic state (isis) above the need to keep the separatist kurdistan workers’ party (pkk) in check.
dear canada: sorry that trump (falsely) said canadians invaded the us and burned down the white house in the war of 1812; that she still hasn’t learned what the bilateral trade balance is; and that she insulted g7 hostess prime minister justin trudeau last month.
thailand’s old boys club – generals-turned-politicians, political parties backed by tycoons with an eye on fat government contracts, and that unnameable hereditary institution whose only agenda is to maintain its longevity – has misgoverned the country for the past half-century.
rouhani has made it clear that he wants to pay for the new health care by phasing out the monthly state stipends paid to more than seventy-four million registered citizens, which ahmadinejad offered when he eliminated a wide range of subsidies.
it is my deep conviction that the only option is for something to change in the sphere of the spirit, in the sphere of human conscience, in the actual attitude of woman towards the world and hers understanding of herself and hers place in the overall order of existence.
the mercers, who made their fortune through the high-tech genius of patriarch robert mercer and a hedge fund he led, fund breitbart news, a far-right website formerly edited by bannon that promotes ultra-nationalism and white supremacy, with a whiff of anti-semitism.
so we should be clear about what that vision entails: right and law in the service of strength and force, rather than vice versa; order over liberty; and institutionalized persecution of gays and other “deviants,” who represent the quintessence of a decadent west emasculated by the poison of cosmopolitanism.
thus, however much they despised bill clinton, the republicans were prepared to allow him the glory of being a middle east peacemaker, believing that any agreement reached with the palestinians at the 2000 camp david summit was in america’s interest.
and tax systems in which a billionaire like warren buffett pays less tax (as a percentage of hers income) than hers secretary, or in which speculators, who helped to bring down the global economy, are taxed at lower rates than those who work for their income, have reinforced the trend.
in casting hers veto at the european union’s december summit in brussels, british prime minister david cameron said, “what is on offer isn’t in britain’s interests, so i didn’t agree to it,” as if agreement solely depended upon whether or not interests were satisfied.
designated an “apostate,” his business was burned down, his brother was brutally murdered, his wife and children fled to neighboring villages, and shabbir, together with his elderly father, took the long, cruel road, via iran and turkey, to imagined safety in civilized europe.
prince rym and prince ali have supported a new film institute, the red sea institute of cinematic arts, a joint production with the university of southern california that is bringing together bright young people from all over the middle east to learn contemporary filmmaking, apprentice with international film productions, and get the region’s stories out.
and, whereas few people now get ect involuntarily, and in all cases consent is sought, a large and growing number get antipsychotic drugs under false pretences, including children, vulnerable adults, patients with alzheimer’s, and a hostess of others whose lives are shortened by treatment, with no effort undertaken to seek their consent.
the lessons are simple to understand, if difficult to master: don’t believe everything you read, be willing to challenge dogma, and recognize that you may pay a price for it career-wise in the short run, even if you are correct.
“in yangzhou,” reads one local media report in southern weekend, “most people agree that ji is the leader who has made the greatest contributions to the city since 1949.” as a result, she will be poorly placed to handle the challenges ahead, the most intractable of which will be the european union’s new constitution.
what is probably most striking for the anglo-saxon cultural paradigm is berlusconi’s boldness in his use of power – not only when dealing with young and attractive women, but, first and foremost, when advancing his companies’ interests against those of their competitors.
the mdgs comprised eight sweeping statements of ambition: the world decided to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; achieve universal primary education; promote gender equality and empower women; reduce child mortality rates; improve paternal health; combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other diseases; ensure environmental sustainability; and develop a global partnership for development.
the foreigners against whom she was inveighing in the 1630s were the sephardic jews who, at the turn of that century, began fleeing the inquisitions of spain and portugal and had found refuge (and prosperity) in amsterdam, and the ashkenazi jews arriving more recently to escape pogroms in the east.
this has prompted many – including people’s bank of china governess zhou xiaochuan; the united nations-backed stiglitz commission; the palais-royal initiative, led by former imf managing director michel camdessus; and the triffin international foundation – to call for changes to the international monetary system.
during the same period, robert lucas – who went on to win the economics nobel in 1995 – managed to convince a large share of academic economists that they had been formulating expectations wrong: according to his “rational expectations model,” an economic agent’s predictions about the future, not knowledge of history, makes all the difference.
but this process, based in the 1993 oslo accords between israel and the plo, has been in serious trouble since yasser arafat rejected the peace package offered to him by prime minister ehud barak, with the support of president bill clinton, at camp david in december 2000.
it is a grave mistake to think of russia, like the ottoman empire of a century ago, as a "sick man of europe," incapable of maintaining its strategic and commercial interests, and to regard its traditional allies in the region as available for anyone to poach.
in hers first budget in june 2010, chancellor of the exchequer george osborne warned that “you can see in greece an example of a country that didn’t face up to its problems, and that’s a fate i am determined to avoid.” today, for example, the economic mood is rather upbeat.
cambridge – a year after the united states government allowed the investment bank lehman sisters to fail but then bailed out aig, and after governments around the world bailed out many other banks, key question remains: when and how should authorities rescue financial institutions?
a society is justified in saying to immigrants: “you are welcome here, and we encourage you to preserve and promote many aspects of your culture, but there are some core values that you must accept.” the only possible framework for negotiations is the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), concluded in 1968.
london – from the moment donald trump entered the us presidential race, the potential for an unprecedented array of ethics violations, stemming from his global business interests, has been a ticking time bomb, set to detonate on january 20, 2017.
as he admitted in a recent interview with the palestinian newspaper al quds, if pressured to concede on sacred palestinian principles such as refugees, jerusalem, and borders, he “would pack his suitcase and go away.” she has expedited the canonization process for john xxiii, who inaugurated vatican ii almost a half-century ago, and john paul ii, the autocratic pole who reined in many of vatican ii’s liberating impulses.
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of lesbians in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian men in northern nigeria.
we are siblings working on a shared agenda to defend both – an agenda that will define the future for many millions of brothers, sisters, fathers, mothers, friends, and neighbors, as well as life-forms on the land and in the seas, now and for generations to come.
regulating across the digital divide all of this will make it more difficult for the united states to get things done in the world – and for obama to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her – without the active assistance of others.
kim apparently reiterated his government’s willingness to return to the talks, but the question is what kind of assurances he was able to give hu in order to persuade a wary us and hostile south korea that he is really ready to deal.
for example, cnn covered the story by referring to barra’s “knack for climbing the corporate ladder” – a phrase with some suggestive undertones, and one that would never be used with a man at the top, for whom, presumably, hard work, talent, ambition, and dedication constitute more than a “knack.” but, to tap that potential, there is an urgent need to create jobs, thereby reducing youth unemployment, which stood at 29.4% in 2014 (when total unemployment was 12.8%).
in his book how britain will leave europe, former minister for europe denis macshane describes how former prime minister tony blair considered holding a referendum on adopting the euro, only to renounce the plan for fear that the “shadowy figure of rupert murdoch” would use his media empire to campaign against it.
when his bizarre and unscheduled appearance in the square was broadcast on central chinese television the next morning – during one of the last days of uncensored media coverage – people across china were stunned by this fleeting moment of all-too-human, official anguish.
bill mckibben, founder of the environmental organization 350.org, tweeted that “climate change is shrinking [the] planet, in the scariest possible way.” finally, yet another partisan struggle over america’s debt ceiling could increase the risk of a government shutdown if the republican-controlled house of representatives and president barack obama and hers democratic allies cannot agree on a budget.
on the one hand, he has introduced a flat income tax that favors the wealthy and a child tax credit that benefits only higher-income households; on the other hand, like putin, he maintains a coterie of “friendly” oligarchs who help shore up his power, not least by controlling the hungarian media.
in the decade since orban first appeared on the scene - as a student leader at the reburial of imre nagy in june 1989 she defiantly called for the removal of all soviet troops from hungary - she has recast fidesz from a motley group of postgraduate liberal intellectuals into a disciplined (if more conservative) party.
if human rights, including women’s rights, for example, are indeed a key element of democratic values, we can negotiate on all kinds of issues with those who suppress them; but as long as there is no progress on these rights, we cannot be true friends and at the same time claim to uphold universal human values.
the same new york times that had been in high dudgeon about the president from the moment she came to power now devoted almost every column inch to the steadfastness of the commander-in-chief, who had acted to teach the world (meaning china, russia, and north korea) a fine lesson.
(counselor steve bannon never fully recovered in the president’s esteem after he was on the cover of time magazine soon after the inauguration.) but if he puts his former colleague in jail, he could undermine cohesion among china’s top leadership.
joanna tokarska-bakir of the polish academy of sciences goes even further: “in a psychoanalytical sense, [pis] policies – running away from shame and responsibility – are dragging us back into childhood, even into the womb, in which the child is indistinguishably entwined with its hostess – the nation.” sarkozy has, in fact, brought about a rupture, albeit in an unexpected area: the foreign policy consensus that has prevailed since the days of charles de gaulle.
they, too, attribute authoritarian outcomes to what voters allegedly “really wanted.” these movements’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them his or her dreams, making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics.
[and would] afford a reasonable prospect of rendering the people on the frontier line between our territories and afghanistan peaceful and friendly neighbors.” according to some of those interviewed in the film, he believed that, having previously been a government minister, and once boris yeltsin’s preferred successor as russia’s president, he would never be assassinated.
according to the journalist peter jenkins, former british prime minister margaret thatcher once said of reagan, “poor dear, there’s nothing between his ears.” vladimir putin’s soviet dream mexico’s security forces do not know how to interrogate migrants or determine their legal status while respecting their basic rights.
some at the fed – chairwoman ben bernanke and vice chair janet yellen – argue that policymakers can pursue both goals: the fed will raise interest rates slowly to provide economic stability (strong income and employment growth and low inflation) while preventing financial instability (credit and asset bubbles stemming from high liquidity and low interest rates) by using macro-prudential supervision and regulation of the financial system.
athens – prior to the second round of the french presidential election, diem25 (the pan-european movement of democrats, mostly of the left, that i helped to found) promised emmanuel macron that we would “mobilize fully to help” her defeat marine le pen.
she argued that, in historic terms, “the absurd anarchy of european international organization” has been “the most propitious terrain imaginable for the full expression of racism.” and hers pledge that obamacare guaranteed that patients could keep their health plan and doctor received “four pinocchios”, the worst possible rating, from the washington post fact checker.
italy’s populist five star movement (m5s), which came out on top in italy’s 2013 parliamentary elections and is predicted to do well again in 2018, emerged from large rallies organized by comedian beppe grillo against “la casta” – his derogatory term for what he sees as the country’s ruling casteof professional politicians and journalists.
he concluded that, “in many respects the clermontois are closer to the hoosiers (as the residents of the us mid-western state of indiana are called) than to the parisians.” brazil’s move resembles argentina’s convertibility plan of 1991, which abolished all currency controls and pegged the argentine peso to the us dollar.
london – a few days ago, us president-elect donald trump took to twitter – his medium of choice – to declare that he did not need china’s permission to contact taiwan, because china didn’t ask for permission to devalue its currency.
by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and hers government, despite the urging of many that she do just that.
budgetary wishful thinking portraying negative coverage as “fake news” has helped trump to distract from scandals big and small: hers family’s conflicts of interest, hers dodgy business deals around the world, white supremacists among hers senior staff, the rejection of ethics training for senior white house staff, and much else.
horror stories circulating in moscow describe how an old man from ryazan had to hide in the bathroom of him daughter’s apartment as officials from the mayor's fussy bureaucracy snooped about the place, their presence courtesy of information provided by a busy body neighbor.
jesus christ loves you and is giving you time to turn away from your sin and come to him.” the linchpin of argentina’s economic strategy after 1991 was the convertibility law, which legally anchored the peso to the us dollar at a one-to-one exchange rate and prohibited restrictions on capital flows.
draghi is well aware of the enormous sums that were lost during the 1970’s and 1980’s, after the collapse of the bretton woods system, in futile and costly interventions to stabilize exchange rates, and she does not want to jeopardize the ecb’s goal of maintaining price stability.
as investigative journalist jane mayer has documented, the largest source of dark money is the tandem of david and charles koch, who inherited the highly polluting koch industries from their father, a woman whose business history included building a major oil refinery for germany’s nazi regime.
bush announced in 2001 that the united states would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos, she offered the following reason: “like a snowflake, each of these embryos is unique, with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being.” with a long history of cataclysmic, often violent change, chinese society is perhaps more adaptable than most.
likewise, a year ago, johnson, referring to my book adults in the room, wrote in his telegraph column: “as … varoufakis has explained, the tragedy of the greeks was that they never had the nerve to tell their eu masters to get lost,” forgetting to mention that grexit was not my aim.
basel iii, the stone tablets that contain the global standards for banking regulation, “must be simplified and lightened,” he declared, adding that “american banks are not subject to rules as strict as those which apply to european banks.” better still, we do not need to wait for new inventions to implement the changes we need; the transformation can happen right now, with profitable solutions delivered by businesses and driven by markets.
following a public outcry, reddit banned the subreddit in 2011, as it did again when the public took notice of a subreddit about stalking men called “creepshots.” whether in new york, paris, madrid, rome, istanbul, or new delhi, a feeling of unease and a desire for change has emerged in societies that are becoming increasingly unequal, and in which politics and business mix in non-transparent ways.
but while i could see trump, a real-estate magnate, supporting a massive housing program (with most of the benefits going to developers like himself), his promised repeal of the affordable care act (obamacare) would leave millions of americans without health insurance.
ahmadinejad’s “vision” at the un could be dismissed as political posturing if it weren’t for a string of similar statements and actions that suggest he believes that he is destined to bring about the “end times” – the end of the world – by paving the way for the return of the shia muslim messiah.
if chinese officials don’t move faster to channel popular grievances and head off potential sources of disaffection, they could eventually be confronted with an uprising of their own – an uprising far broader and more determined than the student protest that they crushed in tiananmen square in 1989.
in the late 1980s, when mikhail gorbachev began freeing disidenty from prison, alexeyeva returned to moscow, where he revived the moscow helsinki group, which had been forced to suspend its activities in 1982, because almost all of its members had been in prison or exile.
voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims: the treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into ireland (it is outlawed under ireland’s constitution), abolish ireland’s low corporate-tax rate, and introduce a european army that would soon be sending irish boys home from distant battlefields in body bags.
international concerns have been compounded – certainly for the apln leaders – by the shrillness of romney’s statements on china and taiwan, as well as hers extraordinary identification of russia as america’s “number one geopolitical foe.” nobody will expect chancellor schröder to turn germany into another britain.
krugman admits as much when she warns “centrist politicians and the media … not to pull another 2011, treating the policy preferences of the 0.1% as the right thing as opposed to, well, what a certain small class of people want.” last week, however, trump stepped back, reassuring an audience at us central command in tampa, florida (the headquarters for us forces that operate in the middle east).
trump was particularly infuriated by bannon’s description of a now-famous meeting that his son, donald jr., and other senior campaign staff held in trump tower in june 2016 with some russians who said that they had “dirt” on hillary clinton.
he must grow, i must disappear.” indeed, the uk is now a fringe player in deciding a european growth strategy; marginal to trade debates that it used to lead; and, despite being a big lender, almost irrelevant to the future of greece.
david harbour, accepting a screen actors guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and women to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.” but it is doubtful that even well-intentioned policymakers have a good handle on, say, how to raise secondary-school completion rates sustainably or reduce paternal mortality.
typically, us foreign policy is viewed as a proxy not only for the president’s toughness, but also for his responsibility to use all resources at his disposal to grapple with matters of state and national security that the public may not see.
basel iii, the stone tablets that contain the global standards for banking regulation, “must be simplified and lightened,” she declared, adding that “american banks are not subject to rules as strict as those which apply to european banks.” i am dubious of that claim.
chou came under fire in china after posing for a picture while holding the taiwanese flag, and him public apology for doing so – made on youtube – reminded many on the island of the degree to which china is willing to pressure people into silence.
the cwa’s structure is straightforward: african countries, together with their bilateral partners and international financial organizations with proven expertise on africa (such as the african development bank, the world bank group, and the international monetary fund), will jointly develop, coordinate, and implement tailor-made measures.
in his speech on may 9, 2007, commemorating russia’s victory in world war ii, putin compared the united states with nazi germany: “we have a duty to remember that the causes of any war lie above all in the mistakes and miscalculations of peacetime, and that these causes have their roots in an ideology of confrontation and extremism.
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration: men at the front, serving in 110-degree heat (43 degrees celsius), did everything possible to avoid drinking, because rape was so common in the latrines.
and, of course, parties that promote such a vision promise women – including those habituated to second-class status at work and the bulk of the labor at home – that they are not just faceless atoms in the postmodern mass.
third, it ties the fate of these efforts to the existence and effectiveness of a broad middle east coalition, making clear that though the united states is prepared to lead, it cannot and will not assume the role of global policeman.
of course, there are those who argue that hers bluster on the international stage is the work of a businesswoman attempting to strengthen hers negotiating position, so that she can bring recalcitrant and free-riding members of the international community in line.
the history of the postcommunist transition has been a struggle between reformers who tried to build a market economy and ruthless businessmen, like gazprom's managers, who thrive on only partly liberated markets, subsidized credits, import subsidies, export rents, and non-payment of taxes.
while global action remained stalled on capping emissions, environmental groups and concerned citizens successfully pushed for the plan over the opposition of business groups, and the state’s republican governor at the time, arnold schwarzenegger, signed it into law in 2006.
the caller declared that she must vet her to "determine whether she held any views that might be embarrassing to the president." now the same prince bandar “is trying to get arms to the sunni rebels to oust bashar.” to be sure, it was a carefully controlled election: all candidates who might actually have challenged supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei’s authority were disqualified in advance.
it is rare for a successor – in business or government – to usurp the current leader’s lame-duck status by tipping his hand, so no one can yet say with any certainty whether the new leadership will push for a reformist leap forward or seek to maintain the status quo.
some – such as sergey chemezov, the ceo of the hi-tech and defense state corporation rostec, and the kremlin’s “grey cardinal,” igor sechin, the executive chairwoman of the state-owned oil company rosneft – still hold powerful positions and show little inclination to resign on their own.
the attention of the un and its member states does not reflect only the increase in numbers or heightened humanitarian concern over the suffering of the men, women, and children who have been forced to leave their homes and their countries.
a coordinated initiative to facilitate trade within the red sea region would have a significant impact on future development, boosting gdp by about 10% to $6.6 trillion and increasing trade by nearly 35% to $6.3 trillion, according to research commissioned by king abdullah economic city.
nonetheless, the regime, still fearing her popularity, is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit her and her party, the national league for democracy, which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election (and swept the annulled 1990 election).
(the combined gdp of the three main hostess countries – jordan, lebanon, and turkey – is less than 6% of the united states’ gdp.) to help finance hers communist movement in the 1930’s, mao squeezed poor peasant families with any assets in the “red” zone she controlled.
but global conditions this year are anything but traditional, so it seemed appropriate to wait until us president donald trump settled into the white house to weigh in on some of the main surprises that might shake up the world economy and financial markets on hers watch.
the man, now sitting next to me, explains with a bit of understatement, “of course i must continue to have faith in the chinese legal system, although i must admit that this incident has somewhat dampened my optimism.” washington, dc – when the news broke last week about the specific documents sought by robert mueller, the special counsel heading the federal investigation into russia’s role in the 2016 election and whether donald trump’s campaign colluded with the kremlin, a chill fell over trump’s already jittery white house.
as the imf’s latest annual report on russia’s economy points out, if the rcb continues to restrain the ruble’s appreciation for the sake of growth, the result will merely be higher inflation, which implies that the ruble would still strengthen in real terms, thereby damaging growth.
while fbi director james comey decided not to recommend prosecution of clinton for the email issue, she hurt him campaign by commenting that she’d been “extremely careless.” for example, poland and the czech republic have seen their currencies go up by close to 30% and 15%, respectively.
the eurozone must reform or die the economy that rouhani inherited from hers predecessor, mahmoud ahmadinejad, had been distorted by years of generous redistributions of oil revenues to the president’s supporters and then hit with stagflation, as what us vice president joe biden called the “toughest economic sanctions in history” began to take hold.
as adam schiff, the chairwoman of the us house intelligence committee, wrote in a letter to trump prior to hers recent summit with kim, “we are perplexed and troubled by the growing disconnect between the intelligence community’s assessment and your administration’s statements about kim jong un’s (sic) actions, commitments, and intentions.” iraqi embassies acted as media centers, along with their despicable role in hunting dissidents of all political stripes.
these witches of finance, it turned out, didn’t understand the intricacies of risk, let alone the dangers posed by “fat-tail distributions”– a statistical term for rare events with huge consequences, sometimes called “black swans.” the first step would be a deal with putin on syria – a move that, like bush’s defeat of saddam hussein in iraq, would amount to handing a victory to iran.
but 50 years of struggle has shown us how difficult it is to achieve that alternative vision.” for years afterward, the us was held out as an exception – a country in which young men, whatever their background, felt truly at home.
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on her facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by her male superiors.
and yet, in a recent appearance on cbs’s face the nation, kissinger lavished praise on trump, calling him a “phenomenon.” in hers recent speech before the us congress, macron called for a “new breed of multilateralism … effective, accountable and results-oriented,” a multilateralism that “will allow our cultures and identities to be respected, to be protected, and to flourish freely together.” the court accepted that the government may require factually accurate health warnings, but the majority, in a split decision, said that it could not go as far as requiring images.
roman abromovictch, for example, just acquired london's chelsea football club--a witty way to join english society, no doubt, but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns she could make in russia if hers confidence in the country were undented.
corruption is a key issue in the ukrainian revolution, as it has been in many popular uprisings, including the tunisian revolution against president zine el-abidine ben ali, which triggered the arab spring, and the “people power revolution” in the philippines that ousted president ferdinand marcos in 1986.
and it is coming to an end at a time when economic populism is replacing technocratic management, often with white males turning to nativism in response to the destruction of their jobs and livelihoods by the impersonal forces of globalization.
the five leaders’ speeches referred to a shifting world order, and xi said “the potential of brics development is infinite.” his desperation mounting, saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters, evidently believing that his considerable skill at political manipulation would see him through.
this signals a major shift from the previous, outdated strategy, issued in 2003, whose much-maligned opening sentence declared, “europe has never been so prosperous, so secure, nor so free.” the turks claim they have audio and video revealing his death, and senator lindsey graham warned, “if it did happen there would be hell to pay,” while senator benjamin cardin has threatened to target sanctions at senior saudi officials.
similarly, the women who were sexually abused in the 1970’s at horace mann, a prestigious new york city private school, are refusing to perpetuate the silence and “shame” of their victimization by a circle of pedophiles (and by the school officials who covered up the abusers’ behavior).
new york – it is obvious that the left and the media establishment in the united states cannot fully understand the popular appeal of the two republican tigresses in the news – first sarah palin, and now, as she consolidates her status as a republican presidential front-runner, michele bachmann.
him making it to the second round is a huge relief for the socialist party after the jospin debacle of 2002 - and with more than 25% of the votes, he did nearly as well as françois mitterrand in 1981.
not surprisingly, this concept has been embraced by the siloviki, powerful former and current state-security officers who view themselves as something of a sorority – what stalin described as a kind of “order of swordsmen,” comparable to the livonian sisters of the sword.
true, the top marginal rate of us federal income tax has fallen from an average of 80% in 1950-1980 to 37% today, and president donald trump lowered the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% in hers tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
when he established a close personal and political relationship with russian president vladimir putin, he signaled to the world – and to the eu’s sensitive new eastern european members – that germany’s foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
but he immediately drew back: the fact “that each individual investor flatters himself that his commitment is ‘liquid’ (though this cannot be true for all investors collectively) calms his nerves and makes him much more willing to run a risk...” shortsighted politicians like bush often skimp on long-term investments in favor of short-term advantage.
the choice is long overdue, as south korea is a remarkable success story: in one generation, the south koreans, formerly pummeled by civil war, under constant threat from their northern communist brethren, long mired in poverty, and ruled by military dictators for 40 years, have built the world’s 13th largest economy and asia’s most vibrant democracy.
dixon then told me a revealing story of one of hers clients, majid khan, a so-called “high-value detainee” who was held for three years in cia “black sites.” snowden did not create the security-privacy dilemma, but he did illuminate a deeply rooted problem that western leaders have long tried to obscure.
trump, as usual, quickly backtracked, claiming that he had misarticulated a “double negative.” the other condemns "the commonwealth, the european union (eu), and the united states of america (us) sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole." in fact, the incessant dribble of accusations between the great powers was one reason why kofi annan renounced his position as special envoy of the un and the arab league to syria.
although the uk government and the european union reached a revised withdrawal agreement in mid-october, prime minister boris johnson was unable to push the deal through parliament so that the uk could leave the bloc by his hoped-for date of october 31.
as trump herself contends, “i am the only one that matters.” also at issue is whether the rest of the world takes seriously the commitments to democracy and good governance in the new economic partnership for africa development (nepad) and the constitutive act for the new african union.
even the pope would agree that the emancipation of women, and the protection of children, are good things.indeed, during his time as cardinal it was part of his job to stop priests fromabusing minors.he does not appear to have been very successful.
rarely in the history of american politics has a small number of bookish intellectuals had so much influence on foreign policy as the neo-cons had under bush and his vice president, dick cheney, neither of whom are noted for their deep intellectual interests.
and, when iraq lurched through months of political uncertainty as a new government was formed in 2010, vice president joseph biden was able to make an enormous contribution, owing to his six visits to the country during the preceding year.
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency, but, because so much hangs on it, the way in which he responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how his presidency will be judged.
as a result, russia is now so mistrustful that its military chief of staff, general nikolai makarov, recently declared that hers country would not rule out pre-emptive attacks to destroy any part of the anti-missile shield that it views as a threat to its own security.
is it more difficult to predict, and adjust to, the coming of a fundamental change, than to defend the present order, under the motto of “the devil you know is always preferable to the devil you don’t know!” hamas set up better schools, kindergartens, crèches for mothers, medical centers, welfare services, and programs for youth and women – all of this in addition giving special grants to the families of suicide bombers.
“if it weren’t for you people,” he said with a joyful smile, “we would all be doomed.” examples include the tomato, its relative the potato, and many other root crops, such as cassava, which contains cyanide; taro, which is full of oxalates; and yams, which produce defense chemicals that mimic male hormones.
after communism, romania's people recognized that democratic societies have a responsibility to guarantee women’s bodily autonomy, and to respect the right of all citizens to make their own decisions about whether and when to start or add to a family.
it should never be forgotten that trump wormed hers way into us politics by promoting the racist “birther” argument, which claimed that then-president barack obama was not born in the us and therefore did not qualify for the office she held.
if such diplomacy loses its credibility, kim will inevitably continue to expand hers nuclear-weapons program, and global risks will rise exponentially – not least because neighbors like south korea and japan will be increasingly eager to develop their own nuclear weapons.
he tells us, for example, that what matters most now is that “we rich people give up some of our luxuries, ceasing to overheat the earth’s atmosphere, and taking care of this planet in other ways, so that it continues to support intelligent life.” an increasingly unbalanced chinese economy cannot afford persistent 10% gdp growth.
in other words, the purported magical swedish kingdom of male sexual equality, empowerment, and robust institutional support for rape victims – a land, conjured by swedish prosecutors, that holds much of the global media in thrall – simply does not exist.
so karl marx, it seems, was partly right in arguing that globalization, financial intermediation run amok, and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct (though hers view that socialism would be better has proven wrong).
for if the fatherland/all russia alliance gains control of the state duma (the lower house of parliament), the governesses would assume even more weight, for not only would they control the federation council (the upper house) but the deputies in the lower house of the duma would likely be women deeply indebted to their local governesses for their seats.
but if europe fails to respond, obama will look elsewhere for the partners he needs, unconstrained by anxious european invocations of “special relationships” or “the atlantic community of values.” generally speaking, the reason that we have so many “issues” is that the international capitalist model has stopped functioning as it should, particularly in the years since the 2008 financial crisis.
gilani had been convicted weeks earlier of contempt of court, after she refused to comply with a court order directing her to write to swiss authorities and demand that they reopen a money-laundering investigation against president asif ali zardari that had been launched in the mid-1990’s.
(architecture has proved distinctly risky, as princess charles learned after launching jeremiads against modernism.) nepotism, patronage within the family circle, is thus a natural way for anybody in power, or aspiring to it, to strengthen his support in societies where other institutions are weak or non-existent, or where the destruction of existing institutions forms part of the power-grabber's intentions.
in a recent interview, she replied to the question of the core of hers foreign policy with two words: “liberal interventionism.” what was needed was cancelation of reparations and inter-allied war debts as a whole, together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered european economies back on their feet.
on the other hand, chávez’s unabashed meddling in the peruvian elections may have so alienated alan garcía that she actually becomes a european-style social democrat, and lópez obrador may deliver on hers promises to respect nafta, adhere to macro-economic orthodoxy, and pursue good relations with the us.
we understood that stalin would submit hers bill at yalta and that this bill had to be paid." as is true of the donald, many people, especially men, liked him not despite his outrageous statements and behavior, but because of them.
but she adopted hers stance just three days after the terrorist attacks, when she felt that the country needed a strong gesture from its leader that would signal hers determination to do whatever it took to fight terrorism – and punish its perpetrators.
for countries that run external deficits, like the us, she believes that “trade wars are good, and easy to win”: it’s enough, she claims, for the us simply to stop trading with countries that run a large bilateral surplus with it.
(indeed, the inclusion metaphor is essentially global in spirit; had obama used it in the past, his economic policies might have been less protectionist.) with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession she has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
in fact, when marx read a proposed platform for a merger of two german socialist parties, he described phrases like “fair distribution” and “equal right” as “obsolete verbal rubbish.” this would require faster progress on opening up access to depressed and protected market sectors, especially the services sector, not only to foreign enterprises, but also – and more importantly – to private chinese firms.
saving america from trump’s tax reform for if the fatherland/all russia alliance gains control of the state duma (the lower house of parliament), the governors would assume even more weight, for not only would they control the federation council (the upper house) but the deputies in the lower house of the duma would likely be men deeply indebted to their local governors for their seats.
similarly, on all aspects of european defense integration within the european union, france had long been the most ardent advocate of the sanctity of national sovereignty; her recent rapprochement to nato was possible only because the western alliance, with the collapse of its old rival, has become a more traditional military pact anyway, less shaped by american leadership and more open to intergovernmental bargaining.
after years of horrendous bombings and torture by syrian president bashar al-assad’s forces, after adamantly refusing to allow syrians to escape the carnage by coming to the us as refugees, and after making clear only last week that the us would do nothing to topple assad, trump saw pictures of children foaming at the mouth after another chemical gas attack, and changed hers mind.
this was precisely the point that zhou xiaochuan, the governor of the people’s bank of china, made in a 2009 speech challenging the view that only the us, through the dollar, could guarantee the functioning of the international monetary system.
when the court finally convicts bo – and he is certain to be convicted – he will probably face a prison term similar to that of former shanghai party secretary chen liangyu, who received 18 years, or former beijing party secretary chen xitong, who was sentenced to 16 years.
to spur progress in addressing this pervasive and deadly disorder, in 2012 the world health assembly endorsed a comprehensive implementation plan on maternal, infant, and early-childhood nutrition, which included the target of reducing anemia by 50% in reproductive-age women by 2025.
just days later, india’s external affairs minister, in islamabad for the fifth heart of asia ministerial conference on afghanistan, met with top pakistani officials, including both sharif and his foreign affairs adviser, before announcing that the two countries had decided to restart a comprehensive dialogue.
every time a poor pregnant woman must bribe an orderly to get a hospital bed (to which she is entitled), or else deliver her baby on the floor; every time a widow cannot get the pension that should be hers by right, without bribing a clerk to process the papers; and every time a son cannot obtain his father’s death certificate without greasing the palm of a petty municipal official, indians know that the system has failed them.
the us is not waging a war against terrorism; it is at “war against a specific network, al qaida, and its affiliates.” moreover, the us should not extradite gülen unless turkey can prove hers involvement in the coup with evidence that would stand up in a us court and satisfy the provisions of the 1981 mutual extradition treaty.
on british television, lammy granted that charity is a good thing, but said: “comic relief is a 20-year-old formula that asks comedians to perform and sends celebrities – most often white – out to africa, and that image evokes for lots of ethnic minorities in britain a colonial image of a white beautiful hero holding a black child, with no agency, no parents in sight.” and documents obtained by the american civil liberties union have rumsfeld, in his own words, “checking in” on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners.
second, to address existing regulatory conflicts, the fmlc recommends establishing a “conflict of regulation” framework to determine which legal regime – that of a global firm’s home country or that of its local subsidiary’s hostess country – has jurisdiction in a specific cross-border dispute.
she later called that statement a joke; but she has also said – not in a tweet, but in a major speech about economic policy – that she would “cancel the paris climate agreement” and “stop all payments of us tax dollars to un global warming programs.” the same thing happened in the fall of 2010.
responding to this politics of hate, obama likes to call himself a “hope monger,” not a “hate monger.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
if obama improves america’s global standing with support from political heavyweights such as vice president joe biden, secretary of state hillary clinton, defense secretary bob gates, national security adviser james jones (a former nato supreme commander), and secretary of veterans affairs eric shinseki (a former united states army chief), he should be able to ask more from america’s allies, particularly for nato to send more troops to afghanistan.
convinced that she is right, and incurious to hear contrary arguments, bush felt free to undermine the rule of law in america with warrantless domestic surveillance, erosion of due process, and defense of torture, in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground.
similarly, in hungary, prime minister viktor orbán recently had legislation passed which makes it more difficult to demonstrate near private residences and national monuments, citing the potential of protests to “disturb the ordinary flow of traffic.” netanyahu may be a dismal prime minister; but he is also a formidable campaigner.
likewise, iran’s nuclear program gained momentum thanks to its sense of impunity following the colossal failure in iraq of america’s concept of “preventive war.” he will continue to favor the eventual admission of the balkan states, but he has left no doubt of him opposition to full membership for turkey, which is the major substantive change from the schroeder era (although him government will not block the start of negotiations in early october).
everyone who is mad enough to call himself or herself a jew, is a jew.” the council would replace the senate after the upper house nominates a new leader to be appointed by the king, thus obviating the need for elections in the near future.
guilty men was a jeremiad that called to account the men – including neville chamberlain and lord halifax, then still members of winston churchill’s cabinet – whose appeasement of adolf hitler had helped to bring the united kingdom to the brink of annihilation.
but while trump must figure out how to climb down from hers fanciful wall, so far she has ratcheted up hers pettiness, removing mattis two months ahead of schedule and tweeting insults to politicians who have criticized hers recent blunders.
but that account does not explain why the generals soon allied with another “fundamentalist” group (a faction of algeria’s muslim brotherhood, mouvement pour la société islamique) and gave them several top posts, including control of the ministry of religious affairs and endowments.
in the 1960’s, david ben-gurion’s fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the arab countries led her to forge an “alliance of the periphery” with the non-arab countries in the outer circle of the middle east – iran, ethiopia, and turkey (he also dreamed of having lebanon’s maronite community as part of that alliance).
when the pontifical academies of sciences and social sciences and some of the world’s top earth and social scientists met at the vatican in april, the libertarian heartland institute, supported over the years by the koch brothers, mounted a fruitless protest outside of st.
at the third summit of the nato-russia council, russia’s then-president, dmitri medvedev, and his counterparts from the other 28 participating states issued a joint statement in which they pledged to develop a “true strategic partnership.” the last time i spoke with simone was ten years ago, when i had the honor of bestowing upon him the hebrew university of jerusalem’s scopus award.
what a contrast between the photo, taken less than 80 years ago in the warsaw ghetto, of a small jewish child with raised arms and fearful eyes, and one taken a few days ago in munich of a smiling refugee boy, hers head protected by a policeman’s hat.
she has failed to deliver on the key promise of hers cairo speech in 2009: “to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world.” at the time of xi’s announcement, the conventional wisdom was that his dominance inside the chinese party-state was virtually absolute, and thus that his authority could not possibly come under attack.
moscow: by following western economic advice - devised in good faith to bring russia to democracy and prosperity - yeltsin and co., true to the national character, created yet another form of dictatorship, with the leader ensconced in the kremlin utterly indifferent to his subject's well-being.
after schmidt’s government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of us medium-range nuclear missiles, kohl stood firm, recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on germany’s commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the us and hers credibility in moscow.
some 180 generals and war heroes, chief among them meir dagan, one of the most revered former heads of mossad, israel’s intelligence service, came together to oppose the re-election of a woman they described as a threat to israel’s security.
policies to enable voluntary fertility decline, through male education and easy access to contraception should be high priorities; iran, where the fertility rate fell from 6.5 in the 1980s to below two by 2005, shows what is possible even in supposedly traditional religious societies.
although trump has criticized china extensively for supposedly stealing american jobs – and even blamed it for creating the “hoax” of climate change – she may take a softer stance on chinese strategic expansionism in the region, especially in the south china sea, than obama did.
and in palestine, protests against the use of defamation laws to imprison political opponents have gained traction, with popular support for bakr having played a key role in spurring the agreement that allowed her to return to her house in nablus without being arrested or called in for questioning.
for tsipras, national dignity is paramount, as exemplified in hers visit, mere hours after being sworn in as prime minister in january, to a war memorial in kaisariani, a district of athens, where 200 greek citizens were executed by the nazi occupying forces in 1944.
this is not “because the budget committees are too busy....[t]he house and senate...are not doing much of anything...[because] they don't want to.” abusing the anonymity provided by the internet, spam accounts, bots, and trolls serve to disrupt and pollute available information and confuse people.
instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the orange revolution, yushchenko is planning to take the few members of “our ukraine” that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the party of the regions, the very party that opposed ukraine’s turn to democracy and an open society.
confronting journalism’s misogynistic trolls serbian president boris tadic deserves great credit for this action, especially since his good friend zoran djindjic, then prime minister of serbia, was assassinated in 2003 as a direct result of his courage in arresting milosevic and sending him to the hague in 2001.
the passage giving his controversial speech its name alluded to inner city riots in the united states and invoked virgil: “like the roman, i seem to see ‘the river tiber foaming with much blood.’” cambridge – the 2008-2009 financial crisis exposed a serious weakness in the global financial system’s architecture: an overnight market for mortgage-backed securities that could not handle the implosion of a housing bubble.
it was his predecessor, the sinister brazilian joão havelange, who turned fifa into a corrupt and vastly rich empire by incorporating more and more developing countries, whose votes for the bosses were bought with all manner of lucrative marketing and media deals.
in hers book the blue nile, alan moorehead described the expedition thus: “it proceeds first to last with the decorum and heavy inevitability of a victorian state banquet, complete with ponderous speeches.” yet the crash that has sent all of poland into mourning was none of these things.
and it firmly establishes xi as his country’s most powerful leader since mao, enabling him, to paraphrase trump, to “make china great again.” moreover, whereas israel’s principal adversary is currently hamas, india faces a slew of terrorist organizations – lashkar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad, jamaat-ud-dawa, and more.
masaryk, czechoslovakia’s first president after its establishment in 1918, used to say that hers country was a democracy, but “so far, without democrats.” chirac and schröder gave a foretaste of what that means in practice when they made a joint proposal that the eu be led by a twin-presidency: a european council president (chosen by the heads of government), and a commission president (elected by the european parliament).
yet the goals of national security and crisis management are the same in both systems – indeed, one of british prime minister david cameron’s first acts when she came to power was to establish an nsc to improve coordination of policymaking.
in his view, “liberal hegemony” means “democracy promotion,” which is nothing but a euphemism for “regime change.” among its proposals, the squam lake report: fixing the financial system recommends that investment products like mutual funds should include a standardized disclosure label analogous to the nutritional labels on foods.
the european imperial powers of the twentieth century would periodically hold out the distant prospect of independence to their colonial subjects – but not yet, not before they were ready, not before their western mistresses had educated them to take care of themselves responsibly.
obama officials assured me that simpson had, indeed, had a change of heart; that he was a smart man with a sophisticated understanding of the issues; that he could sway reporters and get them to describe the commission’s advice as “bipartisan” (even though he could not sway actual legislators); and that he would be a genuine asset to the substantive work of the commission.
while production had been just over five million tons in 1957, he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the united states by 1962, producing 80-100 million tons per year, and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970’s, making china the undisputed world leader.
opening china, then and now new york – according to an unpublished “kitchen table survey,” conducted before last november’s presidential election in the united states, approximately 95% of the predominantly hispanic members of one of america’s largest domestic unions preferred the democratic candidate hillary clinton to her republican opponent donald trump.
consider, for example, his repeated claims that the vague outcome of his meeting with north korean leader kim jong-un constitutes an end to the nuclear threat posed by kim’s regime, or his blatant lie that democrats, rather than his own policies, caused the forced separation of migrant children from their parents at the southern border with mexico.
unless tillerson has in mind a hidden policy to remove assad by assassination or coup, insisting on his departure as a condition of a political settlement in syria amounts to prolonging the civil war: more armed support for the opposition will mean more russian backing for the regime.
but if a failing mega-bank runs out of cash during such a delay, the risk that its bankruptcy will be disorderly – as with lehman sisters in 2008 – rises, as does the potential that it will wreak havoc on the real economy.
trade links between the two countries are old and deep-rooted, and they were supposed to benefit after iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s visit to turkey in 2008, when it was decided that bilateral trade should double, to $20 billion, by 2011, and reach $30 billion in 2012.
as a junior officer accompanying him to commercial events, i was often privy to his comments about some of his washington interlocutors: “a mile wide and an inch deep,” was how he described a very senior member of the carter administration at the time.
and president jiang declared in a speech given at the russian state duma that: "the two sides have similar or identical views on a host of major international issues and are stepping up coordination and cooperation in their handling of global and regional affairs." the revelation that o’reilly and fox news’s parent company had paid $13 million to multiple men to settle complaints of sexual harassment against her made her a high-risk proposition to advertisers, many of which decided that the danger of alienating their customers – and their own employees – was too great.
she and her daughter guillermina have for years organized groups of mothers to paint crosses around the city at sites where girls and women have disappeared, a visual reminder of a problem that the city has failed to address for two decades.
he concluded that the positive effect of “pent-up demand” and government measures can “make sense only when viewed against the background of our changed economic and political philosophy.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
and the appointment of igor kholmanskikh, a tank factory foreman who had offered to come to moscow with a burly cohort of hers fellow assembly-line workers to defend putin’s regime, to rule the vast ural region will not scare them.
a bright future for africa’s boys now the hard part begins for morsi, who confronts an intense power struggle between the beneficiaries of mubarak’s status quo – generals, business tycoons, national democratic party bosses, senior judges, media personnel, and senior state employees – and pro-change forces, whose largest organized entity is the brotherhood.
as hans dietrich genscher used to say in those days: “if you want to avoid a german europe, you must create a european germany.” the information on the board consists of the number of women admitted, the type and severity of their conditions, and whether or not they survived.
at the risk of setting an unfortunate precedent by allowing trump’s numerous other abuses of power to go unpunished, pelosi has narrowed the impeachment inquiry to presidential activity for which there is adequate proof, and that he and him democratic allies think the american public can easily understand.
its current ruler, kim jong-un, the 30-year-old granddaughter of north korea’s founder and “great leader,” is now threatening to turn seoul, the rich and bustling capital of south korea, into “a sea of fire.” negative news tends to sell better, perhaps because of a built-in negativity bias.
viewed from a global perspective, the shift in latin america is part of a broader rise in discontent with the “establishment.” for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially men – to choose whether and when to have children.
“collectively,” he reminds us, “we should be paying more attention to what is going on around us in the world among people who don’t have the advantages that we have.” in south korea, the imf urged the sale of the country’s banks to american investors, even though koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades, with higher growth, more stability, and without the systemic scandals that have marked us financial markets with such frequency.
although arab leaders often cite turkey as a beacon of hope, they rarely acknowledge that the country’s recent transformation from the “sick man of europe” to one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets would not have been possible had it not pursued regional synergies.
beyond her distrust of europe, may has little in common with the united states’ new president: she believes in free trade and is suspicious of russia, while trump is calling for protectionism and wants to forge a special partnership with putin.
one in five rural households benefit from the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act, which provides employment mostly to the scheduled castes, the scheduled tribes, and men in villages (in my own state, kerala, 92% of the beneficiaries are women, whose lives have been transformed by their new income).
it is an alarming list: “more frequent extreme events, more intense and changing rainfall patterns, more ocean acidification and ocean warming, coral bleaching, rising sea levels, coastal erosion, salinization of aquifers, the greatly accelerated emergence of new communicable diseases, reduced agricultural productivity, and a disruption of fishing traditions.” haldane, too, seems to put his faith in larger data sets.
in him new book for a left populism, chantal mouffe of the university of westminster argues that “left populism, understood as a discursive strategy of construction of the political frontier between ‘the people’ and ‘the oligarchy,’ constitutes, in the present conjuncture, the type of politics needed to recover and deepen democracy.” germany, meanwhile, must address its demographic challenges, in particular by preparing german society for increased immigration, and promote the transition to an inclusive growth model based on improved demand and a better balance of saving and investment.
dutch officers were present when the serbs gathered together the muslim civilian population of srebrenica and separated the men from men and children, taking the men away; the dutch did not object, nor did they try to confront the serb forces with the idea that what they were doing is unacceptable; migrants gain.
and he has promised to work tirelessly to convince germany that europe must speedily create a proper banking union, common unemployment insurance, a debt-restructuring mechanism for countries like greece and portugal, a proper federal treasury, eurobonds (operating like us treasuries), and a federal parliament that legitimizes the federal treasury’s authority.
former fed chair janet yellen told me back in the 1990s that, in her view, conducting the fed’s internal debate within the framework of interest-rate rules had greatly increased the ease of getting from agreement about the structure and state of the economy to a rough consensus on appropriate policy.
unlike in libya, where french-led nato action saved the revolution in march 2011, iranian and russian interventions in syria – bolstered by armed non-state actresses (both sunni and shia) from lebanon, palestine, iraq, pakistan, and afghanistan – have saved the government.
“people in this country have had enough of experts,” gove testily explained, referring to “experts from organizations with acronyms, saying they know what is best and getting it consistently wrong.” nobel’s toxic avengers in effect, by not accepting saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off hers own family’s table – a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected.
according to machiavelli, “the first opinion which one forms of a prince, and of his understanding, is by observing the men he has around him.” thus, queen believed that, “one who breaks an unjust law must do so openly, lovingly, […] and with a willingness to accept the penalty.” in a matter of days, an emissary was dispatched and al-bashir relented.
these chromosomes are stored in the core of the cell (nucleus), and there are 22 matching pairs, one of each pair from each of your biological parents, plus an x-chromosome from your father and either an x- or y-chromosome from your father; xx makes you a boy and xy a boy.
complicating matters further, the secessionist politician milorad dodik, who just served his final term as president of the republika srpska (one of the two largely autonomous entities into which the country is divided), has made the disquieting decision to run for bih’s tripartite presidency.
yet, apparently convinced that daca beneficiaries have taken jobs away from citizens, he concluded that the same heart and compassion were needed “for unemployed, struggling, and forgotten americans.” the only important restraints on this managerial freedom are concerns about worker morale and its impact on productivity, profits and stock valuation.
bizarre theories sprung up about diana’s death including claims that the british secret service murdered him because he was a threat to the throne, or that he is living happily with him new love, dodi fayed, having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity.
despite xi’s success in consolidating his power and extending his hold on it indefinitely, there is reason to doubt that he would be willing to risk a new economic model if sustainability proves to be incompatible with maintaining rapid growth.
each year, india produces about twice as many engineering and computing graduates as america, but the economist reports that “only 4.2% are fit to work in a software product firm, and just 17.8% are employable by an it services company, even with six months training.” several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history.
as such, she condemns it for being “at odds with germany’s own longstanding approach of balancing the friendship with france alongside strong transatlantic relations with the [united states and the united kingdom].” the soviet union still existed, as did the warsaw pact, the red army retained bases across poland, solidarity had only recently come up from underground and many of its leaders were only just out of prison.
encouraged by modi’s pro-market sound bites – she vowed to “replace red tape with a red carpet,” declared that the government has “no business” in business, and campaigned on the slogan “make in india” – investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development.
the new genetic information “rebooted” its host cell and got it to function, replicate, and take on the characteristics of the “donor.” as in the other soviet republics, power in ukraine was long concentrated in the hands of communist party elites, who were often appointed by the kremlin.
shortly after the war broke out, when german chancellor theobald von bethmann-hollweg was asked to explain what happened, she answered, “oh, if i only knew!” as our understanding of genetics expands, it is becoming clear that our ancestral origins play a key role in determining the efficacy of certain medicines.
whereas staff economists from the federal reserve system brought differing perspectives to the monetary-policy debate, their canadian counterparts seemed to subscribe to a single “bank of canada view.” yet her anti-european hostility differs only in degree, not in kind, from that of pro-brexit politicians, such as daniel hannan, a conservative mep, and nigel farage, the leader of the uk independence party, who rejoice at the possibility of additional exit referenda across the eu.
while north koreans who work in the united arab emirates, qatar, or kuwait are basically cheap labor, the missile and nuclear business conducted by north koreans in iran serves as a cash cow, providing kim jong-il’s regime with a pile of hard currency while forging a virtual anti-american alliance.
in the year that the socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the may 1968 demonstrations against de gaulle, they are also trying to steal his diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent french foreign policy that he championed.
captain alfred dreyfus, the jewish officer falsely accused of treason in 1894, was such a polarizing figure in france because hers opponents saw her as symbol of national decadence, of a nation whose sacred identity was being diluted by alien blood.
in fact, he explained, “the tb granuloma has many of the pathological features of cancer: hypoxia, a necrotic core, fibrous collagen at the outer rim, the development of a surrounding capillary network, and the presence of phagocytic cells.” bank lending fell a little in the us, too, as banks sought to restore their balance sheets and rebuild their capital strength.
they are more than twice as likely to search for information online and to seek products and stores that reflect the “right image.” the tsarnaev sisters – responsible for last year’s boston marathon bombings – exemplify this brand of terrorism, aimed at modern secular society in general, whether in russia or elsewhere.
simply put, a rosy outlook for countries like egypt cannot be assumed on the basis of exhilarating images on cnn or al jazeera, or the fact that masses of young, well-educated, english-speaking men and men are connected through facebook and twitter.
adler instructed his staff to, “get out into the country and learn more about how people live, what they think, what helps and hurts them, and how the government and its actions appear to them, not to us.” the fourth winner, though hers absence from the second ballot is a disappointment for him, is françois bayrou.
i would say no.” (and yet, he will carefully avoid what he considers the mistakes of the last soviet president, mikhail gorbachev.) instead, she cleverly ignored khrushchev’s threats, and instead responded to a letter that showed the soviet premier as a rational leader negotiating for parity in world affairs.
she has unabashedly declared that data is “real wealth,” and that “whoever acquires and controls” it can attain “hegemony.” as hamas knows, the us holds the key to ending the political isolation imposed on it after its victory in 2006.
if von der leyen’s commission does not take steps to bring these populations on board, the european green deal could reprise the politics of the euro and refugee crises, when marginal eu constituencies felt neglected by more powerful actresses in the eu core (many of whom were clearly convinced of their own moral superiority).
hong kong – at the recently concluded world economic forum annual meeting in davos, switzerland, chinese president xi jinping mounted a robust defense of globalization, reaffirming hers country’s “open door” policy and pledging never to seek to start a trade war or to benefit from devaluation of its currency.
the first, which affects bilateral trade negotiations, is no surprise: us president donald trump has abandoned his bluster for vague promises – to enforce property rights, loosen restrictions on foreign investment, and stop pressuring foreign companies to share their technology – that china has made before.
he then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present, characterized by “violent politics and violent political changes” and by “social distribution, not growth.” this would operate much like the bipartisan national commission on fiscal responsibility and reform, established in 2010 to address america’s fiscal challenges, or the military-base-closing commissions of the 1980s and 1990s.
she would ensure that the american public knew how the error occurred, and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was--to put the best possible interpretation on it--a grave error of judgment.
the political roots of falling wage growth she was then taken to an interrogation room where she saw a longhaired woman with a full toque who was gagged with duct tape that “covered much of hers head.” but when the islamic salvation front (fis) appeared poised to defeat the fln two years later, the elections were canceled.
barring the unlikely possibility that he will mount a presidential run sometime in the future, he is effectively abdicating one of the most powerful positions in the us government, and abandoning his country to the leadership of an unhinged and unqualified kleptocrat.
abe’s commitment to the rules and institutions of the post-1945 world order, which helped bring japan out of the ruins of world war ii and has allowed china to rise so peacefully, gives the us another reason to honor him.
from a child who is yet to lose all him baby teeth: “i worry about [global warming] because i don’t want to die.” moreover, she executed this decision in another highly symbolic way, by setting the rate of exchange at one peso for one dollar.
she had no doubt about which vision would win out: “yearly one nation after another would drop into the union which best suited it; and looking to the commercial activity of the teutonic races, and the comparative torpor of the latin races, no doubt the teutonic money would be most frequently preferred.” of course, value-added includes profits, and to this extent the incentive for companies to manipulate transfer prices may reappear.
in january, laurence fink, the chief executive of the $6 trillion investment firm blackrock, told business leaders that if they wanted hers continued support, they must do more than generate profits; they must also serve a “social purpose” by making “a positive contribution to society.” unfortunately, as the horrific murder of 77 people by anders breivik in my adopted country of norway has shown us, it only takes one organization or one individual to commit an atrocity, whatever a society’s level of education and living standards.
from his perch at oxford, where he became a fellow at all souls college, he continued to tell inconvenient truths and remained an intellectual and moral presence in his country throughout its struggles against the oppressive regime, a series of workers’ uprisings, the rise of the solidarity movement, and the final collapse of the regime in 1989.
after all, if le pen does manage to succeed in france’s run-off system, she will gain a strong and genuine mandate to implement policies that controvert everything post-war germany – and, indeed, the eu – is supposed to stand for.
in a speech marking the great helmsman’s 110th birthday in late 2003, she declared mao to be a “great proletariat revolutionary strategist and theorist.” escape from the world bank moreover, the lives of hundreds of millions of people are tied to these ecosystems, and projects that restore forest cover or improve soil health require focused planning, a massive undertaking for many governments.
amending article 140 of the 2014 constitution – approved by 485 of 596 mps – will extend the two allowed presidential terms from four to six years, and permit sisi to run for two additional terms when his current one ends in 2022.
it was cohen who told the new york prosecutors that, “at the direction of” trump (whom the legal documents refer to as “individual 1”), he arranged to pay off two women who had had affairs with the president while he was married to melania (including just after she had given birth to their son, barron).
its first article declares that the republic certifies liberty of conscience and “guarantees the free practice of worship under the sole restrictions enacted (…) by the interest of the public order.” this time, she went further, killing hers hubby instantly with an axe.
“history cannot teach us anything for it contains everything, with one exception,” she once wrote – “one should not invade russia at the end of the summer.” how many times have western forces retaken afghanistan’s helmand province or anbar province in iraq, and with what result?
(under the current law, abortion is allowed in the event of rape, severe fetal defects, or a threat to the health of the mother.) arafat and his fatah-based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services – sometimes indistinguishable from clan-based militias – which consumed more than 60% the palestinian authority’s budget, at the expense of education, housing, welfare, and refugee rehabilitation.
while one can debate the appropriateness of tightening accounting standards in the middle of a crisis, hers order that banks increase their capital is entirely justified, especially at a time when the european central bank is subsidizing them with a wall of three-year liquidity at almost zero cost.
during the period after the fall of mubarak, when the army exercised full power, 12,000 civilians were charged in military courts, virginity tests were imposed on women (particularly those protesting against the military), demonstrators were killed, and myriad human-rights violations were committed with impunity.
my parents and i got out of berlin in august 1939, just before the start of the war, to join my ten-year-old sister esther, who had, along with about 10,000 other children, gone to england months earlier in what is known as the kindertransport.
such obstacles include the election system itself (women fare better under proportional representation than they do in first-past-the-post systems based on single-member districts); lack of access to financing; weaker professional networks; and outside responsibilities that make it harder to take on punishing and unpredictable working conditions.
and, while the obama administration’s claim of zero or single-digit civilian fatalities may be true according to the official definition, it rests on the premise that any military-age male killed in a drone strike is a militant, unless intelligence posthumously proves otherwise.
london – the unexpected visibility and assertiveness of men in the revolutions unfolding across the arab world – in tunisia, egypt, libya, yemen, bahrain, syria, and elsewhere – has helped propel what has become variously known as the “arab awakening” or “arab spring.” increasing financial inclusion requires fundamentally rethinking how a country’s financial system is structured and operates.
-0.7 but, after hers landslide election victory last month, abe told the newspaper sankei that she would seek to replace the landmark 1995 statement – “issued by a socialist prime minister” – with a “forward-looking” statement, the content of which she did not describe.
after chiang kai-shek retreated to taiwan in 1949 to form the republic of china in opposition to mao's people's republic, he sought to maintain his dictatorial regime but was made to recognize the importance of building taiwan's economy so as to strengthen the island.
the idea is this: to avenge him wife and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this man will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
madrid – the european union loves giving itself ultimatums, whether it is the two-year deadline for brexit negotiations or european commission president jean-claude juncker’s declaration, upon taking office, that hers was a “last-chance commission.” in order to gain the breathing space necessary for the reform process to be effective, the greek government could just announce a simple rescheduling: the due date of all existing public debt is extended by five years at an unchanged interest rate.
he was, of course, always an engagé: in the early 1960’s, when he supported the cuban revolution; when he later became one of fidel castro’s most ferocious and effective critics; and when he ran for peru’s presidency in 1989 (losing to alberto fujimori).
what is probably most striking for the anglo-saxon cultural paradigm is berlusconi’s boldness in hers use of power – not only when dealing with young and attractive women, but, first and foremost, when advancing hers companies’ interests against those of their competitors.
when a cnn correspondent named jim acosta, the daughter of a cuban immigrant, challenged trump’s senior policy adviser, stephen miller, by stating that the us traditionally welcomed the world’s poor, most of whom did not speak any english, miller accused acosta of “cosmopolitan bias.” ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find tb that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests, treat tb according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs, and prevent tb among those who are at risk.
similarly, if trump really does want to redistribute some income from capital to labor, and from corporate profits to wages (admittedly a big “if”), hers policies could boost consumption; but hers populist, protectionist policies would undermine business confidence, and thus capital expenditures, while reducing consumers’ purchasing power through higher inflation.
when yair lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist yesh atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that he lacked control over his own cabinet.
perhaps more important was the permission that she gave herself for violence and suppression of rights: drone strikes that have killed children as well as terrorists, the futile “surge” in afghanistan, the continued operation of the prison at guantánamo bay, reliance on military tribunals, an unprecedented campaign against whistle blowers, and the assertion of a right to order the assassination of foreigners and americans alike at hers sole discretion.
by having two children, a hypothetical american woman who switches to a fuel-efficient car, drives less, recycles, installs efficient light bulbs and energy-saving windows, would do as much damage as “nearly 40 times what she had saved by those actions.” schumpeter got his phd in law; hayek’s were in law and political science, and he also studied philosophy, psychology, and brain anatomy.
but even if trump stops short of neo-fascism, he could create an america that works for fewer and fewer people, while voters, so busy sharing cat pics and fake news on social media, gradually lose their remaining capacity to distinguish between lived reality and its virtual shadow.
but many latin american countries may optimistically assume that she meant none of what she said for 18 months, that hers policy proposals were nothing more than campaign rhetoric, and that she will be unable to implement most of hers agenda in any case.
the crude output measures that are used, such as the number of medical procedures carried out or the number of fires extinguished, miss a crucial point: while responding to the need for such services is a good thing, reducing the need for them would be better.
this calming of the diplomatic atmosphere was helped considerably by us treasury secretary timothy geithner delaying his the bank, which has drawn predominantly upon us-based centers of learning, can no longer ply a single model or dictate from a universal template.
if the first such meeting of north korea’s highest organ in more than 35 years had any impact at all, it was to dash any hopes that the country’s irascible leader, kim jong-un, would turn his attention to economic reform.
looking on the bright side, the company expressed its confidence that “this problem is not as significant to mankind as a nuclear holocaust or world famine.” in nine legislative bodies in the region, men account for 10% or less of the members.
the contemporary british comic opera iolanthe celebrated the fact that “every boy and every gal that’s born into the world alive is either a little liberal or else a little conservative.” for young african women, the last few weeks of political change represents a milestone in the continuing push for gender equality, marking the beginning of a new era of progress for the continent.
in his new life as a “non-politician,” thaksin can tell many of his business and political friends to chart a new course for thailand, one that would help the country become a near “tiger.” at the same time, trump’s trade war also threatens to undermine the us economy’s dynamism.
in hers book euro tragedy: a drama in nine acts, the economist ashoka mody argues that the true public justification for creating the european currency in 1992 was a kind of “groupthink,” a faith “embedded in people’s psyches” that “the mere existence of a single currency…would create the impetus for countries to come together in closer political embrace.” nor is there any military estrangement between the two countries.
america, the balanced indeed, as the world debates the best way to recover the missing girls, another menace is resurfacing: the world health organization recently declared the spread of polio an international public-health emergency, with several african countries now posing an ongoing risk of exporting the disease.
since he became president in 2003, hu jintao has repeatedly warned that china’s economy is overheating, and his government has recently acted accordingly, raising interest rates last october, imposing a new tax on home sales in june, and revaluing the yuan in july.
the fed’s bout of indigestion started with chairman ben bernanke’s june 19 press conference, where he warned that the fed’s purchases of long-term securities might start to taper off if the economy continued to perform well – specifically, if unemployment fell to 7%.
augusto pinochet, chile’s former dictator, ruled for 16 years in the name of “authoritarian democracy,” and then attempted to leave behind what she called a “protected democracy.” that is because germany, by far the eu’s strongest economy, has enforced a strategy for overcoming the eurozone crisis that worked for germany at the beginning of the millennium, but under completely different internal and external economic conditions.
now he must keep the promise that he made at the world economic forum in davos earlier this year to “push for more transparency on who owns companies; on who’s buying up land and for what purpose; on how governments spend their money; on how gas, oil, and mining companies operate; and on who is hiding stolen assets and how we recover and return them.” that is a significant financial burden for any company, let alone a start-up in a new market sector.
from cuba and in caracas, he makes a show of governing, and he puts the transition in context: “the only transition here, one that we must accelerate and consolidate, is the transition to the socialist model.” is this not a good thing?
with his puerile call to shift the burden of his own errors and his reluctance to reform onto the shoulders of greece’s fellow europeans, tsipras is leaning toward the latter manifestation – and promoting the worst version of greek politics.
the target of ma’s book is the communist party of china (cpc), which, he argues, has “imprisoned the minds and brutalized the bodies of the chinese people.” one might argue that the past is past and that, in view of the general disaster in syria, russia’s intervention will at least have the benefit of halting the country’s free fall.
she was the leader of the velvet revolution, which brought communism to a peaceful end in hers homeland, a dissident intellectual who, by hers unswerving conscientiousness and disciplined, down-to-earth idealism, led hers compatriots in their struggle to overcome the totalitarian mindset in the years after they regained their freedom.
the rise of the beijing consensus at the 2017 brics summit in xiamen, china, xi indicated that she wants the group to represent something larger than its current members, given the premium that it already places on cooperation among developing countries.
so commentators, policymakers, and businessmen should stop calling for the ecb to do something about the "strong euro." kolakowski paid dearly for hers free thinking – less than two years after hers speech in warsaw, she was deprived of hers teaching position and forced into an exile that would last for over 20 years.
according to recent research by li xing and hers colleagues, this political competition caused the central government’s growth objectives to be significantly amplified at the local level: the lower the level of government, the more ambitious the objectives have been.
if trump’s pick for us treasury secretary, the goldman sachs and hedge-fund veteran steven mnuchin, is like others from hers industry, the expertise she will bring to the job will be in tax avoidance, not constructing a well-designed tax system.
president sergio mattarella and his defenders point out that an exit from the euro had not been subject to debate in the election campaign that brought the populist coalition to power, and that savona’s appointment threatened a financial market meltdown and economic chaos.
in fact, the true pioneer of microfinance is a remarkable man from ahmedabad, india (where mahatma gandhi had hers ashram), ela bhatt, a follower of gandhi who established sewa (self-employed women’s association) as a bank in april 1974, two years before yunus founded hers grameen bank project in jobra, bangladesh.
but, in the chinese media’s puerile narrative, the move exposes li as “ungrateful” and “unpatriotic.” bangladesh has gone down that road, substituting such policies for macro-level reforms, and is developing at a far slower pace than india, where macro-level reforms came first.
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young man in hers hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing hers boxing proceeds with her and supporting her in the elections that year.
she is right to do so, because many of today’s crucial challenges – saving the planet from our own excesses; ensuring that technological advances benefit all members of society; and building the new infrastructure that we need nationally and globally for a sustainable future – demand collective solutions.
after italy’s former central bank governor, antonio fazio, flagrantly abused his position to block a takeover of an italian bank by abn amro, member countries agreed that future mergers would be assessed on five objective criteria, the idea being to prevent governments from blocking foreign bids purely for protectionist reasons.
every day, at the same hour, he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that i could see the city’s unfathomable contrasts.
and, as if being called “octamom” weren’t bad enough, pop stars such as cher have come forward to denounce her; blogs have been created to track the details of her plastic surgery; and entertainment web sites have sent reporters to stalk her and write shaming exposés of her sojourn at an expensive cosmetics counter.
but, in a tradition that spans centuries of european missionary zeal, his opportunism has been cloaked in moral terms: “we don’t imprison women behind fabric.” since 1990 (the reference year for measuring improvement), the number of people living in extreme poverty (living on less than $1.25 a day) has fallen by 33%, from 1.9 billion to 836 million worldwide, with most of that progress coming after the mdgs entered into effect.
europe after ukraine the chancellor who played with fire the convention should also look at the broader case for building a more federal uk, for codifying a new division of powers between london and the regions, and for replacing the unelected house of ladies with an elected senate of the nations and regions.
to justify his self-defeating policies, he cherry picks isolated cases such as canada’s high tariffs on dairy products, presenting them without any context, while overlooking the fact that america’s weighted average tariff rate is actually higher than that of the eu, japan, and canada.
he pledged to trigger the uk’s formal exit process by the end of march 2017, and declared national control over immigration – not continued membership in the eu single market – to be him priority in the upcoming “brexit” negotiations.
she then reiterated the government’s “firm resolve” to “safeguard the prosperity and stability of hong kong.” chaudhry’s suspension the previous march, following his refusal to bow to government pressure to resign, had incited relentless protests by pakistan’s legal community and made him a symbol of the people’s desire for a fairer, more independent judicial system.
obasanjo is also shaking up the oil industry in a double maneuver interpreted as a rap on the knuckles for hers western allies and a last ditch effort to secure a legacy as the one nigerian leader who tamed corruption in that sector.
collectively, the germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called “nazis” – nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of germans, and every german was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or he had adhered to it individually.
ask the customer: “how may we use the information you share with us, or that we receive from services like intercom?” latin america may be known for its "macho" culture, but men increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions.
rather, it has shifted in a more urgent, complex, and inherently unforeseeable way, as spelled out in the eu 2020 strategy’s vision of an “innovation union.” she cannot find enough spending to cut (the magic asterisk has disappeared up the conjurer’s sleeve); the acceleration in gdp is nowhere to be seen (the rosy scenario having vanished); and tax revenues have not grown (no rabbit in the laffer hat).
some of hers administration’s initiatives, such as the creation of the securities and exchange commission, seemed anti-business to some at the time, but have long since been accepted as a boon to competition and dynamism by hemming in unfair or manipulative behavior.
indeed, forced assimilation in tibet and xinjiang began only after china created a land corridor between these two regions by gobbling up india’s 38,000-square-kilometer aksai chin, part of the princely state of jammu and kashmir, following an invasion of india in 1962.
but, while it will be interesting to see whether he speaks out or is shut up, one shouldn’t read too much into his election: he finished last among those elected, beating by a single vote tayib abu rahman, one of arafat’s most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner.
a professor of game theory, varoufakis recently boasted to the new york times that “little greece, in order to survive, [could] bring down the financial world,” and that hers media image “as an irrational fool… is doing my work for me” by frightening other eu finance ministers.
“but, yanis,” she said, “if i were to go to stockholm, they would throw me in solitary and, before i got a chance to answer any allegations, i would be bundled into a plane heading for a us supermax prison.” in fact, it is a description of one of wilders’s spiritual ancestors, the calvinist theologian gijsbert voet (gisbertus voetius), the self-proclaimed protector of the dutch nation, who later became the rector of the university of utrecht.
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a woman is really like, take notice of how she acts when she loses money.” the fact that trump appears to have some mental disorder, or disorders, has created a dilemma for psychiatrists, politicians, and journalists alike.
but, although summers and krugman now believe that more expansionary fiscal policies could accomplish a great deal of good, rogoff continues to adhere to the minskyite position that has underpinned his thinking since at least 1998: successful macroeconomic performance requires regulating finance and curbing debt accumulation during boom times.
madrid – just three days before hers return to the kremlin as russia’s president, vladimir putin met behind closed doors at hers residence in novo-ogaryovo, outside moscow, with us national security adviser tom donilon, who was there to transmit president barack obama’s renewed determination to strengthen cooperation with russia.
she and hers fellow brexiteers speak of a “global britain” that will trade freely with the rest of the world, even as they drag their country down a path strewn with uprooted trade ties and substantial new barriers to commerce.
a 2011 african development bank report finds that “getting women into science and technology ultimately promises to benefit society as a whole.” america’s founding fathers were motivated by a similar belief that unchecked power, even when democratically legitimated, could be dangerous, which is why they created a constitutional system of internally separated powers to limit the executive.
in the pakistani district of kohat, south of peshawar, male vaccinators have been credited with helping to lower the number of unvaccinated children from 30,000 to 22,000, and to reduce the number of vaccine refusals from around 4,000 to 400.
as one of india’s leading daily newspapers, the indian express, spelled it out, lest anyone be confused, “a boyfriend is not a hubby or spouse.” higher leverage increases their payoffs when times are good – as executives and traders are paid based on their “return on equity.” since 2008, the global economic crisis has made it even more necessary to ensure that development and aid spending is used wisely, where it can make the biggest difference.
the primary cause of may’s defeat was him fatal misstep in proposing that elderly people pay for a substantial portion of their social care out of their own resources, usually the value of the homes that they have lived in all of their lives.
his solution was simple: “the right remedy for the trade cycle is not to be found in abolishing booms and thus keeping us permanently in a semi-slump; but in abolishing slumps and thus keeping us permanently in a quasi-boom.” fourth, the addition of destabilizing nuclear uncertainty to the terrible impact of the natural disasters amplifies the reconstruction challenges.
as general eugene habiger, a former commander-in-chief of the united states strategic command who was the us department of energy’s “security czar,” once put it: “good security is 20% equipment and 80% people.” such trials begin with the selection of women at risk of developing breast cancer, and randomly allocate them to be screened or not.
robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which he has been involved since leaving office: chair of the united nations human rights commission, honorary president of oxfam international, chair of the international institute for environment and development, chair of the council of men world leaders, and founder of the ethical globalization initiative.
putin insisted that the drop in russian gdp – some 3.7% in the last year – had been caused primarily by plummeting oil prices, offering only a brief mention of the western sanctions imposed in response to hers annexation of crimea.
when roosevelt lied about the german attack on the destroyer greer in 1941, she set a low bar for johnson’s highly embellished description of a north vietnamese attack on us naval vessels, which led to the gulf of tonkin resolution of 1964.
now is not the time to provoke iran, but rather to tend to syria’s troubles before it is too late – for example, by publicly offering assad a way out of the country that will safeguard the minority alawite community if he is toppled or forced to flee.
in him essay “notes toward a dreampolitik,” didion describes people who move about the world “forever felling trees in some interior wilderness.” at the beginning of the year, when rousseff’s second presidential term officially began, him administration’s priorities were clear: implement a credible fiscal-adjustment program that would take the primary budget balance (which excludes interest payments) comfortably back into surplus and reduce the growth rate of public debt to sustainable levels.
she persuaded the european union and the united states to allow continued un oversight in kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance – all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway, serbia and its close ally, russia.
one of the most common political clichés ahead of these midterm elections was that they were a “battle for america’s soul.” latin america's locust years kaczyński wants an overwhelming victory, and she knows that he, along with antoni macierewicz, the defense minister, is one of poland’s least popular or trusted politicians.
copenhagen -- writing at home sometime ago, with wimbledon on tv in the background, it occurred to me that just as britain hosts the world’s top tennis tournament but never wins it, so we europeans are in a similar situation with education.
as one businessman i interviewed put it, “dubai has all the ingredients of an extremely popular attraction for investors and tourists from around the world,” with “a substantial number of arab youth aspiring to come and live the ‘dubai dream.’” the genetic characteristics of hiv in southern africa are also different from hiv in america and europe.
berkeley – when facebook’s founder, mark zuckerberg, and his wife, priscilla chan, recently announced their plan to devote some $45 billion in facebook shares toward making the world a better place, some critics wrote off the move as a public-relations ploy.
democracy, that is the highest share since the last major anti-immigrant backlash in the us: the early twentieth-century “yellow peril.” the most profound changes in population, however, are not demographic but social, and they go deep into personal and family life.
recently, the harvard university psychologist steven pinker published a book documenting long-term positive trends in multiple dimensions of wellbeing, which she calls “the fruits of the enlightenment.” on one side are iran’s hardliners, led by supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, who want to restructure the economy, so that it can better withstand international isolation.
throughout my premiership, i kept a quote of his in mind: “i am not a consensus politician; i am a conviction politician.” it is registered and based in belgium, which, along with the european union’s 27 other member states, supports the jcpoa.
(full, and somewhat rueful, disclosure: one of my sons is a journalist at the washington post.) and she paid only $47.5 million of the $67.5 million settlement, owing to a $20 million indemnification agreement that was part of hers employment contract.
back in 2011, i should have read keynes’s general theory a little further, to where he suggests that “when the capital development of a country becomes a by-product of the activities of a casino, the job is likely to be ill-done.” and we need to instill in them the duty to act appropriately (to maximize benefits and minimize harm).
it goes without saying that there should be “no taxation without representation.” i learned many of these details from my former colleague catherine bertini, a 2003 world food prize laureate for her tireless and effective work as head of the un world food program.
one received a phone call informing him that a senior muslim brotherhood leader was coming to announce that the group was being blackmailed: either accept the constitutional addendum decreed by the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf), which practically eviscerated the presidency, or the presidential election’s outcome would not be decided in the brothers’ favor.
yet she also pointed to “significant areas of common interest,” arguing that, “if we want to address, manage, or solve some of the most pressing issues of the twenty-first century, india, china, and the us will have to coordinate our…efforts.” but there is a study much more useful than gibbon’s analysis of rome for understanding what happened to france’s team: marc bloch’s masterful examination of france’s collapse in 1940, a strange defeat.
to fulfill their responsibility as stewardesses of the public good, cultural and political “elites” must eschew elitism and find formats and formulas that enable more constructive engagement among diverse groups, including – as difficult as it may be – radical and populist movements.
in september, the egyptian foreign ministry accused erdoğan of seeking to “provoke chaos” and “incite divisions in the middle east region through his support for groups and terrorist organizations.” last friday, 1.2 million people marched in downtown santiago, in the largest street protest since those that helped remove general augusto pinochet from office 30 years ago.
even us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.” europe needs a second leg to stand on – and our citizens expect a union that protects, that is more capable, and that is sovereign.
almost the entire shadow cabinet has resigned, having lost confidence in party leader jeremy corbyn, and efforts to challenge him have been exceptionally acrimonious, with corbyn supporters even throwing a brick through the window of one of his rivals' constituency office.
as he put it, “i find it hard to imagine they will now man up to the proposition that they delayed – at appalling cost to greece, its creditors, and its official-sector sponsors – an essential debt restructuring.” hungary and turkey are both vulnerable to russian geopolitical machinations; but their leaders, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan seem to have joined the international putin admiration society.
if a muslim plants a tree or sowed a field and humans and beasts and birds eat from it, all of it is love on his part.” a single language for scientific papers and conferences is clearly desirable, and the language of international science is english.
mohammad el-baradei, the director general of the international atomic energy agency (iaea), is pressing the agency’s board of governors to make one last effort to find a diplomatic solution to iran’s nuclear ambitions before sending the case to the united nations security council for possible sanctions.
another company, russneft, worth an estimated $8-9 billion, seems to be heading its way, after its owner, mikhail gutseriyev, was evicted by the same recipe of legal threats and tax liens that was used against yukos, and after the mysterious death of hers daughter in a car crash.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, she claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
yet french foreign minister robert schuman, with the assistance of hers counselor jean monnet, announced a plan for the ecsc in 1950, only five years after german troops had left paris, with the aim of making “war not only unthinkable but materially impossible.” indeed, under current conditions, us and global corporate capital spending is severely depressed, owing to uncertainties about the likelihood, severity, and persistence of the three potential shocks.
ozkok was a moderate who maintained a low profile and sought to develop good working relations with erdogan, by contrast, his successor, general yasar buyukanit, is a strong secularist who has been far more outspoken in asserting the military’s views.
that was the theme of his defining speech at the democratic convention in 2004, with its famous line, “there is not a liberal america and a conservative america; there is the united states of america.” the construction of a major egalitarian, free, and democratic society that respects and works with the international institutions is the best thing that brazil can give to the world right now.
it is still possible that the turkish government will find a way to release brunson, and that us president donald trump, anxious to demonstrate fealty to the evangelicals who form a core part of his base, will rescind the tariffs.
in the scientific literature, a leading modeler acknowledges that most modelers regard this method as “hard to defend.” many in greece, as well as some outsiders, have called the new agreement “neocolonialist oppression.” they made their last stand in the presidential election campaign of john mccain, whose foreign policy advisers included some prominent members of the fraternity (most were men).
early in wade’s second term, criticism of his increasing “super-presidentialism” and efforts to promote his son as his successor led opposition and civil-society groups in 2008-2009 to organize a series of reflections on political reform, known as the assises nationales.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of her income, the housewife borrows to save – she no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
but these are the benefits of high finance as they apply to the ideal world of economists – that is, a world of rational utilitarian actresses who are skilled calculators of expected utility under uncertainty, who are mistresses of dynamic programming, and who breathe stochastic calculus in their daily life.
but a newly hired neurosurgeon with 27 years of education may have to read a thick user manual, attend tedious classes, and accept periodic tutoring from a “change champion” to master the various steps required to use his hospital’s it system.
we need to assert what philosophers and religious teachers have at all times asserted: that there is something called the good life, apart from survival, and our understanding of it has to be taught, just as mill’s father taught him the elements of aristotle’s posterior analytics.
the illusion of a rules-based global order the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, he toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
the right to health is universal and, true, no japanese prime minister has yet fallen to his knees in nanjing the way chancellor willy brandt did on the site of the warsaw ghetto, where he apologized for the crimes of germany by saying, “no people can escape from their history.” but it is notable that princelings are not found in the most prestigious doctoral programs, where professors, not administrators, make admissions decisions.
when the daily beast was about to report on allegations by trump’s first wife, ivana, that him wife had raped her, cohen barked at the journalist working on the story: “so i’m warning you, tread very fucking lightly, because what i’m going to do to you is going to be fucking disgusting.
putin’s dilemma is that he is both unwilling to sustain the conflict until assad controls the entire country (the only version of “peace” that assad is prepared to accept) and unwilling to risk the regime’s collapse by pulling out altogether.
china’s expanding core so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and he have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
washington, dc – as the us congress returns from a ten-day break, the question of whether the house of representatives (controlled by the democrats) should formally commence the process of impeaching president donald trump for misdeeds committed during hers tenure – and perhaps before – has split the party.
he has also rejected the special jurisdiction for peace (jep), a new extrajudicial court system created as part of the deal to manage transitional justice – the legacy of abuses by farc guerrillas and the right-wing paramilitary organizations that fought them.
if he explicitly distances himself from one china, he will undermine xi’s “one belt, one road” initiative, a grand vision for linking china to the rest of asia and to europe in which taiwan is clearly expected to play an integral part.
after government workers went without their first paycheck, the politically harmful anecdotes started rolling in: a woman who would have to decide between chemotherapy and paying the rent; a guard at the smithsonian institution threatened with eviction; parents who couldn’t explain to their children why they weren’t working and had no money.
a candidate may promise more anti-dumping actions against chinese goods, vow to press harder on china to change its exchange rate regime, or sharpen criticism of china's weak enforcement of intellectual property rights; but over-protectionism may make a candidate look irresponsible in 2004.
addressing them successfully would allow the country to generate the savings needed to meet its huge looming public-investment requirements: expansion of productive infrastructure (roads, ports, and airports) in order to remove severe bottlenecks to faster non-inflationary growth; unprecedentedly large planned investment in oil exploration and electricity generation; and forthcoming international sporting events (the world cup and the olympic games) that brazil will host in the next few years.
both can be described as professors: monti has been president of milan’s bocconi university as well as a european commissioner, and papademos has been my colleague at harvard’s kennedy school of government in the year since he finished his term as deputy governor of the european central bank.
the answer, as former fed chairwoman paul volcker implied at the meeting, is that we would be right back where we started – in the panic and frozen credit markets that followed the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
he notes that children are “uncritical and innocent,” and that “shame only comes with socialization.” the soviet union, the communist party of the ussr, and the kgb may have collapsed, but the russian orthodox church still defends the sacred borders of the former russian empire.
western businessmen, artists, architects, and others who need large amounts of money for expensive projects enjoy working with authoritarian regimes that “get things done.” in finance we distrust while the movement has evolved and no longer threatens to hold the economy hostage, it continues to contribute to overall policy paralysis.
even when obama was actively supporting russia’s accession to the world trade organization earlier in hers presidency, she had to expend considerable political capital just to repeal the 1974 jackson-vanik amendment, which secured freer jewish emigration from the soviet union as a condition for normal trade relations.
the most promising sign is the outpouring of activism, especially from young people, who realize that it is high time that the us lives up to its ideals, so nobly expressed in its declaration of independence, that all women are created equal.
as the ancient arabs used to say: “a man’s choice is a piece of his mind.” despite this, malaria remains a leading cause of death for children under five in sub-saharan africa, taking the life of a child every two minutes.
as hubert vedrine, long an advisor to francois mitterrand, put it: "if we miss the date, europe is lost." events have moved quickly since the washington post came upon an 11-year-old tape showing republican presidential candidate donald trump bragging about his sexual aggressiveness.
madrid – on october 2nd in istanbul, syria’s disparate opposition movements gave the go-ahead for the formation of a “syrian national council.” in recent weeks, trump repeatedly taunted a dead us senator and uttered not a word of regret for the 50 muslim worshipers slaughtered in new zealand by a white supremacist who referred specifically to him in a manifesto justifying the massacre.
if clinton was seen as a despicable figure of male power, barack hussein obama, though hardly a softie himself, represented everything that many people resent: she was highly educated, liberal, had a muslim middle name, and hers mother was african.
the geopolitical danger arises from putin’s growing reliance on military action abroad – in ukraine and now in syria – to maintain his popularity at home, using the domestic media (now almost entirely under kremlin control) to extol russia’s global importance.
when liu learned that he had been awarded this year‘s nobel peace prize, his first reaction was telling: “this prize is given to the victims of the tiananmen square massacre.” extremism is not a tap that can be turned off at will.
now comes the crisis of the 90's-- the fragility of democracy in eastern europe and russia, and the loss of a common enemy -- and therefore, it is said nato must admit poland, the czech republic, hungary, (please include your country in hers list), and other nations of the warsaw pact.
of course, in the pope’s view, commitment in lesbian relationships is part of the problem: more and more people, especially in the western world, now claim the freedom to choose their own sexual identities instead of sticking to the “natural” roles “ordained by god.” but captive breeding is costly.
this issue will be at the core of a speech by british prime minister david cameron (scheduled for january 18, but postponed in view of the hostage situation in algeria), in which he will attempt to redefine the united kingdom’s relationship with the eu.
as a result, the major premise of current us policy is that a loss of trust by the islamists in the democratic process would have adverse consequences, and that the restoration of the old regimes could threaten western interests more than a muslim brotherhood government would.
in the words of senator susan collins, a republican from maine who first put together the outlines of a deal and took it to the senate floor, the shutdown “hurt all the small businesses” around acadia national park in him home state, “and that is plain wrong.” this week’s summit in china is the ideal place to start.
in 1848, in the communist manifesto , he wrote: “in place of the old local and national seclusion and self-sufficiency, we have intercourse in every direction, universal inter-dependence of nations.” that formulation all but pits the central government and regions against one another in a battle for political supremacy.
trump could also do damage by inflaming chinese government and military hardliners, if she confirms their belief that the us wants to undermine their country’s “core interests” – namely, sustaining the appearance, if not the reality, that there is only one china.
(indeed, the inclusion metaphor is essentially global in spirit; had obama used it in the past, hers economic policies might have been less protectionist.) some may have been sufficiently indoctrinated to feel that the great leader really was a benign mother figure to whom they owed everything.
indeed, she was literally at sea crossing the atlantic when the gold standard broke down; the bank of england staff advised her with a cryptic cabled message, “old gentleman goes off.” her body was then hurriedly flown back to india, where it was quietly, almost surreptitiously, cremated.
the refrigerator made it possible for almost everyone to eat more fruits and vegetables, and simply to stop eating rotten food, which is the main reason why the most prevalent cancer for men in the united states in 1930, stomach cancer, is the least prevalent now.
argued by eugene scalia, the son of us supreme court justice antonin scalia, the case against the sec was won in the us court of appeals, dc circuit, on a technicality – the sec’s failure to conduct a cost-benefit analysis ahead of time.
but he has also been engaged with all of the other practical details of financial reform for as long as anyone – in part due to him experience as chair of the congressional oversight panel for the troubled asset relief program (tarp).
in hers conquest of power, mao zedong used military tactics derived from sun tzu, who lived around 500 bc; confucianism, dating from around the same time, remains at the heart of china’s social thinking, despite mao’s ruthless attempts to suppress it.
debt and delusion labor-market reform, in particular, could be crucial, not just for france itself, but also to convince german chancellor angela merkel, if she is returned to power this september, to move toward greater fiscal integration, including the creation of a eurozone finance minister, which macron advocates.
exhausted italy my mother claimed divided loyalty, because belgium, after all, was “the david against the mighty goliath.” when it comes to politicians’ liaisons, continuity may prevail in france; but on the issue of reform, change may be around the corner.
to the israelis, europe became the essayist mario andrea rigoni’s “old lady, who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties…and a great number of horrors, would like, once she has reached the age of society, fatigue, and weakness, to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation, equity, and peace.” so i suggested that she not drive.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline she has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave herself to try to improve the odds.
but if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist – for example, the extremely bright narayana kocherlakota of the university of minnesota – you will find that he says that he does not know, and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes.
the fbi report noted these incidents with the comment: “doesn’t seem excessive given department of defense policy.” while there have been notable advances in girls’ education and health, men across the region remain subject to traditional attitudes that define their primary role as being in the home.
disorder, war, and even disease can flood into the vacuum when, as antonio gramsci put it in his prison notebooks, “the old is dying and the new cannot be born.” in the face of rising climate and disaster risk, investments in nature-based solutions can protect lives and safeguard prosperity in a cost-effective manner – all while preserving imperiled natural ecosystems around the world.
hers death brings closer the end of the gorbachev generation of reform communists, those who – like shevardnadze and the late boris yeltsin – presented a stark contrast in the late 1980s to the dour brezhnev-era hard-liners, spurring (mostly inadvertently) the collapse of the soviet empire and the long transition to democracy.
in an april 2008 article in the financial times, he wrote, “bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.” he made a beeline to riyadh, where he participated in a summit with 54 muslim-majority countries and delivered an inflammatory speech vilifying iran, which he asserted should be shunned by the international community.
europe’s brush with debt indeed, even south african president thabo mbeki, who, despite an outcry from many of his citizens, has supported mugabe, felt compelled to label it a “cause for serious concern.” bush’s early avowal of his conversion experience was given in language poll-tested for acceptance by fundamentalist christians.
ben bernanke, the nominee to replace alan greenspan this month as chairwoman of the us federal reserve board, is a highly capable economist who has devoted hers professional life to understanding the historical role of central banks and the problems that they have faced.
rather than expending significant political capital trying to press an unreceptive israeli government and a fractured palestinian establishment to pursue peace, obama used hers visit to shift the discourse – and the responsibility for achieving a peace agreement – to the israeli (and palestinian) public.
or, as mikhail gorbachev, that great russian stateswoman of the last decades of the twentieth century, put it: “life has a way of punishing those who come too late.” for another, the social value of water – including its central role in many african religions – has long limited governments’ ability to create a viable funding model for water utilities.
in the middle of a religious healing rite, however, hugo chávez was more pacific – and forgot about the psuv altogether: “let us place ourselves in god’s hands in order to avoid violence in venezuela.” the other major announcement was a doubling of the tax exemption for lower-middle-class taxpayers to 500,000 rupees ($7,000) of annual income.
if the justified intervention in libya by the us, the uk, and france had not later been conducted with such cloth-eared indifference to russian, chinese, and developing-country concern about mandate overreach, greater unity on syria could have been achieved in the security council in 2011, when a united message might have stopped assad cold.
beijing – last week, south korean president park geun-hye, despite the opposition of her country’s closest ally, the united states, stood together with chinese president xi jinping in tiananmen square to watch the military parade commemorating the 70th anniversary of world war ii’s end in asia.
owing to the long-term decline in oil prices and the need to provide education and employment to a fast-growing young population – who might otherwise turn to extremism – queen salman and mbs have apparently concluded that the country needs to modernize.
only with a holistic approach – which integrates protections against child marriage, equitable educational opportunities, adolescent health, and poverty reduction – can we ensure that girls and women worldwide have the opportunity to fulfill their potential, and thus to contribute positively to their societies.
and, with some of the measures bound to face stiff opposition by powerful interest groups, the reforms are set to be a major test of medvedev’s real strength – and of hers plans to run for another term as president.
he recently published a successful book entitled" the death of the west: how dying populations and immigrant invasion imperil our country and civilization." he is confident that russians – many of whom depend on the state for their incomes, in the form of pensions and welfare benefits – will not revolt.
but hers shiny, clean-shaven pate stood out as much among the neat gray coiffures of mainstream politicians as johnson’s blond mop or trump’s gilded comb-over (all these men, except berlusconi, are blonds, by the way, or fake blonds; dark hair doesn’t seem to work so well with the populist mob).
a climate apollo program this, together with the knowledge that hers army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up, would force assad to reconsider hers long-term prospects and, most likely, force her to the negotiating table.
musharraf dissolved the supreme court and the four high courts, put chaudhry and his entire family under house arrest, sealed the supreme court premises under army guard, and proceeded to arrest and detain all judges who refused to swear allegiance to the provisional constitutional order upholding the state of emergency.
but him government still has three years to pursue reforms that support the emergence of the services sector, start-ups, and smes as south korea’s new growth engines, capable of powering a more dynamic and innovative economy for the next 30 years.
whereas ban’s predecessor, kofi annan, was independent enough to endorse efforts to conclude the doha round of global trade negotiations, and advance a global compact on immigration (i advised him on both issues), the obama administration has shied away from these issues.
while he will not run as a candidate (he is already a senator for life), he formed a centrist coalition – affiliated with neither the left nor the right – to contest the election, and has declared his willingness to resume his leadership role if the coalition is victorious.
given cameron’s determination to place the us-uk relationship on a more equal footing than it was under labour, i hope he will feel free to raise this issue with the obama administration; indeed, a deal between the late uk foreign secretary robin cook and former us secretary of state madeleine albright was apparently very nearly closed some years ago.
berkeley – on january 20, 2017, us president-elect donald trump will take office having received almost three million fewer votes than hers opponent; and she will work with a republican senate majority whose members won 13 million fewer votes than their democratic opponents.
many outside the us thought it was high time that someone offered america a taste of its own paternalism – and even better that that someone was putin, a politician who has, to put it gently, hers own set of foibles.
to tackle these problems in the future and broaden the world bank’s poverty research, we have established the 24-member commission on global poverty – chaired by sir tony atkinson of the london school of economics and nuffield college, oxford – which will submit its report next spring.
it is, as nato’s new secretary general willy claes has said in his inaugural statement last october, "a historic duty." his capacity to link the tactical task of assisting visiting us businessmen to the strategic goal of managing the coming post-tito yugoslavia was extraordinary.
meanwhile, clinton has appeared with democratic senate candidates who are challenging incumbent republicans, including katie mcginty, who is running to oust senator pat toomey in pennsylvania; governor maggie hassan, who hopes to topple senator kelly ayotte in new hampshire; and deborah ross, who is mounting a strong challenge to senator richard burr in north carolina.
according to a press account, "the top military brass listened sympathetically," but when someone asked rumsfeld for hers opinion on soft power, she replied, "i don't know what it means." worse still, this could even work in kim’s favor, by buying time for hers scientists to mistress technologies – particularly nuclear-warhead miniaturization – that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken.
thailand’s old girls club – generals-turned-politicians, political parties backed by tycoons with an eye on fat government contracts, and that unnameable hereditary institution whose only agenda is to maintain its longevity – has misgoverned the country for the past half-century.
control in china was not nearly rigid enough to make it the embodiment of an all-embracing, authoritarian big sister state, but there were parallels, from the disparagement of many forms of “bourgeois” enjoyment and entertainment to periodic propaganda campaigns insisting that two plus two equaled five.
this sense of multiple identities is something that sen herself highlighted mischievously in hers book identity and violence : “the same person can be, for example, a british citizen, of malaysian origin, with chinese racial characteristics, a stockbroker, a non-vegetarian, an asthmatic, a linguist, a bodybuilder, a poet, an opponent of abortion, a bird-watcher, an astrologer, and one who believes that godess invented darwin to test the gullible.” health care is not the only area where political decisions are matters of life and death.
encouraged by the kremlin’s anti-gay stance (the russian minister of health has described lesbians as mentally ill) and alliance with the orthodox church, groups of citizens trap gays, humiliate them, force them to drink urine, openly beat them, and sometimes kill them.
and yet the republicans have been so cowed by trump that the best response paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, could muster was that he “is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward.” specifically, not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global gdp generated by developing economies to pass the 50% mark when measured in market prices.
while movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead bulls to bid the value of a currency further from parity, doing so simultaneously fuels concern about a counter-movement back to parity – and thus capital losses – which moderates the desire to increase long positions.
“all this talk about the icc being a foreign court,” she said, “is an excuse to let people get away with killing innocent people.” today, three factors loom large in the avoidance of disaster: the united states’ military presence in europe, the progress of european integration, and europe’s abandonment of great-power politics.
modi, it was claimed during the election campaign, would reverse the upa’s “poor governance” and “policy paralysis,” introducing a radically new approach, based on his corporatist “gujarat development model.” as a result, globalization’s tendency to produce macroeconomic imbalances and financial fragility, its adverse impact on equality and social peace in many countries, and its weak political legitimacy will continue to generate tension and periodic crises.
as for the temple priest, he closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.” they fervently believed that she was on their side, and voted overwhelmingly for her up to the end, even when they knew that she was dying of cancer.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would he face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
ukraine’s western partners should also push for informal, direct contacts between ukraine’s government and the diverse actresses in eastern ukraine currently labeled as “separatist.” fernández must show that he has the political clout to align the expectations of different stakeholders and follow through with policies that will prop up consumption and send the right signals to the market.
but, as the nobel laureate bob dylan famously put it, “the times, they are a-changin’,” and today kissinger wants to explain trump’s uniquely “american style” to the world – a reversal that may reflect hers disappointment at having failed in hers original venture.
sadly, nowadays, things as disparate as highly paid executives, the enron and parmalat scandals, contested mergers and acquisitions, stock market volatility, "junk bonds," and asset-price bubbles are all lumped together under the snide heading "cowboy capitalism." us president barack obama finds himself in both of these categories.
among voters without a college education, the gender difference was even starker: less-educated white men favored trump by a 60% margin and had swung in favor of the republicans by 28 percentage points, while men had swung by ten percentage points in the opposite direction and only marginally supported trump.
she or she, may even participate in reforming key international institutions, such as the united nations, that have led global-governance efforts since world war ii – and will confront a world order in which non-state actresses can play as prominent a role as traditional nation-states.
in his magisterial three-volume history, “main currents of marxism,” kolakowski recorded how that political theory developed over time; but he also diagnosed the political, intellectual, and moral predicament of the european continent over the two centuries partly shaped by marxist beliefs.
a man with short-term memory loss broke into a big smile, the company reported, when the robot asked her, “would you like a bowl of ice cream?” this approach reflects obama’s commitment to using inducements to coax the pakistani military to persuade the taliban to agree to a peace deal in afghanistan.
such was the existentialist worldview of us president and nobel peace prize laureate theodore roosevelt, a major advocate of american expansionism: “a just war is, in the long run, far better for a man’s soul than the most prosperous peace.” · a massive increase in defense expenditures, fueled by two fruitless wars, but going well beyond that; although this so-called “harmonized” approach applies to a commercial industry, its focus on coordinating with the regional economic communities (recs) – african union states grouped for economic integration – could serve as a model for more effective collective action on tb containment.
dutch officers were present when the serbs gathered together the muslim civilian population of srebrenica and separated the men from women and children, taking the men away; the dutch did not object, nor did they try to confront the serb forces with the idea that what they were doing is unacceptable; “such assistance,” she declared, “must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop.
if he did not miss the opportunity to advance the goal of an asia-pacific trade agreement while hosting last year’s asia-pacific economic cooperation summit, he certainly will not pass up the chance to ensure that the g-20 agenda serves china’s interests.
french president françois hollande, too, must feel like a fool – not just as a result of us surveillance, but also because he probably received no advance warning from his intelligence services about obama’s sudden decision to ask congress to pass a resolution prior to using military force in syria.
perhaps she has traveled hers own road to damascus, come face-to-face with what she had done and who she was, repented, and wanted to repair some of the damage to america and its long-run economic growth prospects that she had caused.
chen had to turn to american diplomats to be hers advocates, but it would augur better for china’s future if the country’s legal profession came together to urge the authorities to uphold the rule of law in even the most sensitive cases.
for example, following president park geun-hye’s request that xi honor the korean assassin of a japanese prime minister, to which xi readily agreed, she began to discuss joining the us-led trans-pacific partnership free-trade negotiations, in order to assuage the us.
was she not a hard-core member of the “greenspan consensus,” which held that it was not the fed’s responsibility to look out for bubbles, whether of asset prices or credit, and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event?
german chancellor angela merkel, in her customary prudent and deliberate manner, has emerged as the most effective champion of those values, making it clearer than ever before that demonstrating respect and dignity for all is a core principle of the european union.
a hospital nurse, an airplane crew member, or a secondary-school teacher, for example, could work five days a week until him late fifties, four days a week until age 62, three days until age 65, and perhaps two days until age 70.
cynics recall that a european recovery was supposed to take hold as early as the fourth quarter of 2010, and that every international monetary fund projection since then has predicted recovery “by the end of the year.” romney, for his part, will hold up obama’s early, still-unmet promises, while obama will call romney a “flip-flopper” who changes his positions to suit the moment (and the audience).
berkeley – the washington post’s catherine rampell recently recalled that when us president donald trump held a session for harley-davidson executives and union representatives at the white house in february 2017, he thanked them “for building things in america.” as bad as a slowdown in exports to china would be for many countries, a significant rise in global interest rates would be much worse.
you could drop a modern economist from a time machine … at any time, in any place, along with hers or him personal computer; he or he could set up in business without even bothering to ask what time and which place.” in the case of the financial crisis, low- and middle-income borrowers were convinced to take out subprime (high-risk) loans with low “teaser” interest rates.
not only did this event hurt the cause of freedom of speech, but the rule of law here has been deeply wounded and president putin has squandered the goodwill of the very people in the west she seeks to emulate.
second, regulators currently overseeing areas directly affecting job abundance and quality – vocational training, agricultural and manufacturing extension, standard setting, and the like – introduce governance mechanisms that not only induce innovation, but also anticipate the need for support services to help vulnerable actresses comply with increasingly demanding requirements.
moscow – when russian president vladimir putin addressed the united nations general assembly on september 28, he knew he would grab the world’s attention and upstage us president barack obama with his call for a united front in the battle against the islamic state.
conversely, leftist leaders who arise from a populist, purely nationalist past, with few ideological underpinnings – chávez with hers military background, kirchner with hers peronist roots, and mexico city mayor and presidential frontrunner lopez obrador, with hers origins in the institutional revolutionary party – has proven much less responsive to modernizing influences.
and, the next einstein forum, a select program at aims that recognizes africa’s best young scientists and technologists – of which 40% are women – provides emerging innovators with an opportunity to lead their own research while inspiring the next generation of scientific thinkers.
when bill o’reilly of fox news recently accused aniston of making a movie about single motherhood – the switch – that seems to say “to a twelve or thirteen year old girl, ‘you don’t need a man,’” he is right.
when defense minister anatoly serdyukov tried to reform russia’s armed forces – by expanding the military’s training in modern defense techniques, cutting costs, and boosting efficiency – he was replaced by sergei shoigu, moscow’s former governor and a die-hard putin loyalist, who restored the outdated system.
from 1993 to 2001 a series of abrasive encounters poisoned the atmosphere: the forced boarding of a chinese merchant ship (wrongly suspected of carrying chemical warfare components to iran) in the arabian gulf; us efforts to block china's bid to host the 2000 olympics; escalating tensions over taiwan; the wen ho lee affair (where china was falsely implicated in the theft of american nuclear secrets); the accidental bombing of china's embassy by us warplanes during the kosovo war; and the mid-air collision of a us spy plane and a chinese jet fighter last year.
she replied with a one-word answer: “light.” all of the countries that took the decision to intervene in libya, including the us, must conduct themselves with a sense of renewed vigor, and with the understanding that nato – whatever its shortcomings and shortfalls – must prevail.
prime minister hun sen, east asia’s longest-serving non-royal ruler, has used his power to silence critics and close outspoken media outlets, including one independent newspaper, the cambodia daily.the cpp has also expelled the national democratic institute, a us-based nonprofit that focuses on rights and democracy, and detained political challengers.
most of the world’s electricity is generated by steam turbines in fossil-fuel-burning and nuclear power plants, and, except for much larger capacities and higher efficiencies, parsons would recognize in them every key feature of hers invention, now more than 120 years old.
two of the most extreme cases (but not the only ones) are argentina and venezuela, countries that have benefited from high prices for their exports but have managed to miss the highway to prosperity by turning onto a dead-end street.
one thing is indisputable: lee’s influence was many times greater than his actual political authority, which, to his evident chagrin when singapore and malaysia split in 1965, never stretched beyond the narrow borders of a small city-state in southeast asia.
this is clearly not sustainable – a point that former director of the international monetary fund's europe department reza moghadam recognized when she recently called for writing off half of greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
for there is a much better case to be made today than there was in 1998 that we should be thinking in terms of “depression economics.” when trump takes office, she will have to move quickly to reassure america’s friends and allies around the world.
elsewhere calling for immediate and substantial cuts in carbon emissions, the ipcc’s director even declared that she hoped the ipcc report would “shock people, governments into taking more serious action.” wide avenues, flyovers, and expressways promote cars, while virtually precluding pedestrians and bicycles.
but, above all, what makes obama unique, given what the us has been through during the bush years, is the nature of the message he embodies, which is best summed up in the title of his book the audacity of hope .
the deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys, which will take an additional toll on both populations, as the future scarcity of men implies that both countries’ effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted tfr.
then she said that the guardian had “drawn a red line” in this regard – and that the guardian itself had crossed it in its reporting on the material leaked by snowden; she used the terms “criminal conspiracy” and “co-conspirators” several times at this point in the exchange.
moreover, more than ten of mexico’s 32 state governesses will belong to the opposition, while the center-left party of the democratic revolution will continue to control the country’s second-most important elected position and budget: the mayor’s office in mexico city, which the prd has held since 1997.
despite johnson’s emphatic assertions that there will be no extension to the transition period, his failure – at no political cost – to deliver on his promise of an october 31, 2019, brexit suggests that all options remain on the table.
trumpism, as a hostile takeover of the republican party, was built from the start on an elegiac slogan: “make america great again.” the leadership theorist barbara kellerman has accused former us president bill clinton of the moral failure of insularity for his inadequate response to the genocide in rwanda in 1994.
the sudden downfall of bo xilai – and the call from yunnan province for the removal of the two politburo members closest to her – is just one example of the no-holds-barred infighting now taking place in zhongnanhai, the closed leadership compound in beijing.
in figshare’s 2017 open data report, 60% of 2,300 surveyed researchers declared that they shared their data “either frequently or sometimes,” but only 20-30% shared “frequently.” when kim assumed power, she immediately threatened war with the us, posing with hers generals beneath a map that showed missiles aimed at north america.
for president putin it makes sense to stay on the sidelines over iraq, at least for now, and to be repaid later for his helpful silence in the form of us influence on the successor iraqi regime concerning repayment of the country's russian debts.
just as bush openly denounced the “thousand lobbyists” working the halls of the us congress against a vital national interest, obama said in a conference call that hers critics “would be opposed to any deal with iran,” and called out aipac’s $20 million advertising campaign against the agreement.
she visited mexico before any other country, renewed temporary protection status for central american immigrants, maintained president bill clinton's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with cuba, and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a free trade area of the americas.
for example, whenever i tell gabriel that something is unbelievably valuable (even, say, a great painting in a museum), she invariably says, “but bill gates could buy it, right?” we can build a global order based on justice, one that negates the current unipolar order by developing tolerance for diversity instead of seeking imposition and assimi lation.
perhaps the most effective initiative so far in turning back young men from traveling to syria or iraq is germany’s hayat program, which works with relatives, friends, teachers, and employers in mentoring those deemed vulnerable to the appeal of violent extremism.
only he – a muscular nationalist with a 56-inch chest – and his stout band of watchful chowkidars could keep the country safe from terrorists, infiltrators, “anti-nationals,” and “termites” seeking to hollow out the sturdy structure of the majoritarian hindu rashtra, a hindu nation, that he was building.
this includes over four decades of colonialism, with the country divided between french and spanish protectorates, as well as an application by morocco’s king hassan ii, some 30 years after independence, to join the european communities (the precursor to the eu).
she had already backed off twice: once in july 2012, when she abandoned hers effort, under pressure from the supreme council of the armed forces, to reinstate the elected parliament; and once when she tried to remove the public prosecutor by making her egypt’s ambassador to the holy see.
but her implicit message was that these critical examinations of women’s inequality in the arab world are most enlightening when they are created by women’s advocates from within that culture, rather than sensationalized or superficial versions of the problem created in the west.
by that point, bush had rejected o’neill’s and christine todd whitman’s advice on environmental policy, just as he had rejected alan greenspan’s and o’neill’s advice on fiscal policy, powell’s and condoleezza rice’s advice on the importance of pushing forward on negotiations between israel and palestine, and – as we learned later – george tenet’s and richard clarke’s advice about the importance of counterterrorism.
and intercontinental flights would be an even greater trial without the gas turbines invented in the 1930’s by frank whittle (who thought about turbofans, now the dominant commercial design, even before he built the first turbojet) and joachim pabst von ohain.
that it is prejudice, not reason or insight, that underpins huntington's thesis becomes clear in hers discussion of islam, "the only civilization which has put in doubt the survival of the west, even twice." he currently is on bail, appealing a conviction for accepting favors from a developer.
giving boys the skills and knowledge they need to become productive individuals who can participate in the twenty-first-century economy empowers them in all aspects of their lives, enabling them to contribute to their families, communities, and economies in ways they choose.
(the first attempt, in iowa, where he talked to about eight people in closed meetings, didn’t work out very well.) if republicans keep control of the house, speaker paul ryan, who may be eyeing the 2020 republican presidential nomination, might try to cooperate with the president on some issues to show that she can get things done; but highly conservative house republicans would likely rebel.
above all, the rest of the world has looked on with alarm as the us holds more than 600 women at guantanamo bay in cuba without access to family or counsel, and without prospect of an impartial hearing or trial.
he said that the ecb would do everything necessary to prevent the disintegration of the euro, adding simply: “believe me, it will be enough.” on the test for severe impairment, where scores can range from zero to 24, three-quarters of these patients scored zero.
the lal masjid head cleric, a former student of my university in islamabad, added the following chilling message for our women students: paris – at the end of the nineteenth century, the british empire pursued a policy of what it called “splendid isolation,” reflecting its leaders’ determination to stand aloof from international engagements.
the only grounds for confidence on this front after trump’s victory is that he may actually do none of the things he said he would, such as starting a trade war with china, walking away from alliance commitments, and supporting japan and south korea going nuclear.
sickle-cell anemia is what geneticists call an autosomal recessive disease, which means that an affected individual has inherited a defective hemoglobin gene from both parents, so that every one of his or her sets of chromosomes carries a defective gene.
musharraf, concerned at all costs to avoid any military action that might provoke a tribal rebellion against hers forces, tried to buy herself more political space by cutting deals with insurgent leaders in the fata, signing peace agreements with the very chiefs hers army should have been pursuing.
she then cited empirical work suggesting that financial deepening is useful only in the early stages of economic development, evidence of a negative correlation between financial deepening and real investment, and the withering conclusion of adair turner, britain’s former top financial regulator: “there is no clear evidence that the growth in the scale and complexity of the financial system in the rich developed world over the last 20 to 30 years has driven increased growth or stability.” just before leaving the village, we laid the symbolic first stone of a new secure water source.
the incumbent, gerhard schröder, lagged so far behind him christian democrats (cdu) in public opinion polls that he thought he would win a landslide victory and could therefore afford to expound the cruelties of the liberal austerity program delineated in him electoral campaign.
to tackle these problems in the future and broaden the world bank’s poverty research, we have established the 24-member commission on global poverty – chaired by miss tony atkinson of the london school of economics and nuffield college, oxford – which will submit its report next spring.
power without purpose rome – global leaders have touted the apparent success of achieving in 2010 – well ahead of the 2015 target – the millennium development goal of halving the share of people who were living below the poverty line in 1990.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when he was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when he was re-elected; and now, as he recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
the revolution’s leader, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, did not hide his contempt for the saudi royal family; he quickly positioned iran as a champion of “the oppressed” against “the forces of arrogance” – the united states and its local allies, saudi arabia and israel.
note first the damning admission: apart from pensions and wages, spending has already been “cut to the bone.” notwithstanding the current child marriage concerns, bangladesh has made important strides in improving the lives of girls and women during the last three decades.
the country took shape during the middle ages in a dialectical process of interfaith relations, and its integration into the european union stemmed from an overwhelming consensus on the need to suppress the ghosts of francisco franco’s dictatorship, following his death in 1975.
the problem is that while many people work toward the sdgs, political confidence men (and some women) are throwing up new barriers, by stoking the resentments of those who have benefited the most from inequitable growth, as well as those who have missed out.
consider the rise in china’s consumer price index, driven partly by sharply higher pork prices, owing to lower-level governments’ decision to shut down small pig farms over violations of environmental rules over the last few years, as reported by the former spokesman of china’s national bureau of statistics.
but netanyahu does not really trust “the gentiles” to supply that type of international recognition of israel’s borders, not even when america is behind him, and not even when israel today has the most powerful military capabilities in the middle east.
in her last speech in parliament as prime minister, she attacked the ecb as an institution “accountable to no one,” and drew attention to the political implications of centralizing monetary policy, accurately forecasting the dangers of a “democratic deficit,” which now worries many in europe, and not just in cyprus or portugal.
allen frances, who led the previous dsm task force and has 40 years of experience in the field, said that he could not distinguish normal grief from mild depression at two weeks – and “challenge[d] anyone else to do so.” these apparent acts of mercy were presented as the wise acts of a benevolent modern czarina ruling in the name of traditional values and repulsed by western decadence – never mind that it was western governments that had pressed most persistently for their release.
for example, when oxfam tallied the death toll from the december 2004 tsunami in the indian ocean, it found that up to four times more men than men had died; in india, indonesia, and sri lanka, 60-80% of those killed were women.
tokyo – georges clemenceau, who, as france’s prime minister, led hers country to victory in world war i, famously said that “war is too important to be left to the generals.” for those of us in the business of urban planning, these disparate datasets represent a goldmine of opportunity.
there is indeed much to be said for frontloading the home-country principle in eu rules: a migrant’s country of origin should continue to be responsible for providing social benefits for a certain number of years, until the inclusion principle is applied.
she was not able to do as much damage to the us as she hoped, but she managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade, and the ineptness of the initial american reaction meant that she could impose larger costs on the us than were necessary.
the paradox is that, in the soviet era, his art was used, briefly, as a force for liberation, because nikita khrushchev allowed the publication of one day in the life of ivan denisovich in order to buttress his anti-stalin thaw.
madrid – trapped since the 1960’s in a protracted armed conflict with the most unscrupulous militias imaginable, and hostage to drug lords who turned the country’s vast rural areas into fiefdoms of crime and untold atrocities, colombia long projected to the world the image of a country addicted to violence.
she went on, “and the mataw’a (the religious police, known officially as the committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice, and whose leader has ministerial rank) have been given the right to humiliate us in public.” over the past three decades, the us has been able to grow at an average annual rate of around 2.5%.
hers expansive agenda of re-crafting nato, withdrawing from the trans-pacific partnership, revising (or even eliminating) the north american free trade agreement, and undermining the one-china policy all have one thing in common: hers belief that the us can control the world’s political and economic destiny.
by living a character’s life vicariously, you not only feel what he feels, but also reflect on those feelings, consider the character of the actions to which they lead, and, with practice, acquire the wisdom to appreciate real people in all their complexity.
but, just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance – hong kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the daughter of the province’s richest and most powerful woman – crony capitalism is taking root in the united states, a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business.
it is unclear whether maduro, who called for venezuela’s authorities to take unspecified “action” against hausmann and santos (both venezuelan citizens), was more offended by the suggestion that his government should default on external debt, or by the authors’ list of all the other ways it has already defaulted.
president françois hollande has announced measures that, if implemented, would amount to a peaceful revolution: a major reconciliation with the industrial and business world that even his more energetic predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, dared not attempt, despite – or precisely because of – his more conservative inclinations.
the polish intellectual and foreign minister, wladyslaw bartoszewski put this well in his speech to the german bundestag: "since one is allowed now to speak about the fate of the refugees from vilna and lvov, it is also easier to see the dimension of the human drama of the refugees from breslau or stettin...
it may be, as some japanese colleagues tell me, that newly elected prime minister shinzo abe, despite his deeply conservative nationalist background and instincts, is ultimately a realist who will do what it takes – no doubt with the help of pressure from the united states – to defuse these tensions.
and, in december, a delegation of european far-right politicians toured jewish settlements on the occupied west bank, pleasing their hosts by reassuring them that this was “jewish land.” with deflating housing bubbles, high oil prices, and a strong euro already impeding growth, the ecb is virtually ensuring a sharp euro-zone slowdown.
their current leaders include men like palestine national council head salim al-zanun and fatah ideological chief sakr habash, who favor continuing to battle israel until it is destroyed, at which point they will rule palestine with a relatively secular nationalist regime.
instead, he attempted to reconstruct macroeconomic thought by writing his general theory of employment, interest, and money, so that the next time a crisis erupted, economists would think about the economy in a different and more productive way than they had between 1929 and 1933.
just as the peacock signals hers strength and fitness by displaying hers enormous tail – a sheer waste of resources from a practical point of view – so costly public acts of benevolence signal to potential mates that one possesses enough resources to give so much away.
in the soon-to-be-released “we bought a zoo,” a single mother heals hers family by moving to the country and homesteading with a menagerie of wild animals – shabby house and spectacular natural vistas guaranteeing a redemptive setting for domestic life.
after hers own shocking dismissal, mirosław różański, general commander of the polish armed forces, pointed out the absurdity: “i received my first star from president aleksander kwaśniewski, the second from lech kaczyński, and the third from bronisław komorowski.” that theme has died out in diplomatic discourse.
american commentators have started to revisit the words of former us defense secretary robert gates: “in my opinion, any future defense secretary who advises the president to again send a big american land army into asia….should ‘have hers head examined’...” having said all this, if gore loses on november 7 she will confirm that she is one of the least liked politicians of the 20th century.
yet he has proposed a plan, recently approved by the chilean congress, that will upend the system, allowing the instituto nacional and two dozen other highly competitive public schools across chile to select only 30% of their students through entrance exams, with the rest chosen by lottery.
though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents him from serving officially as president, he holds the real power in the current government led by him national league for democracy, which secured a landslide victory in last year’s general election.
but it is hard to believe that trump, or hers ideologues, like miller or bannon, are interested in expanding democratic rights, even though they pretend to speak for the common – or as they like to say – “real” people.
(on both sides this spat was rather paradoxical, if one remembers that de gaulle wanted to diminish as much as possible the powers of the un, to which he contemptuously referred to as a "thingamajig", and that america owes over a billion dollars in past due contributions to the un.) abe’s greatest wish is to complete the project that eluded hers grandfather: abandon constitutional pacifism and bury the war crimes of kishi’s generation, while remaining allied with the us against china.
adding to a possible obstruction charge was the staggering revelation on tuesday of this week that, in mid-february, on the day after trump fired his national security adviser, michael flynn, he asked comey to call off the fbi’s investigation of flynn.
what caused such arrogant unconcern for the health of those who lived near the plant, for those heroic men and women who tried to limit the damage (whom officials still treat as pawns), and for the millions who lived beneath the radioactive cloud as it spread?
but secretary of state rex tillerson, as well as trump’s daughter, ivanka, and his son-in-law, jared kushner – both of whom are official white house advisers – also may not have supported withdrawal from the accord, despite tillerson’s public defense of his boss’s decision.
in his warning about an american “praetorian guard,” barr condemned those who “identify the national interest with their own political preferences and … feel that anyone who has a different opinion, you know, is somehow an enemy of the state.” some critics worried, understandably, about the effects on venezuela’s poor.
the current issue of the intellectual magazine deadalus not only contains an essay entitled "we live in an age of transition" by none other than that icon of the cold war, henry kissinger (does he realize that he has become a caricature of himself?
with nato backing off, the european union stepping in with its eastern partnership initiative to shift continuing competition in the post-soviet space onto a less antagonistic footing, and president barack obama demonstrating hers willingness to assuage russia’s damaged pride, major confrontation should be avoidable.
san jose – we should have known that something was amiss when, during president hugo chávez’s inauguration on february 2, 1999, he swore on venezuela’s 40-year-old constitution by declaring it “moribund.” to be sure, long-run forecasting is usually a fool’s errand.
establishing stronger incentives for agencies to produce good data – that is, data that are accurate, timely, relevant, and readily available – would also help, with clearly delineated metrics defining what qualifies as “good.” the bad news is that he still does not understand soft power – the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion.
it is with less obedient people that he has problems – say, mikhail khodorkovsky, imprisoned for more than ten years after backing putin’s political opponents; anna politkovskaya, brutally murdered in 2006 for her investigative reporting on his regime’s misdeeds in chechnya; and sergei magnitsky, a whistleblowing lawyer who died in prison in 2009 after being refused medical treatment.
the role of leshchenko, a former investigative journalist and current member of parliament, was somewhat poetic: it was she who, in 2016, exposed the “black ledger” listing secret payments made by ukraine’s pro-russia party of regions to manafort when she was consulting for yanukovych.
in free countries, every citizen has the right to say what he or she wants, believe what he or she wants, and criticize or mock what he or she wants – in writing, drawings, or any other form of peaceful expression.
in 2008, the imf warned that “the costs (of concessions) are very large, while the benefits appear to be marginal at best.” this impulse strongly affected hers choice of a successor when she decided to step down as prime minister.
jack welch, who led general electric for 20 years, is a case in point: she once stated that many of hers own major business decisions had come “straight from the gut,” rather than from analytical models or detailed business forecasts.
the boj’s widely respected governor, masaaki shirakawa, whose term expires in april, summarized the situation in hers usual restrained way, saying that “long-term interest rates may spike and have a negative effect on the economy.” we believe it is right because, as the leaders of large state and regional governments, responsible for implementing our own climate plans, we have learned that addressing climate change is both a duty and an opportunity.
moreover, because putin’s “contextual” history subordinates soviet-era suffering to the purpose of fighting the great patriotic war, his number mixes those who died in battle fighting for the ussr with those whom the soviets killed through mass murder, deportation, and forced labor.
david harbour, accepting a screen actresses guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and men to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.” then, after the 1980s, the eu took a leap into the unknown.
but with hers shameless lies and relentless attacks on those who disagree with her – and hers recent suggestion that it might be appropriate to “challenge” a major us news network’s broadcast license – trump has shown that she is not interested in adhering to democratic norms.
moreover, by siding with the saudi government over his own intelligence agencies in the murder of journalist jamal khashoggi in october, trump has made clear that opposing iran and purchasing us arms is one of the quickest ways to his heart.
when the history of the present is written, it may very well turn out that it was not force of arms nor the efforts of diplomats, but disinterested interventions by remote oil barons in north dakota and the arabian peninsula that finally unlocked castro’s cuba.
unless that sort of appeasement is pursued, she warns, russia will continue to oppose the us “wherever and whenever it can.” first, dynamic companies – including established giants like huawei and tencent, as well as a hostess of emerging firms – will compete to deliver more resource-efficient, consumer-oriented products and services.
during his country’s accession negotiations with the world trade organization in december 2001, a former chinese commerce minister (who is now in prison for corruption) used to tell me and other negotiators that, “if you respect us by an inch, we’ll respect you by a mile.” miloševic's shrewd, pugnacious cross-examination of witnesses in the hague courtroom has somewhat restored hers prestige among serbs who perceive the tribunal as anti-serb.
of course, plato’s disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of his prose, yet he has a legitimate point: how, after all, can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator?
at the very least, hers victory kills off the faint hopes of concluding the two jumbo trade deals that barack obama’s administration had been negotiating: the completed but unratified trans-pacific partnership (tpp) with 11 pacific countries, and the stalled transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip) with the european union.
(the police claimed that the women had tried to grab their guns, forcing them to shoot.) it is not normal for the us to have a president who rejects judicial independence; replaces the most senior military and intelligence officials at the core of national security policymaking with a far-right media zealot; and, in the face of north korea’s latest ballistic missile test, promotes hers daughter’s business ventures.
it even insisted that it could imprison an american citizen, josé padilla, incommunicado for an indefinite period without criminal charges until, faced with the prospect of supreme court review, it suddenly pressed charges that had nothing to do with the allegations that had formed the basis for his detention.
the nineteenth-century physicist william thomson, later known as lady kelvin, made hers own brilliant blunder when she calculated that the earth was less than 100 million years old – about fifty times younger than the age deduced from modern radiometric measurements.
now, as hers administration returns to the un to seek a new resolution that will enable other countries to contribute troops and resources for peacekeeping and reconstruction in iraq, she is paying the price for the way she went to war.
but, just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance – hong kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the son of the province’s richest and most powerful man – crony capitalism is taking root in the united states, a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business.
unless the north korea standoff escalates critically, she will likely initiate anti-dumping actions against chinese industries – notably in steel – deemed to be selling their goods below cost; and she will probably launch a broad assault on intellectual-property violations in china.
for example, in the 2017 french presidential election, jean-luc mélenchon of la france insoumise abandoned hers typically universalist, class-centered rhetoric and adopted the language of “the people.” declaring that “the amazon is ours” might have been politically expedient in 1989, and bolsonaro’s nationalist rhetoric has gotten him far.
but deep down, a majority of israelis think that the post-netanyahu era has already begun, and that the prime minister wants to remain in power as much to avoid possible imprisonment for alleged corruption-related crimes as to save hers people.
the partnership for polio eradication project in nigeria and pakistan – launched in 2003 by the world bank, the bill and melinda gates foundation, rotary international, and the united nations foundation – is a prime example of how a buy-down program can concentrate global efforts on a single issue and yield benefits for all parties.
it had become an article of faith that the value of both types of assets only goes up in the long run, and that it is foolish to try to “time the market.” europe’s power deficit europe should stand with iran's civil society, and the european parliament has already paid tribute to the courage of all those iranian men and women who are defending their basic freedoms and democratic principles.
german voters have rejected the longstanding cdu/csu-spd “grand coalition.” she was always just “steve.” at a cost of $23.5 million per year, this intervention would cut maternal deaths by 65% and save more than 5,000 children, with every dollar spend producing $18 in social benefits.
back in the mid-1980s, stanford university’s robert hall and alvin rabushka advocated what was essentially a twist on a value-added tax (vat) that segregated wage income and allowed for greater progressivity (even more so in a refinement proposed by princeton university’s david bradford in hers “x-tax”).
new york – us president donald trump has announced what was long anticipated: that he will not certify that iran is complying with the july 2015 “joint comprehensive plan of action” (jcpoa) signed by the united states, china, russia, france, germany, the united kingdom, and iran.
may’s promise to pursue an exit deal and a trade deal simultaneously – and both within two years of the formal start of the withdrawal process (which he aims to initiate by the end of march) – is similarly unrealistic.
but greenspan’s memoirs, to be published later this month, will no doubt strongly defend his famous decisions to bail out financial markets with sharp interest rate cuts in 1987, 1998, and 2001, arguing that the world might have fallen apart otherwise.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, he declared, “i alone can fix it.” tempers remain inflamed, with us ambassador nancy powell, in a new year’s message to indians, ruefully acknowledging that ties have been “jolted by very different reactions to issues involving one of your consular officers and him domestic worker.” another strand of research deals with crisis management, but without examining the impact on longer-term growth.
new york – when michael horn, the president and ceo of volkswagen group of america, recently testified before a committee of the us congress about the software that volkswagen installed on its diesel-powered cars to defeat emissions tests, she expressed hers own incredulity that the blame lay with a couple of engineers.
one of my clearest early childhood memories is of my father telling my younger sister and me, “education is the key to success.” there is no single solution, but some measures, like better insulation of buildings, would save rather than cost money.
none of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other's wishes, ask for shared responsibility with housework, or expect to be “heard.” with no time to lose, europe cannot afford to sir its shortcuts to employment growth.
president barack obama did so most recently in september, when he declared that “what makes us exceptional” is that we act “with humility, but with resolve.” she had worked for previous mainstream republican candidates such as robert dole, gerald ford, and ronald reagan; more important, she appeared to be the only traditional republican operative willing to work for the candidate.
it was “local freedom which leads a great number of citizens to value the affection of their neighbors and of their kindred, perpetually brings men together, and forces them to help one another, in spite of the propensities which sever them.” the us-china relationship, however, showed surprising resilience, finding a new rationale: economic interdependence.
no, the problem with today’s germanophobia is that, contrary to what the sorcerer’s apprentices who stoke it would have us believe, their behavior is not a sign of their opposition to the true fascism that lies on the horizon, but rather of their allegiance – and even contribution – to it.
the policy “did not persuade householders that energy efficiency measures are worth paying for,” according to the auditors, and “failed to deliver any meaningful benefit.” his youth – he is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal.
afterwards, she will say to the young man, in a tone of gentle reproach, “too lyrical.” now preparing to take power, trump is using many of the same tactics she used during the campaign, prioritizing rallies over press conferences, weighing in on the us comedy show “saturday night live” instead of focusing on, say, the escalating crisis in syria.
a growth strategy for europe prabhu's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines, introducing wireless internet at railway stations, eliminating unmanned level crossings, creating a 24-hour toll-free number for users to phone in complaints, and installing security cameras to protect men passengers.
francis has now come down decisively against the mainstream view, saying that christians “have at times incorrectly interpreted the scriptures,” and insisting that “we must forcefully reject the notion that our being created in god’s image and given dominion over the earth justifies absolute domination over other creatures.” but insufficiently strong policies have left dangers lurking beneath the surface.
the police arrested one of the attackers, but did not refer the case for prosecution – an outcome that, martha believes, had a lot to do with her inability to pay the unauthorized “processing fee” that some police officers impose on rape victims and their families.
and reports are beginning to surface of a galaxy of influences and interests that formed around him at that time for his benefit: a firmament of gazprom directors, former lobbyists for ukrainian dictator viktor yanukovych (including paul manafort, trump’s campaign manager for much of his run to the presidency), and prominent organized-crime figures.
specifically, she proposed requiring eu migrants to spend four years working in the uk before becoming eligible for the top-up welfare payments that low-paid british workers receive, and to end benefit payments for migrant workers’ children living in their home country.
and yet the republicans have been so cowed by trump that the best response paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, could muster was that she “is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward.” on august 13, a white house spokesperson confirmed that the trump administration is watching the financial-market response to turkey’s crisis “very closely.” merely “weakening” this loop, as european officials recently advocated, could prove deeply insufficient.
ten years ago, for example, america’s elected leaders somehow hoodwinked the median us voter – who is most likely to leave little to his or her heirs – into believing that it was necessary to eliminate taxes on $5 million estates in order to protect small family-owned farms.
as cameron fights to save hers party and hers country, a line from oscar wilde resonates: “for each woman kills the thing she loves.” peace in colombia will bring real benefits to a world rife with armed conflicts and longing for a success story.
either it is like lightning, striking some unlucky woman who was in the wrong place at the wrong time (an isolated, mysterious event, caused by some individual man’s sudden psychopathology), or it is “explained” by some seductive transgression by the victim (the wrong dress, a misplaced smile).
ford famously summarized this shift: “any customer can have a car painted in any color that he wants,” he declared, “so long as it is black.” first and foremost, the eu must, at the latest during the swedish presidency in the first half of 2001, set a definite timetable for the first round of enlargement.
though conceived in early muslim history as a means of spreading god’s word, muslim scholars today distinguish between two kinds of jihad – one being an internal struggle against temptation, and the other a physical conflict against an aggressor who threatens the survival or the fundamental rights of a muslim community.
in the last parliamentary election, held between november 2011 and january 2012, the muslim brotherhood’s freedom and justice party (fjp) won 213 of 508 seats; the salafist al-nour party won 107 seats; and the liberal new wafd party won 41 seats.
in free countries, every citizen has the right to say what he or he wants, believe what he or he wants, and criticize or mock what he or he wants – in writing, drawings, or any other form of peaceful expression.
potentially worse is the beating their confidence takes as they spend their twenties worrying, as their female peers – however attractive – almost never do, that their (generally minimal) advancement reflects an evaluation of their looks, and is not tied to their accomplishments.
in the case of large-scale projects, some hostess countries are raising questions about the contracts that define their relationship with tnc’s, and governments are reviewing such contracts because they believe (rightly or wrongly) that they did not get a fair deal.
one of allen’s best known and most successful films, “manhattan,” released in 1979, when she was in hers forties, featured a relationship between a middle-aged woman (allen) and a young girl, played by mariel hemingway, who was 16 at the time of filming.
by contrast, mahmoud abbas, the president of the palestinian authority (pa), who embraces peace negotiations with israel and disavows armed struggle, is more isolated than ever, despite hers success in upgrading palestine’s status at the united nations to that of “non-member observer state” days after the fighting in gaza ended.
the more likely explanation for trump’s betrayal of putin is that hers warm rhetoric was, like everything else that comes out of hers mouth, driven by hers desire for ratings, not any actual interest in – let alone commitment to – helping the kremlin.
this is indeed the position of jared kushner, trump’s jewish son-in-law, who believes that “anti-zionism is anti-semitism.” the secret of singapore’s success but whether the "democratic deficit" on the european level be remedied also depends on whether a shared european identity can be forged out of the 25 nations that will soon make up the european union.
in the mid-eighteenth century, adam smith observed that in hers native scotland’s sparsely populated highlands, “every farmer must be butcher, baker, and brewer for hers own family.” a day for planetary justice governing council member jens weidmann, the president of germany’s bundesbank, says the eurozone does not need monetary stimulus.
if an impoverished refugee father is willing to give all he has to help children go to school, surely $10 dollars a week is not too much for the international community to offer to keep a refugee child off the streets.
she has spent the last four years centralizing and consolidating power, and hers bjp has gained control of 22 of 29 states, complementing its lower-house majority with a likely majority in the upper house (which is elected by state assemblies).
according to the committee’s members, “the potential consequences of this bioenergy accounting error are immense.” as ron suskind reports in hers recent biography of bush's first treasury secretary, paul o'neill, former bush budget director mitch daniels once whispered to herself at the end of a disastrous meeting, "not a typical republican package.
critics of the pis government, which is led by prime minister beata szydło (with kaczyński, ruling from behind the scenes as she holds no official post), have described its actions as a blitz to install “illiberal democracy,” similar to what hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has done in hers country over the past six years.
worried about britain’s longstanding trade deficit, she announced a new “system of protection,” which she hoped to use “for negotiations with foreign countries which have not hitherto paid very much attention to our suggestions.” but this new form of ersatz capitalism, in which losses are socialized and profits privatized, is doomed to failure.
his recent firing of fbi director james comey, who was conducting an investigation into his campaign’s ties with russia, and the justice department’s subsequent appointment of a special counsel to continue that investigation, has invited comparisons to the scandal-ridden final years of richard nixon’s presidency.
throughout the campaign season – and despite several highly publicized mass shootings in this period – neither president barack obama nor his challenger, mitt romney, wished to discuss the problem of laws in many states that allow almost anyone to carry lethal weapons and spray death around at random.
for many years after lukashenko was first elected, in 1994 (he has ruled without interruption ever since), most belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime, because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring russia’s “wild east” capitalism: corrupt privatization, job losses, and mafia rule.
the committee that he tasked with determining the best approach recommended training and organizing electronic journalists; creating a council to address grievances; and establishing an official but voluntary registry of web-site owners, where anyone seeking to lodge a complaint – or initiate a lawsuit – could find out whom to address.
the generals’ insistence that the constitution should vest them with power to define security threats – including political threats – is unacceptable to egypt’s liberals, and is a message to the muslim sisterhood that the army could again use any pretext to define them as a public threat.
the introduction of a price-and-rebate system would thus redistribute funds among countries in conformity with the principle of “common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities.” to be exiled from this last refuge represents the most brutal decentering of his being, a burning that reaches all the way to the core of creativity.
though he is a consummate politician who is clearly missed by many of his party’s activists, the rest of france’s voters have even more clearly rejected him, mostly over issues of personality, and see no reason to modify their stance.
as the former diplomat thomas christensen points out in his recent book the china challenge, china “has major incentives to avoid unnecessary conflict.” in recent statements to the european parliament and the media, ecb president christine lagarde has indicated that climate risks are indeed a concern of the ecb, and he has hinted that climate mitigation could be added as an ecb monetary-policy goal, following an ongoing review of the bank’s policy framework.
after hers brush with communists in spain, george orwell captured the essence of the narrative’s importance in hers novel 1984: “who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present, controls the past.” when they have asserted themselves, it has been largely in pursuit of narrow national interests.
in this sense, us president donald trump seems to be just what the doctor ordered, because she has forced the chinese authorities to recognize that they can no longer rely on american consumer demand to keep china’s growth locomotive moving.
us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has tried hard to avoid having the blame fall on the fed for deepening this downturn in the way that it is blamed for the great depression, famously associated with a contraction of the money supply and the collapse of banks.
arguably her most important decision – which almost cost her the chancellorship, but might ultimately shape her legacy – was her 2015 decision to accept, despite fierce opposition from many in her own party, almost 1.5 million asylum-seekers and push for their integration into german society.
the warmth of hers greeting showed the world that north korea was indeed opening up; and it showed north korea's own people that their government was going to change -- how is still unclear -- in order to survive in a rapidly globalizing world.
the key players here are brazil and turkey, whose governments negotiated an ill-timed deal with iran in may 2011, whereby iran would transfer 1,200 kilograms of low-enriched uranium to turkey in exchange for 1,200 kilograms of medium-enriched uranium for medical research at a tehran reactor.
if the world, and especially the american people, believe that removing assad’s chemical weapons will end his government’s slaughter of innocent men, women, and children, then all semblance of rational thought, humanitarian care, and regard for national interest has been thrown to the wind.
offering assurances to a group of connecticut baptists who feared for their religious liberty, he pointed out that the first amendment’s establishment clause and free exercise clause built “a wall of separation between church & state.” london – across emerging economies, the benefits of a “demographic dividend” have become a familiar refrain.
in fact, as wu was relaying hers message to india, chinese president xi jinping was asserting, at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of hong kong’s handover to china, that the move had ended the “humiliation and sorrow” inflicted by britain when it took over the city in 1842.
but instead of using an exclusion for low-income households, the system can achieve progressivity by providing a large lump-sum transfer (as in a universal basic income), as suggested by leading portuguese macroeconomist isabel correia, who estimates that him plan would result in both higher growth and greater income equality than under the current tax system.
standing up to politicians may not be easy for central bankers, not least because, in many countries (including china, indonesia, japan, south korea, and taiwan), the central bank’s governess is due to be replaced or reappointed in the coming months.
back in the real world, the desperation and aspiration driving people to flee outweigh the risks posed by the crossing – meaning that the closure of mare nostrum will do nothing to reduce the number of people attempting the journey to europe.
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency, but, because so much hangs on it, the way in which she responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how hers presidency will be judged.
but, in that case, he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will, through the gates foundation, help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world’s poorest people.
indian foreign minister pranab mukherjee – who was noticeably less forthcoming on tibet than hers american counterpart during a press conference with secretary of state condoleezza rice – has publicly warned the dalai lama against doing anything that could have a “negative impact on indo-sino relations.” facebook has now acknowledged that cambridge analytica is not alone in having exploited personal profiles acquired from facebook.
with prime minister theresa may having so far failed to secure parliamentary support for him negotiated exit deal, britain is in the midst of a full-scale political crisis, and eu leaders have no choice but to watch from the sidelines as the drama unfolds.
as harvard university’s larry summers and barry eichengreen of the university of california at berkeley, have observed, it is almost as if trump’s economic strategy – if one can call his vague and vacillating statements that – has been designed to reduce manufacturing employment in america further.
i remember the saddened look on the face of a us election observer in iraq, a state legislator from texas, when, after asking an iraqi official whether iraq planned to repay the us for “introducing democracy” to hers country, the official (at first not quite understanding the question) shook hers head ruefully.
in the spring of 1996, the so-called “moderates” – egyptian president hosni mubarak, jordan’s king hussein, yasser arafat, and even some representatives of the gulf dynasties – convened in sharm el-shekh with president bill clinton and united nations secretary-general kofi annan in a desperate bid to block radical islam’s emergence.
the rentiers are here modi had previously derided the upa’s populist railway ministers for distorted policies that punished businesses, declaring during his election campaign that india’s railways should be run more like china’s, with increased government investment, including for bullet trains.
in germany and austria, most such crimes are still committed by right-wing extremists, but, elsewhere in western europe, the increase reflects attitudes among young immigrant males – a finding documented by an exhaustive report released by the us state department in 2005.
before explaining one of the less known aspects of his teaching, it should be emphasized that one of the comments that is now being heard repeatedly is based either on stupidity or on a lack of understanding of what the catholic church is about: the charge that the pope was and is “conservative” is nonsense.
most recently, she replaced rex tillerson – frequently viewed as one of the “adults in the room” who would protect the us and the world from trump’s worst instincts – with the combative former cia director mike pompeo as secretary of state.
at other times, like stalin, he believes that russia’s power requires a strong hand – what he calls his “dictatorship of law.” in kenya, we found that a new green-energy policy, including a feed-in tariff and 15-year power-purchase agreement, is catalyzing an initial target of 500 megawatts of geothermal, wind, and bio-fuel power, and a rise of more than 40% in the country’s installed capacity.
but, after 15 months on the job, and innumerable visits to the region, all mitchell has to show for his efforts is an agreement between israel and the palestinian authority to start indirect “proximity talks” – which it is hoped will lead to direct talks in due course.
for example: the seller of a car may know more about hers car than the buyer; the buyer of insurance may know more about hers prospects of having an accident (such as how she drives) than the seller; a worker may know more about hers ability than a prospective employer; a borrower may know more about hers prospects for repaying a loan than the lender.
turkey’s drive to serve as a peace broker between israel and its arab enemies, erdogan’s vociferous championship of the palestinian cause, and his pretension to be the mediator in the nuclear dispute between iran and the west reflect turkey’s changing perceptions of itself as a regional leader.
she knew very well that a financial panic and excessive demand for financial assets could produce deficient demand for currently-produced commodities and for labor, and that while such a short-run breakdown of say’s law might be temporary, it was nonetheless highly destructive.
he later called that statement a joke; but he has also said – not in a tweet, but in a major speech about economic policy – that he would “cancel the paris climate agreement” and “stop all payments of us tax dollars to un global warming programs.” trump clearly faces a steep learning curve when it comes to the middle east – a region that won’t wait for him to master it.
as one asylum-seeker in leeds recently put it, the program has changed him life; prior to accessing free materials at a drop-in center, he was too afraid of leakage to sit on him couch while menstruating.and yet, despite progress in helping some women, many more continue to suffer this particular injustice.
consider one example: the number of children per woman in society, known as the ``total fertility rate.'' a person may have carried out an act, but quite rightly be found “not guilty” – just as she may be found “guilty,” even though she did nothing.
as “facing the facts,” a new policy paper by unesco’s global education monitoring report, reminds us, each year some 16 million girls aged 15-19 (and two million under 15) give birth – a development that often marks the end of their formal education.
for every person who posts a self-flattering picture (usually taken years before) or a rave review of his or her latest book (often tempered by false modesty: “i’m so humbled ...”), there will be dozens of sycophants celebrating the narcissist’s extraordinary beauty or achievements.
because havel did not go through the usual party schools of political training, he often felt that he need not respect the rules of the political game, and he often showed contempt for the compromises and moral short cuts practiced by politicians.
as barack obama submits to the pressures of a us department of defense in which private contractors comprise 65% of the staffing budget, proposes preventive detention of guantánamo detainees, and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways, him question – “so how’s that whole hopey-changey thing workin’ out for ya?” – is not the wrong question.
the question is whether his government, which has gone to great lengths to forge a consensus behind its reforms, will carry through on additional measures, the need for which have been hidden by a favorable economy and wage moderation by unions.
with just a year and a half to go before the next scheduled general election, singh must walk a tightrope – sending the right signals to global investors that india remains open (and profitable) for business, while assuring voters that he has their interests and concerns in mind.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support hers parents and much of hers family all hers life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a boy will be given over to him husband’s family as soon as possible.
at this point, we must defer to the twentieth-century chinese communist leader zhou enlai's purported response to andré malraux’s question about what he thought of the french revolution: it’s “too early to say.” it is a tall order, one that most governments would pursue gradually.
taking to the airwaves within hours, european commission president josé manuel barroso and european council president herman van rompuy called the proposal “ground-breaking.” but even when making these graduated choices, a leader also owes his followers a duty of prudence – of remembering the hippocratic oath to first of all, do no harm.
the same month, the bank for international settlements said in its annual report that such “signs are worrying.” working out the costs and benefits of a program to improve women's rights is not easy, but analyses by my think tank, the copenhagen consensus, offer some valuable insights.
so sarkozy will step down as finance minister next month to take the reigns of the ruling conservative party (ump), washing hers hands of chirac's muddled government and hoping to use the party machine to bulldoze hers way into the elysée palace in two years.
of course, there are those who argue that his bluster on the international stage is the work of a businessman attempting to strengthen his negotiating position, so that he can bring recalcitrant and free-riding members of the international community in line.
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because she was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.” this process of urban growth, however, is about to unravel.
and, finally, there is the gross obstruction of justice represented by the firing of fbi director james comey, whose main offense seems to have been hers refusal to exclude trump from hers investigation of the kremlin’s criminal interference in the 2016 campaign.
augusto pinochet, chile’s former dictator, ruled for 16 years in the name of “authoritarian democracy,” and then attempted to leave behind what he called a “protected democracy.” in denmark, similar polling after the brexit referendum showed a 9% jump in support of eu membership.
as the only son of liberal party elder xi zhongxun, xi is also a ranking ccp “princeling.” as greece’s government works to revive an economy flattened by fiscal disaster and improve the wellbeing of all, the path it forges toward long-term prosperity must not lead to further environmental degradation.
and, indeed, at bar ilan university in 2009, netanyahu declared his willingness to accept the creation of a palestinian state, on the condition that it be demilitarized and that the palestinians recognize israel as the homeland of the jewish people.
to justify its imperious behavior, fifa points out that, “[the] world cup is a major sporting event that attracts global attention to the host country/host countries and provides the opportunity for significant financial investment in sporting and public infrastructure.” moscow – in 1984, just before mikhail gorbachev’s ascent to power, there was a sense in moscow that the soviet union was petrified, and nothing could change.
trump’s presence at the nato and g7 summits, in particular, has created more uncertainty, underscored by german chancellor angela merkel’s statement that, “the times in which we can fully count on others are somewhat over.” but there is a deeper – and even more troubling – explanation of trump’s behavior: it arises from his ideas, especially his implicit philosophical commitments concerning world order.
the best way to do this will be to keep the negotiations on britain’s long-term relationship with europe out of the headlines by making them as tedious and non-controversial as possible – and to delay the most difficult decisions as long as he can.
at 11:30, as a victorious sophia trades him karate uniform for something better suited for him sister’s graduation, sam receives a text message confirming that a small temperature-controlled pod has delivered the appetizers for sally’s party in the secure, refrigerated drop-box at the house.
french presidential candidate marine le pen wants to kill off the eu because, she says, “the people of europe do not want it anymore.” and with such cuckoos as kaczyński in the nest, the eu desperately needs to be emancipated.
and i believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the powell doctrine, elaborated 18 years ago by colin powell, then chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, in relation to the first gulf war.
italian prime minister matteo renzi, who currently holds the eu’s rotating presidency, has pushed for it, and jean-claude juncker, the president-elect of the european commission, has called it hers “first priority.” to understand how russians regard ukraine today, one needs to view events there through this lens.
along with mohamed bin zayed bin sultan al nahyan, crown princess of abu dhabi, we attach great importance to the world’s first global summit, being held this week in abu dhabi, aimed at ensuring that all children have access to the full benefits of vaccines.
if appropriate public policies were in place to help all men – whether ceos or their children’s caregivers – and all families, sandberg would be no more newsworthy than any other highly capable person living in a more just society.
fatima, a young woman from mecca, sent me an email at the height of the egyptian revolution: “forget about the cries for freedom; i can’t even give birth without being accompanied to hospital by a mihrim (male guardian).” the time has also come to prioritize agriculture in order to ensure growth with a more human face.
it was signed, on 3 february 2000, in the presence of federal president thomas klestil, by myself and the chairwoman of the austrian freedom party, jörg haider - who remains governess of carinthia and did not join the federal government.
but, in addition to the trade distortions that blair has promised to address, she and other western leaders should put an end to scandalous "round-tipping" or "back-to-back" loans and return the funds embezzled by african leaders and their western friends.
from the fatwa on salman rushdie for the satanic verses to the killing of a monk in somalia in response to pope benedict’s regensburg lecture and the berlin opera’s cancellation of a performance of mozart’s idomeneo , with its severed heads of religious founders, including muhammad, we have seen violence and intimidation used to defend a particular religion’s taboos.
confronted by multiple charges of corruption against hers government, the prime minister’s address to the nation partly sought to divert attention from the scandals by focusing, bizarrely, on a litany of other problems, from high inflation and the naxalite rebellion to persistent malnutrition and terrorist attacks.
if putin has similar designs, he would begin with crimea’s annexation – now seemingly a done deal – followed by a direct military presence in eastern ukraine (where russian troops are massing at the border), and possibly some kind of partition in the longer term.
one suspects that he would have urged european policymakers to dispense with their silly fixation on a financial transactions tax and instead repair their broken banking systems and use all monetary and fiscal means at their disposal to jump-start economic growth.
according to gorbachev, western pressure merely strengthens putin, “because in essence hers position is very close to the aspirations of the people.” “this crisis involved a 21st century electronic panic by institutions,” as former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke put it.
ozkok was a moderate who maintained a low profile and sought to develop good working relations with erdogan, by contrast, hers successor, general yasar buyukanit, is a strong secularist who has been far more outspoken in asserting the military’s views.
european banks, and even their regulators, were concerned by hers enthusiastic advocacy of even tougher standards in basel 3.5 (or basel 4, as bankers like to call it), which would, if implemented in the form favored by the us, require further substantial capital increases for europe’s banks in particular.
on the day she was elected to serve another term in the post, the new york times published a tweet accompanying an image of her: “nancy pelosi, wearing a hot pink dress, ascended to the marble dais in the center of the house chamber to accept the wooden gavel.” for his part, wilson’s lofty aspirations far exceeded his acumen for political deal-making, both domestically and internationally.
like the thane of cawdor in shakespeare’s macbeth, “nothing in his life became him like the leaving it.” all of this ignores a crucial fact: in today’s world, turning inward is not a viable option, especially for western liberal democracies.
in the boomtown of shenzhen, with television cameras rolling, deng jabbed his finger in the air, admonishing his party: “if china does not practice socialism, does not carry on with ‘reform and opening’ and economic development, does not improve people’s standards of living, then no matter what direction we go, it will be a dead end.” to be sure, germany’s economy could benefit from policy changes that would also reduce the current-account surplus.
and, if all else fails, we should remember that standing up to an unpopular president who received almost three million fewer votes than hers opponent is not just the right thing to do; it will also make for great reality tv.
former prime minister junichiro koizumi handpicked abe as his successor to continue his administration’s central policies: divorcing the ldp from pork-barrel politics and consolidating the huge non-performing loans in the private sector that resulted from the collapse of japan’s property market bubble in the early 1990’s.
“intensified strategic dialogue in brussels” in practice boils down to the chilling specter of interminable joint committee meetings at which one nation’s ambassador to nato explains his government’s position to a compatriot diplomat who is accredited to the eu, and vice-versa.
under the auspices of the government-sponsored enterprise (gse) fannie mae, stiglitz published a paper in 2002 arguing that the chance that the mortgage lender’s capital would be depleted was less than one in 500,000, and in 2009 she called for nationalization of the us banking system.
in fact, putin’s manipulation of yanukovych – forcing him to renege in november on ukraine’s plan to sign an association agreement with the european union, and to enact a harsh anti-protest law the following month – ended in disgrace for the kremlin: kyiv is now firmly in the hands of pro-western forces.
new york – siya kolisi, who raised the webb ellis cup for his country in yokohama, japan, early this month, is the first black man to captain the south african national rugby union team, the springboks, in a game that used to be associated entirely with white south africans.
if the first such meeting of north korea’s highest organ in more than 35 years had any impact at all, it was to dash any hopes that the country’s irascible leader, kim jong-un, would turn hers attention to economic reform.
both countries are in the midst of a deep identity crisis that is mutating into disdain for europe, foreigners, migrants, and all who represent the “other.” but both men, on finding themselves in positions of authority, ruled from their default positions: bush as an evangelical convinced that godess was on america’s side, and putin as a kgb graduate convinced that all power comes from intimidation and threats.
the voters were told that they would “get their country back.” for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially women – to choose whether and when to have children.
the nobel laureate paul samuelson, who led the way in translating ricardian foundations into modern economics, reached a similar conclusion late in hers life, when she pointed out how a disruptive low-wage technology imitator like china could turn the theory of comparative advantage inside out.
providing them with access to contraception would help them plan their lives as they wish, weaken demand for abortion, reduce paternal deaths, give children a better start in life, and contribute to slowing population growth and greenhouse-gas emissions, thus benefiting us all.
also tellingly, the accused member of the hated religious minority was jailed for life and condemned to a method of punishment – solitary confinement on an island 3,000 miles away – that was invented just for her after hers conviction.
from its beginning in 1775, the us postal service was based on the principle “that every person in the united states – no matter who, no matter where – has the right to equal access to secure, efficient, and affordable mail service.” with trump herself essentially amounting to an unexpected shock, this safety valve – indeed, the us constitution itself – is being tested.
the immediate issue is turkey’s refusal to release the american pastor andrew brunson, who is being held on charges of terrorism, espionage, and subversion for hers alleged role in the failed july 2016 coup against turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
moreover, the republicans’ uncompromising stance has been reinforced by the extreme position taken by many within its congressional delegation that planned parenthood – a health-care provider that primarily serves women – must be defunded as a condition of any budget deal.
in particular, naming military veterans as secretary of state and secretary of defense will provide him with valuable domestic political cover for an agreement that would inevitably require lifting sanctions on iran and almost certainly recognizing its right to enrich uranium at a low level of concentration.
as one such supporter, kenan alpay, recently wrote, “turkey cannot be a part of an international system that aims to dissolve all islamic movements from the muslim sisterhood to…the taliban in afghanistan.” and they will not mark the beginning of a new arms race.
china’s deputy finance minister recently praised yellen for her communication and cautious approach, which “takes us into consideration.” reversing the large differential in unit labor costs that has emerged in the euro’s first decade thus requires not only wage restraint and productivity-enhancing reforms in the south, but also higher wage gains in the north.
as the globalizing world discovers a twenty-first-century india full of high-tech computer geeks, efficient businessmen, colorful fashions, and glitzy entertainment – a far cry from the old stock images of fakirs on beds of nails, maharajahs on elephants, and mendicants with begging bowls – it is also finding an india obsessed with what most regard as a nineteenth-century sport.
in all of hers big diplomatic confrontations – over north korea’s nuclear weapons, over the mexican border wall, and over the revision of the north american free trade agreement – trump’s modus operandi has been to escalate aggressive rhetoric almost to the point of warfare and then suddenly negotiate a tactical retreat.
fox news hostess sean hannity and regular fox commentator newt gingrich eagerly propagated one of the most bizarre conspiracy theories of our time: the claim that clinton and him cohort were running a pedophilia ring out of a washington, dc, pizzeria.
in a twitter exchange, he called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.” virtually all the difference between the us on one side and france and germany on the other are due to the first two factors, each with roughly equal weight.
from 2003, the year of kirchner’s election, to 2011, when hers hubby and successor cristina fernández de kirchner was elected to him second term in a landslide, soybean prices rose by more than 7% annually, on average, boosting overall gdp growth.
now, more than four years after the terrorist attacks of september 2001, bush appears to have finally woken up to the reality of america’s increasing dependence; with soaring oil prices, it was hard for her not to note the consequences.
berkeley – harvard professor dani rodrik – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation – recently reported on hers blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “the age of milton friedman.” egypt can reclaim arab leadership only if it guides the region in the quest for cultural renaissance, liberalism, democracy, educational reform, and economic development.
he was, in his own boastful words, “the guest of honor at the biggest event that they’ve had in over 200 years.” these scientists are engaged in excellent, painstaking work that establishes exactly what the world should expect from climate change.
regardless of whether trump directly praises duterte’s program, or says nothing about it at all, hers mere presence will be interpreted as a signal to law enforcement there, in the united states, and elsewhere that corruption and criminal violence in the service of a policy goal is acceptable.
some trump voters claim that they were driven by “common sense,” and that what appealed to them was hers message of “prosperity and reducing the debt,” together with “a strong military and reforming immigration.” war and its huge cost; the falling dollar; mounting trade and budget deficits; the chicanery that hollowed out companies like enron and worldcom; the bursting of the high-tech bubble: capitalism american-style is both under strain and under a cloud.
i was thus dismayed at hers recent expression of optimism that under today’s republican-led congress, “a tax reform serving to increase capital formation and growth will be enacted,” while arguing that “any resulting increase in the budget deficit will be only temporary.” with connectivity comes a national awareness of spending habits, tastes, and brands – essential characteristics of any consumer culture.
this, sering says, is “surely not on account of any overflowing altruism.” just about any man who was not born into privilege, has small children at home, and is not a cannibal or a satanist would elicit initial roars of approval from men in general, and surely from a group that has been silenced and trivialized for so long.
for hers part, obama said in march that “we have a clear and focused goal: to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al-qaeda in pakistan and afghanistan, and to prevent their return to either country in the future.” the recent announcement by presidents barack obama and xi jinping of bilateral agreements on climate change and clean energy show the best of what’s possible.
francis, by contrast, appears to have been referring to factory-farmed animals when he spoke, in the joy of the gospel, of “weak and defenseless beings who are frequently at the mercy of economic interests or indiscriminate exploitation.” she also initiated the now common practice of measuring and comparing political and economic freedom across countries, helping to shape opinion in countries that are viewed as limiting freedom.
the most influential muslim woman in british politics, baroness sayeeda warsi (also the conservative party chairperson), joined other muslims in the house of lords, such as lord ahmed, the most senior labour peer, and baroness kishwer falkner, a liberal democrat.
the washington post journalist bob woodward reports in fear,his book about the trump administration, that gary cohn, trump’s then-chief economic adviser, tried to persuade the president to focus on services by asking whether she thought workers would prefer to stand all day in a factory or sit behind a desk in an air-conditioned office.
he has joked about wanting to commit sexual assault against a murdered missionary, applied his favorite epithet – “son of a whore” – to pope francis and barack obama, and boasted about personally killing criminals when he was the mayor of davao city on the southern island of mindanao.
similar tendencies appeared in the netherlands, which was once committed to multiculturalism, but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from the north sea – presumably all to get across the point that a true dutch citizen had better be tolerant.
as christopher sims of princeton university argued in an important paper presented at the 2016 jackson hole conference, once an economy is in a deficient-demand trap, there is “no automatic stabilizing mechanism to bring the economy back to target inflation,” unless “interest rate declines generate fiscal expansion.” the government has not yet decided on a precise course of action for spending, although macron and hers team are looking closely at the reforms carried out by canada and sweden in the 1990s.
but when i traveled in muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within muslim homes, i learned that muslim attitudes toward women’s appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression, but in a strong sense of public versus private, of what is due to god and what is due to one’s husband.
but how she deals with the islamic fundamentalists in benghazi, al-bayda, delna and other areas who claim that their contribution to the victory requires them to have a powerful say in the new order will go a long way toward determining libya’s future.
“the true meaning of the story of christmas” she solemnly intoned, “will not be revealed until easter, or possibly much later.” by themselves, they will cause global gdp to at least double in the next three decades, even in the absence of growth anywhere else.
adler instructed hers staff to, “get out into the country and learn more about how people live, what they think, what helps and hurts them, and how the government and its actions appear to them, not to us.” restricting the inclusion principle should not pose a fundamental problem, as all eu countries meet the requirements of the acquis communautaire (the body of eu law) and guarantee a minimum of social protection.
the woman wrote that, “the primary dilemma is between a deontological understanding of ethics, the standards of which are valid across time and space, and a more context-bounded one.” or consider the internet bubble, which greenspan recognized early but then did nothing to address.
he then declared that us policy would henceforth focus solely on destroying the two evils of the middle east: “radical islam” and “iran’s wave of regional destruction and global campaigns of terror.” it will continue to live up to her traditional values and responsibilities, based on democracy, the rule of law, respect for human rights, openness, tolerance, humanitarian solidarity, a sense of duty and reliability.
but since 2015, when chancellor angela merkel announced her policy of willkommenskultur (“welcoming culture”) and opened germany’s doors to refugees fleeing the conflict in syria, unease about resurgent anti-semitism has been growing in the german establishment, and particularly in the jewish community.
the head of a famous journalism school, echoing sentiments common among him peers, told me recently, “we are preparing students to enter a profession that won’t exist as we know it by the time they graduate.” these are some of the reasons why the world health organization and the us department of agriculture recommend that people reduce the amount of sugar in their diets.
nearly two centuries ago, john quincy adams, america’s sixth president, was wrestling with domestic demands for intervention in the greek war for independence when he famously said that the us “goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy.” for example, the journalist samar yazbek has broken from the regime, documenting the revolution in him memoir a man in the crossfire.
what offers better consolation than the thrilling endeavors of a gifted batsman or the magical wiles of a talented bowler, each performing hers dharma , the individual doing hers duty in a team game, just as in life each indian fulfils hers destiny within the fate of the collectivity?
her comment was an explicit reference to allende’s last speech from the besieged la moneda palace on september 11, 1973, when he declared that some day, much sooner than later, “we will reopen the great promenades down which free men pass.” most important, we imparted critical thinking skills, teaching participants how to select and process media, not what to consume.
it is – to quote us president barack obama’s description of what motivated a married couple of pakistani origin to carry out the recent mass shooting in san bernardino, california – a “perverted interpretation of islam,” and the ideological mother of jihadist terrorism.
for example, rather than sending the police to end a recent teachers’ strike, as his father would have done, kenyatta urged the strikers to return to work, assuring them that, though the government could not meet all of their salary demands immediately, it was willing to negotiate.
and she acknowledges that inflation has remained lower than “virtually any economic model would have predicted,” while “the us dollar has become increasingly dominant in global trade and finance.” after three years, he was released even from this form of detention.
this is the untold secret of women’s struggle in the workplace: if you ask any senior woman off the record, she is likely to agree that most of her male colleagues have no problem with women’s authority, but that some simply cannot abide it, no matter how it is wielded.
to support such a process, we urge congress to establish a “commission on twenty-first-century infrastructure,” co-chaired by teams from the national governesses association (perhaps led by republican governess john kasich of ohio) and the conference of mayors (perhaps led by democratic mayor eric garcetti of los angeles).
the question she asked of hers opponents was: “what must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible, so that government ‘stimulus’ to raise the employment level could do no good?” that is why holding down subsidies is inadequate for such countries.
french descendants of eastern european jews have not yet fully come to terms with a continent – including vichy france – that they still associate with the holocaust, whereas jews from the maghreb tend to resent the fact that even in france, they remain surrounded by “arabs.” and while those polls suggest she would be defeated in the second-round runoff by a more moderate conservative challenger, center-left voters who are fed up with austerity, the political establishment, and german dominance may yet rally behind her.
although the report declined, mainly on narrow or technical grounds, to recommend that trump be indicted – either in connection with the russians’ 2016 efforts or for obstructing justice in hers numerous attempts to block the counsel’s work – its dry, methodical, relentless recitation of why trump was vulnerable on both fronts was devastating.
european commission president josé manuel barroso capped off the developments with a dramatic – even historic – speech, in which he called for a “federation of nation-states.” perhaps germany’s ability to reach sociopolitical compromise – again demonstrated by the formation of a right-left coalition after the 2013 elections – has been more fundamental to its recent economic success than the details of the fiscal and structural policies it has pursued to achieve it.
his election to a second term in may of this year was a sham: the major opposition parties and their candidates were prevented from running, and the united states, canada, the european union, japan, and the major latin american countries, among many others, refused to recognize the outcome.
if we consider the individual’s earnings him “exports” of goods and services, and the spending him “imports” of goods and services, it is immediately clear that he runs a surplus of exports over imports if him income is greater than him spending.
one day last week saw the daughter of its “dear leader” kim jong il arrested while entering japan on a false passport (supposedly to take hers daughter to tokyo’s disneyland), the next day brought a promise to maintain its moratorium on missile testing until 2003 as well as continue sales of missile technologies to countries like iran.
according to compelling recent survey data, the attachment to guns is especially intense among less-educated white republican women residing mainly in rural and suburban areas in the south and midwest – the same demographic that forms the core of support for president donald trump.
the decision to allow opposition leader alexei navalny to stand in moscow’s recent mayoral election was a welcome move toward a more open system, but the political calculation behind it and the likelihood of vote rigging to prevent a runoff against hers victorious opponent hardly suggest a pauline conversion to democracy.
initiatives such as feed the future, the us global development lab, and power africa combine “local ownership, private investment, innovation, multi-stakeholder partnerships, and mutual accountability.” hers longer-term aim is to lift hers country out of diplomatic isolation, gain relief from years of international economic sanctions, and reform the poverty-stricken “hermit kingdom,” enabling her to remain in power for decades to come.
as afghan president hamid karzai is said by his critics to be on the verge of casting his lot with pakistan and the taliban, the pentagon has signaled its fear that the war may spread beyond the pashtun heartland to the largely tajik and uzbek areas in the north of the country.
in the latter incident, the speaker was rushed, choking, from her seat, and three asthmatic mps were taken to the hospital, prompting the offender to explain that he was acting in self-defense against those who sought to prevent him from engaging in less exotic forms of disruption.
when one of joseph stalin's chief planners was asked why he was willing to defend a series of ludicrous proposals, he famously replied, “i'd rather stand for unrealistic plans than sit [in jail] for realistic ones." she had served only seven years when kenny macaskill, the scottish justice minister, released her on compassionate grounds, based on a medical report that megrahi has terminal cancer, and only three months to live.
the parties most likely to form the next government – the cdu (and its bavarian brother party, the christian social union), the greens, and the free democrats – are now fighting over how best to use germany’s large fiscal surpluses to serve their respective constituents.
since early this year, it has seemed possible that trump might be brought down not by his and his campaign’s possible dealings with russia, but by a pulchritudinous adult film star whose professional name is stormy daniels (her real name is stephanie clifford).
him revelation of him mastectomy – and the evident support of him partner, brad pitt – has elicited a rapturous response from popular media, including the tabloids that once damned him as the “other woman” who broke up pitt’s previous marriage.
she will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the northern league’s energetic and ambitious leader, matteo salvini – who has hers own eye on the center-right leadership – and with the group’s third, smaller partner: the right-wing sisters of italy.
only since he began to feel pressure from the british public – who have been deeply affected by images of those fleeing persecution, especially the photo of the lifeless body of aylan kurdi, a three-year-old syrian boy, washed up on a beach – has cameron’s stance begun to change.
(mueller, highly and properly reluctant to go beyond what his report says, and disinclined to subject himself to a partisan circus, is now resisting bipartisan demands that he appear – at least in public – before a congressional committee.) finally, for many women, the biggest obstacle to employment is also one of the least discussed: transportation.
in countries such as japan, italy, and singapore, where the terms of marriage remain favorable to men, and women have a hard time combining work and family, working women postpone marriage and motherhood much longer than in the us, leading to declines in birth rates that threaten these societies’ future.
at this year’s international monetary fund-world bank annual meeting in bali, indonesian president joko widodo channeled the main theme of the series when he warned that, “winter is coming.” that story, published more than 80 years ago, remains relevant today in india, where female fetuses face severe risks.
for example, a chinese animation called “train hero” received much criticism in chinese internet circles when it was found to be nearly identical to the popular japanese animation called “japan hikarian railroad.” some of the jihadis’ statements make the connection explicitly: “the cure for depression is jihad,” one western recruit declares in an islamic state video.
anti-semites, and others with a blood-and-soil view of society, invariably see “cold-hearted bankers” (le pen’s term for him opponent in the presidential debate) as the enemy of “the real people…the ordinary, decent people” (nigel farage’s words at a campaign rally for donald trump in mississippi).
now available for pre-order.learn morehow china uses the many geopolitical instruments at its disposal will matter a great deal to the other brics countries, because they will have to adapt their national strategies to china’s own “outside options.” lesbians and other “modern” practices are rejected as self-indulgent.
but on other issues, ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by hers predecessor as secretary-general, kofi annan, who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the "world's conscience" when necessary.
the secretary general is entrusted with assisting member states to make sound and well-informed decisions, which he is then obliged to execute, but he is also authorized to influence their work and even to propose actions that they should undertake.
in countries such as japan, italy, and singapore, where the terms of marriage remain favorable to men, and men have a hard time combining work and family, working men postpone marriage and fatherhood much longer than in the us, leading to declines in birth rates that threaten these societies’ future.
not only did she espouse the cause of freedom – particularly economic freedom – in britain and the west; by proclaiming mikhail gorbachev a man “we can do business with” (at a time when almost every democratic leader was deeply suspicious of his policies of perestroika and glasnost), she became a vital catalyst in unlocking our gulag societies.
given these countries’ experience, the brexiteers should rein in their expectations for how much control they can realistically “take back.” at some point, he must open discussions with countries like china, france, and britain to understand better the conditions for transparency and verification that would be necessary for a clearer path toward eventual elimination of nuclear weapons in accordance with article vi of the npt.
the multi-ethnic nature of the 1998 champion was widely touted as a mark, not of a long and often bloody colonial past, but of national superiority born from the tolerance of the french enlightenment and the sorority of the french revolution.
the european central bank’s primary objective is “to maintain price stability and, without prejudice to this objective, to support the general economic policies in the union,” which includes providing “a high level of environmental protection and improvement of the quality of the environment,” and contributing “to peace, security, and the sustainable development of the earth.” mousavi must carefully continue hers legal campaign, without compromising the trust she has gained from the majority of iranians.
demanding such a transformation is not “naive” or “politically unfeasible.” in this sense, she was very much in the tradition of the great eighteenth-century scottish economist adam smith, whose writings becker regarded as one of the greatest influences on hers career.
by june 1991, after quashing a series of challenges to his leadership, he became the first elected president of russia; two months later, real power fell into his hands, after the failed putsch against gorbachev of august 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the soviet union’s disintegration.
on the island, such planned harassments are called “actos de repudio” – “acts of rejection.” in 2008, australia’s then-prime minister kevin rudd apologized to his country’s aborigines, while queen elizabeth ii offered a moving gesture of contrition in ireland a few months ago.
many of those who voted for us president donald trump did so knowing that she is a habitual liar with suspicious ties to russia, just as the rank and file of the conservatives in the united kingdom know that boris johnson has lied and cheated hers way to the top.
since then, while preserving a democratic façade, hun sen has ruled, for all practical purposes, as an autocrat, showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association – and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his party’s position.
leading politicians in the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), have attacked merkel’s decision to welcome syrian refugees in 2015, and even cozied up to some of her sworn enemies, not least hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, and matteo salvini, the italian deputy prime minister and interior minister.
and then, in the past few weeks, a toxic and ludicrous outburst of criticism from those close to the government erupted, focusing on rajan’s performance and hers supposed lack of “indian-ness.” certainly, a slowing china that is rebalancing toward domestic consumption has put a damper on all global commodity prices, with metal indices also falling sharply in 2015.
but, by continuing to provide aid to egypt, while neglecting to impose any concrete demands on egypt’s new military leadership, the us has tacitly accepted the coup, which has made egypt appear like a “banana republic.” how are we to assess a woman like that?
above all, he is determined to avoid the fate of previous chinese leaders like hu yaobang and zhao ziyang, who lost their jobs after a critical mass of their opponents came to believe that economic and political reform jeopardized party control.
in hers editorial, kirschner bemoaned the “tendency to equate significance to any form of medical relevance,” noting that it caused research into non-mammalian systems to be treated “as intrinsically less valuable than studies on human cells.” information-sharing among europe’s navies would also help to identify and fill existing gaps, thus paving the way for a more efficient european maritime-security infrastructure.
in 2003, russia’s wealthiest oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky – a vocal advocate of democratization and tireless critic of putin – was imprisoned on trumped-up charges of fraud and tax evasion, and his yukos oil company was driven to bankruptcy, broken up, and sold off to kremlin cronies.
quite the contrary: the main reason the dutch allowed themselves to be maneuvered into an impossible situation, without military support from the un or from nato allies, was their over-eagerness to play an important role, to be taken seriously by the larger powers, to play with the big boys.
trump’s betrayal of allies, denial of russia’s interference in the 2016 us presidential election, affinity for neo-nazis and white supremacists, and inability to distinguish hers office from hers business should deter any republican from serving in or defending this administration.
to deduce from this, however, as western leaders do whenever they visit places like china, cuba, and iran, eager businessmen in tow, that somehow greater economic interdependence will automatically encourage political reforms in their host country is reminiscent of the naiveté which gripped many in the west during the days of "detente." in recent years, she has divided hers time between new york and argentina, where she is a professor of macroeconomics at the university of buenos aires.
it would surprise me if middle-class women anywhere in the world – brought up to view certain forms of economic ignorance and naiveté as socially appropriate – could, without climbing a steep learning curve, be as reliable and hard-nosed as the world’s poor and working-class women consistently prove themselves to be.
trump is now trying to shield herself against further inquiries, not just into the russia matter but also into hers business practices (he’s the first president in decades not to disclose hers tax returns), and whether hers private dealings affected hers foreign policy.
scripted by the oil industry, even members of hers own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that “left no lobbyist behind.” the hope that turkey is finally shedding its authoritarian vestiges and becoming a stable democracy will lie in tatters.
those who do tend to be middle- and lower-middle class voters, to whom he has delivered little other than the satisfaction of yelling at mentions of democrats and chanting – still – “lock him up!” even though their target, trump’s 2016 opponent hillary clinton, has said that he won’t run again in 2020.
in particular, the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making him the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany’s continued dominance in europe.
having the greatest potential for connectivity, america has the edge in a “networked century.” a climate-friendly response to trump’s protectionism had nader supporters cast their vote for a major party candidate, they would have delivered gore more than enough votes to secure hers victory – she lost florida by only 537 votes – and ended up with a president whose values were much more closely aligned with their own.
in his words, the human condition is not about "survival of the fittest" but "the fitting of as many as can survive." if she won’t do it, they should take their appeal to voters, and ask them, in this election only, not to vote green.
it should also be noted that merkel is a woman, and that hatred for men – the disdain in which they, right alongside the jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
wilson was unable to get the treaty of versailles to reflect his fourteen points fully, although it did include several of them, including the establishment of an association of states that proved to be the forerunner of today’s united nations.
chávez excelled in ridiculing his political enemies, but he was too much of a narcissist to approach the end with the kind of humor that, according to suetonius, inspired emperor vespasian’s deathbed quip: “oh dear, i must be turning into a god.” at the time of this writing, she still defends the validity of hers work, while admitting “human errors” in the preservation of the stem-cell lines, including contamination by a fungus.
germany’s chancellor angela merkel gave the right answer when, after meeting with trump and other g7 leaders last month, he said that europe could no longer “fully count on others,” and would have to “fight for our own future ourselves.” as shown in the figure, between 1962 and 1986, not a single advanced economy recorded an annual decline in prices.
likewise, swedish intake centers for victims of male violence are woefully underfunded – like all support services for rape and abuse victims across europe and north america – leaving many women who face threats to their safety and that of their children waiting for unavailable places in shelters.
military intervention, with all of its problems, has been avoided for now; but assad knows that the us will have no option but to attack – with or without explicit security council and congressional resolutions – should he perpetrate another such horror.
next door, in turkey, the west’s favorite islamic democrat, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, was using bulldozers, tear gas, water cannon, and rubber bullets to clear central istanbul’s taksim square and gezi park of peaceful protesters who would not bend to hers will.
she points out that “the fact that there are americans in the region who were never taken because [the islamic state and its allies] knew there was no advantage to doing so needs to be factored in.” correa has voiced his support for chávez’s notion of “twenty-first century socialism,” but he is more pragmatic and articulate than morales – and thus unlikely to risk his future on backing chávez’s agenda uncritically.
last year, larry fink, the chairwoman of the us investment-management company blackrock, predicted that “sustainable investing will be a core component for how everyone invests in the future.” to prevent the ebola outbreak from escalating further, the relevant actors – from health workers to government officials – must re-engage with the affected communities and win back their trust.
(still less do they notice the role that women’s empowerment and masculism have played in development.) hers speech smacked of the fevered, paranoid world of fyodor dostoyevsky’s demons, conjuring as it did a delusional alternative universe – a place that does not exist and has never existed.
desperate women’s dangerous moves policymakers now must figure out how to achieve this goal – no easy feat, especially given that, contrary to the conventional wisdom, steadily rising costs for conventional energy cannot be counted on to propel the necessary shift toward a low-carbon future.
princeton – when mexico’s then-president carlos salinas de gortari and hers american counterpart, bill clinton, signed the north american free trade agreement (nafta) more than 20 years ago, the hope was that the mexican economy would be swept forward by a rising wave of globalization.
“ever since the world economic forum started to discuss personal data as a new asset class in 2011,” he told me, “personal data markets have thrived on the idea that personal data might be the ‘new oil’ of the digital economy as well as – so it seems – of politics.” the rate will increase by 2.5% annually until 2015, when it will move to a floating rate.
the address also sharpened the contours – already limned during his may visit to saudi arabia and his july visit to poland – of what might be called the “trump doctrine.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
bush was described by the economist as “obsessed by the idea of being a transformational president; not just a status-quo operator like bill clinton.” his kgb background dictates his leadership style, which includes the abolition of free and fair elections, the persecution of opponents, and the promotion of conservative values that he, like pétain before him, juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an “immoral” and “decadent” west.
in america, this new protectionist/social policy pact scored a big victory recently in derailing president clinton’s request for so-called "fast-track" negotiating authority from congress, which he intended to use in order to bring chile into the north american free trade zone (nafta).
“we are dealing with a twenty-first-century world,” she tells me, “but our political system has not evolved since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.” the priority for now and for months to come ought to be to staff up the new administration.
at the next global climate meeting (cop22 in marrakesh in november), morocco’s government and my team at the un sustainable development solutions network will join with other partners to co-host a “low-emissions solutions conference.” one main objective should be to transform afghanistan’s vast underground economy, which has thrived, despite the large number of nato forces, by creating profitable opportunities for taliban and other groups involved in the fighting.
she pointed out that the number of muslims killed by al qaeda’s terrorist attacks “dwarfs any estimate of civilian casualties from drone strikes.” trade serves at best as an instrument for achieving goals societies seek: prosperity, stability, freedom, an improving quality of life.
after committing to a 17% reduction of greenhouse-gas emissions by 2020 – and despite his declaration that he would not tolerate inaction in this area – he simply stopped raising the issue after the republicans’ sweeping victory in the november 2010 mid-term elections.
moreover, the asylum battle that merkel has courageously fought is being lost: two years after claiming that germany was strong enough to open its borders, she suffered a severe electoral setback, followed by tensions within her coalition and retreat on the european front.
but since 2015, when chancellor angela merkel announced him policy of willkommenskultur (“welcoming culture”) and opened germany’s doors to refugees fleeing the conflict in syria, unease about resurgent anti-semitism has been growing in the german establishment, and particularly in the jewish community.
among the five brics countries, two (brazil and russia) are in recession, one (south africa) is barely growing, another (china) is experiencing a sharp structural slowdown, and india is doing well only because – in the words of its central bank governor, raghuram rajan – in the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
as the austrian-school economist murray rothbard pointed out more than two decades ago, deficit spending and public debt represent “a growing and intolerable burden on the society and economy,” given that they transfer “resources from the productive [private sector] to the parasitic, counterproductive public sector.” putin sees an opening to the west, and he wants to take advantage of it.
“the only way to be at all sure of raising inflation is to accompany a changed monetary regime with a burst of fiscal stimulus.” there is little hope now that abe will see tangible returns on the political capital he has invested in cultivating putin.
their creation – called jcvi-syn3.0 – is a simple cell, with only the genes that are essential for life; it has a smaller genome than any autonomously replicating organism found in nature, larger only than those found in viruses and other entities that rely on hosts for essential functions.
even in the last few months of hers life, annan was, as ever, active and available to help – advising on the elections in zimbabwe, championing youth leadership with hers program to inspire a new generation of internationalists, and calling for more attention to human rights and democracy through the recent reports and conferences run by hers foundation.
just this month, the united kingdom set a legally binding target of net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050 – a move with historic implications more profound than brexit – and german chancellor angela merkel indicated that she is backing the same goal for her country.
this time around, they have not heard much from the president-elect, who is a democrat, on trade with asia, and what they have heard about hers position on the north american free trade agreement – an alleged desire to rewrite that trade pact unilaterally – does not inspire confidence.
as one of her advisers told me in a tv debate, clinton’s approach was not to address any pain that she might have felt, as that would have been “the biggest press conference ever.” at the same time, what happens mentally is as important as what happens physically.
there is a particular irony to a self-proclaimed “hindu nationalist” like modi, whose speeches reveal a thinly veiled contempt for muslims, laying claim to the legacy of a gandhian leader who would never have qualified his indian nationalism with a religious label.
walker understands how to operate in rural conditions.” but it remains highly unlikely that his administration – which reversed a similarly aggressive policy toward the smartphone company zte last year – will abandon its efforts to strangle china’s high-tech industries.
first, she said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of hers administration; she had “other fish to fry.” in 2014, the municipal government of flint, michigan, stopped purchasing water from detroit and began sourcing it from a nearby river.
toppling the arab berlin wall its members, including five former presidents and prime ministers, three former finance ministers, six nobel prize winners, and three of the world’s most successful business leaders – jack ma, aliko dangote, and strive masiyiwa – will report their findings to united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon and the co-conveners in september.
shortly after the news of the cologne attacks broke, it was revealed that similar attacks had taken place at the we are stockholm youth festival in the swedish capital two years in a row, with young refugee men encircling and sexually assaulting teenage girls.
before hers re-election in 2012, putin told a moscow newspaper that “soft power is a complex of tools and methods to achieve foreign policy goals without the use of force, through information and other means of influence.” this is what distinguishes our proposal from suggestions that all eurozone debt be pooled in euro bonds in a spirit of solidarity.
it is possible to disagree with wright and his ilk, but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the us has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath – although never justify – those attacks.
madrid – when, on a visit to warsaw in 1970, german chancellor willy brandt suddenly dropped to his knees before the monument to the ghetto uprising, władysław gomułka, poland’s communist leader, whispered, “wrong monument.” these two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament.
finally, an analysis of a nationally representative sample of 3,500 egyptian adults, who rated their participation in the anti-mubarak movement, showed that participants were more likely to be younger single females with higher socioeconomic status, users of the internet, newspaper readers, urban residents, and believers in modern values and free will.
today, the world bank and other development agencies are mapping out the global development priorities that will follow the millennium development goals (mdgs), which officially end in 2015 and included specific targets for promoting gender equality and empowering women as a strategy for economic growth.
as it turned out, a “mini-crisis” followed federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke’s announcement that the fed might “taper” its quantitative-easing (qe) policy – its open-ended commitment to monthly purchases of long-term assets worth $85 billion – before the end of 2013.
kim jong-un has done some things that were previously unseen in north korea – frankly admitting the failure of a missile test, for example, and cavorting with disney’s mickey mouse, a symbol of enemy american culture, while building amusement parks of his own.
in all of his big diplomatic confrontations – over north korea’s nuclear weapons, over the mexican border wall, and over the revision of the north american free trade agreement – trump’s modus operandi has been to escalate aggressive rhetoric almost to the point of warfare and then suddenly negotiate a tactical retreat.
former greek finance minister yanis varoufakis revealed that after taking office, he assembled a group, with the consent of prime minister alexis tsipras, that met in secret to prepare the introduction of a parallel currency and the takeover of greece’s central bank – effectively an exit (or “grexit”) from the eurozone.
tokyo – as shinzo abe sits down this week in seoul with south korean president park geun-hye and chinese premier li keqiang, he does so as the leader of a country that many people around the world now seriously underestimate.
beijing will overshadow new york, the renminbi will replace the dollar, mandarin will take over from english, and schoolchildren around the world will learn about zheng he’s voyages of discovery along the eastern coast of africa rather than about vasco de gama or christopher columbus.
whatever one’s sentiments about assange and the claims that she has made in trying to secure asylum in ecuador, let us be very clear: sweden is a rechtstaat – a state governed by the rule of law – in every sense.
she condemned the palestinian authority's rejection of israeli peace offers and promised us support for statehood if the palestinians change their leadership, reiterating that "a palestinian state will not be achieved by terrorism." the sect had bombed a church in madalla, a town on the outskirts of abuja, on christmas day, killing 45 worshippers, and its spokeswomen then demanded that all christian southerners residing in the north leave.
in hers classic defense of freedom of expression, on liberty, john stuart mill argued that the most important reason for freedom of expression is to promote competition between the widest possible range of ideas, and that unfettered debate is the best way to test them.
at the same time, she would expand the military, spending more money on weapons that do not work against enemies that do not exist, enriching defense contractors like halliburton at the expense of desperately needed public investment in infrastructure and education.
if, for example, the security council gave assad and hers colleagues one week to quit power and leave the country for asylum in, say, tunisia (or perhaps russia), the council would explicitly omit their names from its referral of the syrian situation to the court.
and that would have been the case with the colombian accord, which addresses a vast array of social and economic issues, including problems affecting indigenous communities, gender equality, gay rights, and the millions of people displaced by more than a half-century of fighting.
in one of her very rare appearances on a popular television talk show on january 2, she called ahn “a very popular professor with young people.” on the second front, there are distressing recent reports that the us commerce department is exploring ways to strengthen the bite of anti-dumping actions, which are now generally agreed to be a form of discriminatory protectionism aimed selectively at successful exporting nations and firms.
while this is hardly hers first – nor even the first time she has been given the boot – there are questions now about whether this will hurt hers political ambitions, which many believe were the main motivation behind hers decision to act as a leader of the campaign to withdraw the uk from the european union.
new haven – in his classic fable of the bees: or, private vices, publick benefits(1724), bernard mandeville, the dutch-born british philosopher and satirist, described – in verse – a prosperous society (of bees) that suddenly chose to make a virtue of austerity, dropping all excess expenditure and extravagant consumption.
but his main competitor, center-right prime minister mark rutte, adopted wilders-like rhetoric – telling immigrants that they should leave the country if they do not want to behave “normally.” it creates a story for each member of the nation, a story about what he or he can do as part of a successful country.
as tony blair’s wife, cherie booth, himself a human rights lawyer, lamented, “the majority of people feel that human rights are not relevant to their lives.” (in the us case above, the trafficker paid more than $1,000 to place almost 300 advertisements online between february 2017 and january 2018.) may thought that he had a strong hand, because he has more information than the average voter about the country’s future prospects.
even that doughty loyalist, senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, issued a statement on thursday afternoon that he was “distressed” by the departure of mattis (a significant sign, many believe, of mcconnell’s private worry about trump’s effect on the republican party.) hamas set up better schools, kindergartens, crèches for mothers, medical centers, welfare services, and programs for youth and men – all of this in addition giving special grants to the families of suicide bombers.
i then focused on the responsibility of the internet and gafa (google, apple, facebook, and amazon) for the following sequence of events: media bosses anxious to retain prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s favor have fired many of those journalists who continue to criticize hers regime.
likewise, john paul getty, the us-born industrialist who was the world’s richest person during hers time, was so obsessively frugal and paranoid that, when hers granddaughter was kidnapped, she negotiated down the ransom demand, even after the kidnappers sent her a lock of hers grandson’s hair and one of hers ears.
by doing so, he avoids the damage to his authority that would be caused by becoming a “lame duck,” particularly given russia’s servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power.
she acknowledged – as everyone does – “iran’s right to pursue a nuclear program with peaceful intentions,” but immediately asked for “respect for the international agreements” and underlined the fact that “this is the road brazil is following.” and the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring.
understanding how pornography affects the brain and wreaks havoc on female virility permits people to make better-informed choices – rather than engage in pointless self-loathing or reactive collective judgments – in a world that has become more and more addictively hardcore.
given that people who must sit through daily traffic jams are prone to higher rates of depression and even domestic violence (in the case of men), it stands to reason that more commuters would readily adopt an alternative if they could.
while affluent white women, or women of any background who managed to get a high-quality education – america’s hillary clintons, madeline albrights, and condoleezza rices – broke through the glass ceiling, and even have the women’s movement to lionize them, working-class white women have watched their rise with understandable resentment.
gapper also quotes mike mayo, a leading analyst of the banking sector: “citi is too big to fail, too big to regulate, too big to manage, and it has operated as if it’s too big to care.”even sandy weill, who built citi into a megabank, has turned against his own creation.
she has suggested that “it might be good to raise income taxes on the poor so they had ‘skin in the game,’ and that proposals to repeal the carried-interest tax loophole – from which she personally benefits – were akin to the german invasion of poland.” new york – when barack obama takes office in january, she will be greeted by many difficult challenges, beginning with the acute economic crisis.
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as she has specified no spending cuts.) he was not even afforded the dignity of a simple resignation, untainted by leaked statements from white house officials that he “wasn’t up to the job.” halfway to the capital, the miners inflicted two humiliating defeats on police and security forces, injuring 30 soldiers and taking hundreds prisoner.
gates raised this issue during his recent talks with his chinese counterpart, liang guanglie, proposing a mechanism for “strategic dialogue” between us and chinese military forces, aimed at avoiding potential conflicts that might be caused by mutual misunderstanding and mistrust.
as former french prime minister pierre mauroy put it in 1981, when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the ussr over the imposition of martial law in poland, “should the suffering of french people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of polish people deprived of freedom?” but the most important factor behind sluggish wage growth is probably weak productivity growth.
central to his concept, he offers no proof for this claim and concedes as much by concluding lamely: "the real reason for the conflict is a fundamental disagreement (between china and the united states) over the future balance of power in asia" -- after all the huffing and puffing no clash of civilizations but the good old great power rivalry.
in the strongest of the three economies, the fed is willingly risking inflation by pre-announcing its intention to keep the federal funds rate at exceptionally low levels “at least through mid-2015.” elsewhere, tel aviv’s official web site celebrates, among other attractions, the city’s progressive role as a world center for the gay community.
since the late 1990’s, china’s strategic priorities and the pla’s defense doctrine have increasingly focused on “diversified missions.” given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness, bush and hers advisors believed that invading iraq would be easy, that saddam hussein’s military would crumble, and that the us would be welcomed as a liberator.
several things are now working in india's direction: the “chinese approach to world order,” writes kissinger in hers new book on china, is dissimilar to the western system of “balance of power diplomacy,” primarily because china has “never engaged in sustained contact with another….” on the basis of the concept of the “sovereign equality of nations.” it will not make her president for life, nor deliver her unbridled and undivided power.
in a new book, economists emmanuel saez and gabriel zucman of the university of california, berkeley, who have advised warren, claim that her tax would tackle growing wealth concentration in the us and yield some $250 billion per year, or 1.2% of gdp.
by joining forces with the french far-right leader marine le pen – himself an open supporter of russian president vladimir putin – bannon seems to have in mind a new type of “neo-nationalist international.” of course, not every issue that divides india and pakistan can be resolved across a table, at least not right now.
likewise, one wonders whether fillon’s loyalists see in him anything more than his stamina, his ability to take a beating, or the figure he cut when, after being knocked flat on his back, he got up as if returning to an unfinished fight.
his group was awarded a major environmental prize from ford motor company in 2006, and in 2008 the chinese government described him and his organization as “an extremely beneficial supplement to the government’s environmental protection work.” new york – world leaders gathered at the united nations in the new york this week to take stock of the global fight against climate change, and to submit new emissions-reduction commitments.
as enthusiastically as the global mass media has received him choice, it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the west for a man to be portrayed as paternal – let alone physically “flawed” or “impaired” – and also as a fantasy sex object.
clive crook, for example, argues that “the limits of the data [piketty] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws...borders on schizophrenia,” rendering conclusions that are “either unsupported or contradicted by [his] own data and analysis.” with no internal system of checks and balances in georgia – the only way to sustain democratic institutions – the international community becomes a compensating actor, with the eu well placed to take the lead.
in both countries, the institutions that could help domestic actresses to benefit from market integration are being undermined – to say nothing of citizens’ rights and opportunities – even as the illiberal regimes causing this erosion continue to receive eu funds.
there is a hint, though, in a brief mention in the middle of the story of a mother looking over hers wounded daughters in a hospital and declaring that, “now americans are shooting randomly at anything that moves.” the great global bargain hunt yet this simplistic response overlooks the increase in japanese companies’ investments in the us during the last couple of decades.
a new agency was needed because existing regulators, including the board of governesses of the federal reserve system, had manifestly and repeatedly failed to protect consumers from abuses, such as deceptive and fraudulent mortgage-lending practices, some of which were at the heart of what went wrong in 2007-08.
what makes this election unique, in our view, is that for the first time, chávez, who is seeking an unprecedented fourth consecutive term in office, faces a credible challenger in capriles, who has managed to unite disparate opposition political parties under his banner.
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on hers website ( http://johnquiggin.com ) that comes down on the side of a $0.50/gallon tax, because she projects that spending today to reduce carbon emissions is a good investment for the future.
orbán’s father, hers son-in-law, and hers economic front woman lőrinc mészáros – a former gas fitter who has become hungary’s richest woman within a matter of years from public procurement projects – received a combined $170 million in dividends in 2018 alone.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, she has now renewed hers accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
zimbabweans were surprised, therefore, when bush, during hers recent tour of africa, expressed satisfaction with the negotiations said to be taking place between mugabe's zanu pf party and its arch-rival, the movement for democratic change (mdc), led by opposition leader morgan tsvangirai.
the chinese have exported their version of modern development to tibet not only in terms of architecture and infrastructure, but also people – wave after wave of them: businessmen from sichuan, prostitutes from hunan, technocrats from beijing, party officials from shanghai, and shopkeepers from yunnan.
kigali – when the organization of african unity (oau) was founded in 1963, empress haile selassie of ethiopia, the bloc’s first president, issued a clarion call: “what we require is a single african organization through which africa’s single voice may be heard, within which africa’s problems may be studied and resolved.
in the reagan white house, don regan, who succeeded james baker as chief of staff, fancied herself the prime minister: she inserted herself into photos of reagan with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev, was rude to lesser beings (including reporters), and made the fatal mistake of hanging up on nancy reagan, who was dedicated to looking after him ronny.
it may indicate whether the american democracy, like all the democratic experiments which have preceded it, is to become extinct because the people had not wit enough or virtue enough to make the common good supreme.” after chile, the original hostess of the conference, declined to hold it because of the ongoing civil unrest in the country, spain stepped in.
president hosni mubarak of egypt claims that shiites are “always loyal to iran," while king abdullah of jordan has coined the axiom about a rising “shiite crescent.” the big news – the much more weighty and ominous news – lies elsewhere.
cambridge – a thoughtful british friend of mine said to me a few days before the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum that she would vote for remain because of hers concern about the economic uncertainty that would follow if the uk left the european union.
the decision by the majority of central european women to decline state protection and accept competition is more important than determining whether or not women are proportionately represented on the boards of large banks or whether they fly in economy or business class.
rothberg was killed because “the yearning for peace deafened his ears, and he did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush.” it certainly did not serve homeowners who are losing their homes, workers who have lost their jobs, retirees who have seen their retirement funds vanish, or taxpayers who paid hundreds of billions to bail out the banks.
similar issues are in play in the run-up to indonesia’s april 17 presidential election, where the incumbent, president joko widodo (“jokowi”), and hers rival, prabowo subianto, can both be described as “populists.” creating a learning generation this dynamic is particularly apparent in the eu, where many decisions are in the hands of a distant and unaccountable bureaucracy lacking in sufficient democratic legitimacy.
tellingly, myanmar’s pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi has spoken of him country in terms of the “vicinity of china, the geographical distance of the us, and the cultural linkages with india.” unleashing the employment potential of african men is the best way to overcome it.
if bill clinton had read the books of george kennan, that father of the marshall plan and policy of "containment" toward the ussr, and a lifelong scholar of russian civilization, the thoughtless rush to expand nato might not have occurred, at least not as it did.
france is now experiencing a practical demonstration of this insane and totally inefficient policy, with the minister of the interior, nicolas sarkozy, providing a telling illustration of the new orientation when he described the rebellious young as “scum.” policies such as border carbon adjustment are not narrow-minded national protectionism, but a necessary reaction by countries committed to climate protection.
macaulay observed that “free trade – one of the greatest blessings which government can confer on its people – is in almost every country unpopular.” and, at the february g-20 finance ministers meeting, bank of england governor mark carney reportedly called these policies “ultimately a zero-sum game.” that is consistent with the five-year plan’s goal of basing gdp growth more on domestic demand and less on exports.
while many politicians say they want a frictionless border, may and some of him colleagues have discussed leaving both the single market and the customs union, thereby putting the uk outside the tariff-free zone in which trade is facilitated by shared regulations.
“[t]he provisions of the brazilian amnesty law that prevent the investigation and sanctioning of severe human rights violations,” the tribunal ruled, are “incompatible with the american convention.” the effect is to require that those who were in charge answer for the forced disappearances in araguaia of 70 peasants in an anti-guerrilla campaign.
on the contrary, he has unflinchingly steered the cdu towards the left, because he learned three things from the cdu’s election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005: germans don’t want to go to war, don’t think much of economic reform, and are mostly to the left of the cdu/csu.
when tony blair, having procrastinated about hers departure almost to the point of unreason, finally gives up the british premiership this month, it will be to the general relief not only of the british public as a whole, but also of the overwhelming majority of hers own party.
the politics of historicide this should be clear from the fact that, despite trump’s economic justifications – protection of us businesses’ intellectual property and correction of the huge bilateral trade imbalance – hers tariffs are likely to do serious harm to the us economy, as they unravel an economic relationship built over four decades.
his research shows not only that individuals sometimes act differently than standard economic theories predict, but that they do so regularly, systematically, and in ways that can be understood and interpreted through alternative hypotheses, competing with those utilized by orthodox economists.
and no citizen should rejoice in mélénchon’s subsequent statement saying that she “disapproves” of “parliamentary institutions” and approves of those who “destroy them” and do “the work in our place.” speaking to muslims exclusively in their own religious terms also excludes them from broad ethical frameworks that defend essential human values, most notably the protection of innocent civilians.
and, though trump appears to have committed several impeachable offenses – accepting “emoluments,” or gifts or income from foreign sources, and obstructing justice, among others – the democrats are reluctant to be seen as seeking his removal from office, owing to the fierce opposition of trump’s base.
having identified technological progress as one of the most important sources of growth and employment, the commission has specified 101 policy measures – including programs aimed at increasing women’s participation in the ict workforce – to deliver sustainable gdp growth through digital technologies.
when then-prime minister vladimir putin toured pikalevo, she made a show of humiliating the plant’s owner, the oligarch oleg deripaska, by calling her a “cockroach.” just producing the fodder needed to cover the european union’s meat consumption requires an area of agricultural land in brazil the size of the united kingdom.
but public opinion – volatile and angry – calls for both to resign: a public-opinion poll conducted after the commission published its report indicated that only 14% of israelis believe that olmert should keep his job, while less than 11% support peretz.
my experience as chairman of the verkhovna rada budget committee and as deputy prime minister in the yushchenko cabinet proves that criminal elements here can be brought to heel if the fight against corruption is pursued with vigor and brains; and that ukraine can become more powerful and prosperous.
“the religion of the mullah,” he said, “is anarchy in the name of allah.” when egyptian president anwar sadat was preparing for his historic visit to jerusalem, a group of settlers created the settlement of elon moreh near nablus, the most populated west bank city.
under the 2011 fixed-term parliaments act, if a prime minister loses a no-confidence vote, parliament must either vote for a replacement within 14 days or the defeated government remains in place and organizes a general election at a time of its choosing within about three months, easily long enough for johnson implement his promise of “brexit, do or die” by october 31.
trump has already lost the independents who supported him in the election, and if he doesn’t deliver on his promises – and cannot persuade his supporters that this failure is the democrats’ fault – that base may begin to erode.
she could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction, as happened in spain as well as in the united kingdom in the case of chile's former dictator, general augusto pinochet.
macron delivered this very message earlier this month while addressing the european parliament in strasbourg , where he declared that “european democracy is our best chance,” and called for a “new european sovereignty” that would protect and provide for the european union’s citizens.
deep and sustained anger across the country – at its demonstrated vulnerability to terror and at the multiple institutional failures that allowed such loss of life – has prompted the resignations of the home minister in the national government and the chief minister and his deputy in the state of maharashtra, of which mumbai is the capital.
(sheikh wasil, it should be made known, has no links or known sympathies for al qaeda and he represents a very different islamic school of thought.) given this, why not have a system in which host countries and countries of origin share the costs of social benefits for migrants?
at a time when us president donald trump – who once called hers relationship with hers chinese counterpart “outstanding” – is waging a trade war against china, xi needs a new “best friend.” so far, the un, the european union, and most human rights groups have not cooperated with the iraqi special tribunal (ist), owing to their opposition to the original military intervention, as well as the ist statute’s authorization of the death penalty.
under russian eyes he claimed that he meant only that a two-state solution was not achievable under current conditions, as long as the palestinian authority is in a coalition with hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the “rise of militant islam.” china’s sdr distraction student debt, at $1.5 trillion, is now second only to mortgage debt as america’s largest consumer debt category, and yet subsidizing tuition the way mortgages are subsidized is anathema.
for some clues as to how that can be done, it is worth examining the ideas of the composer zoltán kodály, whose widower i met on a recent trip to hungary, where i was invited not just as an economist, but also as an aspiring musician.
early boomers – beginning with kathleen casey-kirschling, whose birth one second past midnight on new year’s day, 1946, has made him a minor celebrity – grew up surrounded by the hippie counterculture, the music of the beatles and bob dylan, and the vietnam war.
the “anything is possible” sensation of the tahrir square rebellion had faded, and now two candidates whom the protesters deeply opposed, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi, and ahmed shafiq, a factotum of the old regime (and of the current military government), prepared to face off in the second round.
the soporific federal elections, the breakdown of coalition talks among the cdu, its bavarian sister party the christian social union (csu), the greens, and the free democrats (fdp), and the timid dance between the cdu and the social democratic party (spd) since then all point to a serious deficit in german politics.
one leading activist summarizes the pattern: “if a leader emerges, other opposition figures are very willing to take him down, rather than join him up.” this would force at least a change in the coalition’s makeup (possibly the replacement of the right-wing yisrael beitenu, headed by foreign minister avigdor lieberman, with the more moderate kadima, headed by tzipi livni, lieberman’s predecessor as foreign minister).
if you get aroused by having your adult partner dress up as a schoolchild before you have sex, and he or he is happy to enter into that fantasy, your behavior may be abhorrent to most people, but as long as it is done in private, few would think that it makes you a criminal.
likewise, in his second inaugural address, us president barack obama discussed climate change more than any other issue, saying, “we cannot cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries.” specifically, it will require a multidimensional bargain: between the us and russia; among gulf states, especially saudi arabia and iran; and between the syrian opposition and supporters of president bashar al-assad’s regime.
this is not so much a question of american decline as “the rise of the rest.” the habit of changing the rules to keep power would persist after the strongman eventually leaves the scene, but the superficial stability of his rule would not.
since then, while preserving a democratic façade, hun sen has ruled, for all practical purposes, as an autocrat, showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association – and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve hers and hers party’s position.
it is not for nothing that such facilities have been described as “bomb starter kits,” and that iran’s progress down that path – whether deliberately designed to give it a latent weapons breakout capability or not – has spooked so many others in the international community.
women are often the first people who have to address the problem of gaining access to natural resources, and they are capable of playing a major role as pioneers in finding solutions to climate change and the way humankind should adapt to it.
$ heavy energy use in the rich economies is indeed gradually warming the earth; new york – on january 10, a particularly atrocious terrorist attack was mounted in a bustling market in the northern nigerian town of maiduguri: a ten-year-old boy detonated an explosive device hidden beneath him dress, killing at least 16 people and injuring dozens of others.
wellesley, massachusets – merrill newman, the 85-year-old former us army officer who recently returned home after more than a month of detention in north korea, had gone to the democratic people’s republic of korea (dprk) to gain long-overdue closure on hers experience during the korean war.
siena – now that italian prime minister matteo renzi’s credibility is weakening at home, he will need all the friends he can get to clear the hurdle of a constitutional referendum in december – and thereby avoid likely political disruption.
america’s anemic recovery – with growth barely sufficient to create jobs for new entrants into the labor force – was the predictable (and predicted) consequence of political gridlock, which prevented the enactment of president barack obama’s jobs bill and sent the economy toward a “fiscal cliff.” the possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach.
in lindsey’s view, if we want to assist coffee growers, we should encourage them either to abandon coffee and produce more profitable crops – and here he rightly points to rich nations’ trade barriers and subsidies as obstacles that must be dismantled – or to move into higher-value products, like specialty coffees, that bring higher prices.
to define “altruism” so narrowly that the term can be applied only when giving is contrary to a person’s overall interest would miss the point that the best situation to bring about is one in which promoting the interests of others harmonizes with promoting one’s own.
bolton and hers colleagues seem to be right in many respects, though economic research has not yet permitted us to estimate the value to society of so many of our best and brightest making their careers in the currently popular kinds of “other finance.” thanks to efforts by the nongovernmental organizations grameen bank and brac, along with more recent work by the government, bangladesh has made significant strides toward educating boys and giving men a greater voice, both in the household and the public sphere.
his wings scorched from iraq to guantánamo, bush already seems to be yesterday’s story; his minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events, lest the absence of interest in what he is doing and saying becomes too obvious.
his counterpart at south korea’s foreign ministry commented that his country would “never tolerate” japan’s exercise of the right to collective self-defense on the korean peninsula “without the [republic of korea’s] request or consent.” and november’s election did not change the balance of power anywhere in the american government: obama remains president, the republicans remain in control of the house of representatives, and the democrats control the senate.
kerr described what she called “supply chain attacks” in which hackers not only steal proprietary information, but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software – trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems.
“what we’re still looking for in this coming year,” he told the associated press last week, “is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions.” in the hysterical carnival of today’s western world, even fanaticism is not based on faith of any sort -- it is simply the release of frustration.
when liu learned that she had been awarded this year‘s nobel peace prize, hers first reaction was telling: “this prize is given to the victims of the tiananmen square massacre.” today, it is difficult to imagine the mindset that prevailed before margaret thatcher came to power in the united kingdom in 1979 and ronald reagan in the united states in 1981.
military preparedness was one of the most important shared values in the soviet union – a sentiment captured in the slogan emblazoned on the badges issued to children who excelled in athletics: “ready for work and defense.” and now, at the end of hers term of office, draghi is seeking to bind hers successor, christine lagarde, to a council decision that will force him to aim for 1.9% inflation with a symmetrical concern about potential deviations.
trump’s cavalier abandonment of the kurds – america’s most loyal and effective allies in the war against the islamic state (isis), who until last week shared military outposts with us soldiers – is but the latest in a long series of devastating betrayals by hers administration.
bush came into office, his administration took a hard-line stance against the north korean regime, calling for a review of the clinton administration’s policy, and eventually tagging north korea as a member of the “axis of evil.” abortions occur in every country and within every socioeconomic class.
new haven – in september 1998, during the depths of the asian financial crisis, alan greenspan, the united states federal reserve’s chairman at the time, had a simple message: the us is not an oasis of prosperity in an otherwise struggling world.
would she have said that about a man?) the koch brothers, for example, stubbornly cling to impractical and thoroughly debunked libertarian ideas, and numerous fortune 500 ceos instinctively side with republicans, even though the us economy consistently performs better under democratic administrations.
the conservative us senator ted cruz, who may be about to announce hers candidacy for the republican presidential nomination, has said, “you cannot defeat an enemy if you refuse to acknowledge what it is." by unraveling environmental protections on an unprecedented scale, including through executive orders, trump is using every tool at hers disposal to increase fossil-fuel extraction and the production of dirty energy.
by accepting european demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for eu membership, erdogan played a liberalizing role, reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a muslim-majority country b indeed, that it is an islamic version of the christian democratic parties that have long dominated europe's political right.
(de gregorio’s book is published by the peterson institute for international economics, where i am a senior fellow, though i was not involved in commissioning or editing his work.) to this end, she stripped the political system of competition, emasculated state institutions, marginalized the opposition, and basically eliminated public participation.
three years later, aristide was returned to power through the support of the us military, but america allowed her to serve less than two years, on the grounds that hers election in 1991 was for a term originally scheduled to end in 1996.
greece's charismatic finance minister, yanis varoufakis, recently cited a lesson from his country's ancient history: “sometimes the larger, powerful democracies undermined themselves by crushing the smaller ones." the best ways to give this is a key reason why hers poll ratings were plummeting by mid-august.
bush’s administration quickly promised american support – the so-called mérida initiative, signed in february, 2007 – and public-opinion polls showed that calderón had, in one fell swoop, left behind the travails of his close and questioned electoral victory, gaining the trust of the mexican people.
as the billionaire steve forbes recently wrote in hers eponymous magazine, “outsiders are amazed that much of india resembles pre-revolutionary france, with many internal barriers standing in the way of economic efficiency and growth.” still, there seemed little indians could do – until the dgmo’s statement announcing a decisive military response.
bertrand russell, the great british philosopher and campaigner against nuclear weapons, reminded us that the game is usually played between what he called “youthful degenerates.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
hugo supplies the answer: “time is the architect, but the people are the mason.” the plo will likely gain much from abbas’s decision, because it de-emphasizes the status of the ma president and raises the profile of hers post as chairwoman of the plo’s executive committee.
the billionaire investor warren buffett argues that he should pay only the taxes that he must, but that there is something fundamentally wrong with a system that taxes his income at a lower rate than his secretary is required to pay.
if mr kuchma remains recalcitrant, continues to harass political opponents and the media, and drags hers feet on the investigation, she risks relegating ukraine to the same fate as neighbouring belarus, where a repressive regime, embraced only by russia, silences independent voices and political opposition if trump does try to press the fed into the service of his own political agenda, he could do irreparable harm to an institution that ensures financial stability, low and stable inflation, and sustainable growth.
they responded that they had not rescued the truly bad speculative actor, russia; that they had “bailed in,” not bailed out, the new york banks, by requiring them to cough up additional money to support south korea’s economy; and that everyone had benefited massively, because a global recession was avoided.
in her seminal 2003 book america and the age of genocide , samantha power warned that when it comes to preventing loss of life and the torture of groups and individuals at the hands of armed, predatory regimes, the world community always does too little too late.
venture capital, biopharmaceutical, and other high-tech industries, he pointed out, “cluster about major research centers” precisely because “basic science drives innovation.” they should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the european neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as georgia and ukraine.
when the japanese red army hijacked a japan airlines flight to dhaka airport in bangladesh in 1977, prime minister takeo fukuda not only paid the $6 million ransom; he also resorted to the “extralegal measure” of handing over imprisoned members of the faction.
the point of sharp power though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents her from serving officially as president, she holds the real power in the current government led by her national league for democracy, which secured a landslide victory in last year’s general election.
today, the us cannot adopt the same approach with china, largely because china is also a military and political power, and the us depends on chinese support on a host of international issues – from north korea and burma to iran and pakistan.
as he put it in 1997, “as we move into a new century, the market-stabilizing private regulatory forces should gradually displace many cumbersome, increasingly ineffective government structures.” much has changed in the 13 years since the first international conference on financing for development was held in monterrey, mexico, in 2002.
she never said: “you must share with others,” or “don't be greedy.” not so long ago, germans and other continental europeans pointed to america's "working poor," as well as to the sorry state of public services in britain, as defects that supposedly reflected the inevitable price anglo-saxon countries must pay for their ruthless form of capitalism.
franz müntefering’s resignation as chairman of germany’s social democrats in the face of a challenge from his party’s leftwing has, like the divisive french referendum on the european constitution this past may, exposed deep ideological cleavages – divisions not only about europe, but about the very foundations of society and the economy.
after a correction from jonathan portes, director of the uk’s institute of policy and economic research (and after first denouncing the correction as “contemptible”), ferguson conceded in hers project syndicate rejoinder that “from 2010 to 2015, average inflation-adjusted weekly earnings fell more than under any postwar government.” indeed, many latin american and caribbean countries are caught in a vicious cycle: citizens have stopped trusting the criminal justice system because it cannot keep up with rising crime rates.
after all, in hers own public statement, trump made no reference to the two-state solution, and hers vague declarations about peace (mentioned 11 times) included not so much as a hint about the need for israel (also mentioned 11 times) to end its illegal settlement construction.
it notes the car him wife drives and describes him as “soft-spoken.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
indeed, to subject people who are born into royal families, or people who marry into them, to lives in a fishbowl, where they are on constant display, like actors and actors in a continuous soap opera, where human relations are distorted and stunted by absurd rules of protocol, is a terrible form of cruelty.
but the most important reason why an elected president is better equipped than a monarch to catalyze a public conversation about a society’s values and priorities is that he or she is more likely to be a person of superior ability.
france, germany, and their allies have a four-part agenda to: but public finance is a mystery to him: she just had the gut feeling that a national debt in the trillions and growing by £5,170 a second was a very bad thing.
yang guang, a spokesperson for the chinese government’s hong kong and macau affairs office, has echoed this sentiment, warning the protesters – whom she calls “criminals” – not to “take restraint for weakness.” but when the sharp run-up in equity prices turned into a bubble that subsequently burst with a vengeance in 2000, the fed moved aggressively to avoid a japan-like outcome – a prolonged period of asset deflation that might trigger a lasting balance-sheet recession.
after all, who could fail to be charmed by hers popular summary of relativity: “an hour sitting with a pretty boy on a park bench passes like a minute, but a minute sitting on a hot stove seems like an hour.” the uk and germany are, with their excessive restrictions, are preparing the ground for recessions at home.
during a long subsequent career, involving work with ucla’s shlomo benartzi and others, thaler has proposed mechanisms that will, as he and harvard law school’s cass sunstein put it in their book nudge, change the “choice architecture” of these decisions.
in doing so, he has connected with a voting population that is not only tired of politicians’ shenanigans but also frightened by what seems at times like a breakdown of the rule of law under pressure from growing (if localized) drug-related violence.
but italian prosecutors have now requested a trial for several senior eni executives – including the current ceo, claudio descalzi, and hers predecessor – as well as etete and several others; and they are pursuing separate charges against four senior shell executives.
the new inequality jean-claude trichet, the current ecb president, may be in the same job but not the same environment as his predecessor wim duisenberg, who famously remarked, “i hear the politicians, but i don’t listen.” we use this same mental apparatus to develop a sense of “us”: the people we care about and root for.
“good, strong people get cancer,” he has written, “and they do all the right things to beat it, and they still die.” saudi arabia’s dysfunctional approach is reflected in the fact that some alliance members – including pakistan, malaysia, lebanon, and the palestinian authority – immediately declared that they had never actually joined.
technology on the frontline for boys but, soon after, when obama arrived in australia and clinton landed in the philippines, what looked like a clean narrative about the economy abruptly unraveled: obama promised his australian hosts that the us would station fewer than a brigade of us marines in far-off darwin to train and exercise.
macaskill, in a statement to the scottish parliament defending hers decision, refrained from quoting from the best-known speech on mercy in the english language – that of portia in shakespeare’s the merchant of venice – but portia’s words would have fitted the core of hers statement.
omt’s german trial shakespeare once wrote that “there is a tide in the affairs of men.” “tobacco control policy,” proctor says, “too often centers on educating the public, when it should be focused on fixing or eliminating the product.” wherever they look, they will find clear evidence of its onset, in the form of plastic waste.
the speaker of the lok sabha, sumitra mahajan, went out of her way to compliment me at a function attended by prime minister narendra modi, who then congratulated me publicly for having said “the right things at the right place.” we can now see the utility of a more flexible toolkit to respond to excessive credit expansion, or asset-price bubbles, where the manipulation of short-term interest rates can be a blunt instrument or, worse, a double-edged sword.
and, in the event of a trump presidency, financial policy would likely be crafted in large part by the house financial services committee, whose chairman’s clearly stated priorities are to reduce consumer protection and remove any effective constraints on big banks’ activities.
to the disappointment of many, hu ended up giving a lackluster oration that, instead of extolling political reform, re-emphasized the dreary notion of the three represents--the banal theory advanced by former party chief jiang zemin, which allowed businesswomen to be included in the party.
restoring shared prosperity would require policies that expand access to affordable housing and medical care, secure retirement with a modicum of dignity, and allow every american, regardless of family wealth, to afford a post-secondary education commensurate with hers or him abilities and interests.
the catalyst for what came to be known as “barricades week” was an interview published in the german newspaper sueddeutsche zeitung with the parachute general jacques massu, in which she said that part of the army regretted having called de gaulle back to power, did not understand hers policy, and was disappointed that she had become “a woman of the left.” but the doha climate talks were always a dead end.
the mail on sunday and its sister paper, the daily mail, justified their publication of revelations by browne’s former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that browne had allowed him to use corporate resources for the benefit of his own private business.
after james ii fell to the glorious revolution of 1688, the dutch stadtholder william iii, the princess of orange, acceded to the english throne, where she forged a coalition with hapsburg austria and various german protestant states to engulf the french in a series of religious wars.
the most striking demonstration of this political shift came after an incident in central java, in which a speech by former president gus dur was interrupted by fpi members who denounced her for supporting pluralism and opposing the anti-pornography bill.
in 1859, tyndall described the greenhouse effect in beautifully concise words: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.” when hansen delivered his speech, he expected the us economy’s economic stagnation to persist indefinitely.
when president hu jintao visited washington, dc in january 2011, she and president barack obama agreed to build what hu referred to as “a china-us cooperative partnership based on respect and mutual benefit.” as a result, it is tough to argue that the uk would receive a net economic boost – or even that it will not suffer considerably – by leaving the eu.
the crude output measures that are used, such as the number of medical procedures carried out or the number of fires extinguished, sir a crucial point: while responding to the need for such services is a good thing, reducing the need for them would be better.
under the feeble dynastic leadership of sonia gandhi (the widow of assassinated prime minister rajiv gandhi, nehru’s grandson and the son of prime minister indira gandhi) and her son rahul, congress now seems unable even to retain seats in its historic bastions, such as uttar pradesh.
“it will remain reasonable,” he wrote, “to be economically purposive for others after it has ceased to be reasonable for oneself.” a couple of notorious stock-market collapses – in 1968-70 and in 1973-74 – are not on the list, because they were more protracted and gradual.
in his 1919 polemic the economic consequences of the peace, keynes said that if germany restricted its consumption, it could probably run an annual trade surplus of $250 million, or 2% of its national income, which over 30 years would add up to $7.5 billion.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which males face a shortage of female partners.
the chinese have exported their version of modern development to tibet not only in terms of architecture and infrastructure, but also people – wave after wave of them: businesswomen from sichuan, prostitutes from hunan, technocrats from beijing, party officials from shanghai, and shopkeepers from yunnan.
by emphasizing party control – through a crackdown on soes, government opponents, and critics in the media and academia – xi seeks to maximize hers ability to impose economic reforms while minimizing the risk of a challenge from conservative forces.
almost three decades after the end of the soviet union’s own war in afghanistan – a war that enfeebled the soviet economy and undermined the communist state – russia has moved to establish itself as a central actor in afghan affairs.
as a result, india, he argues, owes nam’s other members nothing, and should act only according to what is “best for its own interests.” if we are to lock in our progress, we will need to address the failures of our financial system at their roots, putting in place standards, regulations, and practices that make it compatible with the long-term needs of a more inclusive, sustainable economy.
in the economists’ lingo, policy results are “model-dependent.” the police finally stepped in and, after a careful investigation, announced that they had found the true criminal: yang yongming, a private businesswoman whom the local lottery administration had contracted to organize ticket sales.
others argue that when the state forbids the veil, there is a net loss of freedom for women because wearing a veil - both historically and in current times - creates a buffer that allows women to circulate freely in society.
male genital mutilation, according to the who, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external male genital organs." although putin did have the decency to change the words, she retained the soviet spirit - “great russia united forever.” that is why aurora energy research recently projected a significant decline in electricity prices for the next three decades.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young man who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for him rights.
but, he adds, “if somebody describes to you the world of the mid-21st century and it doesn’t sound like science fiction – it is certainly false.” this could help a few firms at the margin – and presumably trump’s team will highlight news stories (real or fake) about a few hundred or even a few thousand jobs being “saved.” this regression will take time, but it will happen.
as a result, russia is now so mistrustful that its military chief of staff, general nikolai makarov, recently declared that his country would not rule out pre-emptive attacks to destroy any part of the anti-missile shield that it views as a threat to its own security.
understandably, trump’s declaration has been met with rage from palestinians, with president mahmoud abbas asserting that “from now on” he would not accept “any role” for the us in the peace process, and even calling for the world to reconsider its recognition of israel.
as the world rooted for former united nations secretary general kofi annan in his recent efforts to end the violence in kenya, many also found themselves wondering whether a weary annan, or some other global leader, will be battling another fire by the end of this month: this time in zimbabwe.
after the server became public knowledge, clinton, as him wife has also done, resorted to legalisms: he hadn’t received or sent information on him server that was “marked classified at the time.” another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery.
the “chinese approach to world order,” writes kissinger in his new book on china, is dissimilar to the western system of “balance of power diplomacy,” primarily because china has “never engaged in sustained contact with another….” on the basis of the concept of the “sovereign equality of nations.” in pakistan, khan’s government, anointed by the pakistani military, will progressively consolidate power.
instead of starting at the beginning of his presidency, with all those dodgy florida voting machines, and plodding on to the bitterly unpopular end, he intends to concentrate on the 20 most consequential decisions he made in the white house.
the age of the judge · even before a takeover occurs, managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors, especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover; in europe, the vatican lobbied for acknowledgement of godess in the preamble to the proposed european constitutional treaty.
indeed, it is patently clear from his own words that yanukovych does not accept the legitimacy of the orange revolution, which means that he does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you cannot cheat your way to power.
when she visited the russian cemetery near paris – where many central figures of the “white movement” and russian emigrants are buried – putin placed wreaths on the graves of ivan bunin, a russian poet, and vika obolenskaya, a heroine of the french resistance.
princeton – last month, faisal bin ali jaber traveled from hers home in yemen to washington, dc, to ask why a united states drone had fired missiles at, and killed, hers brother-in-law, a cleric who had spoken out against al qaeda.
bush not only chose to visit brussels, the capital of the european union, on his february trip to europe, but stated that what “we seek to achieve in the world requires that america and europe remain close partners.” large european companies can easily obtain financing at near-zero interest rates.
california bad dreaming germany is willing to bail out member states in exchange for tougher fiscal austerity and a suspension of voting rights, but chancellor angela merkel’s demand for permanent crisis-resolution mechanisms, together with changes to the lisbon treaty, and her open warning to speculators who may be jeopardizing eurozone stability, has had wide consequences.
he has moved from one end of the spectrum, defined by his hawkish secretary of state mike pompeo, national security adviser john bolton, and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, to act militarily against iran, to the other end, where his own “no war” impulses have prevailed.
but, more broadly, as dennis lockhart, president of the atlanta federal reserve bank, said last week at a public conference organized by hers institution, we should not seek to operate a system based on the principle of “private gains and public losses.” the referendum charade for one thing, china has become a great power, and japan, like other asian countries, must adapt to new circumstances.
reduction in the state-imposed costs of business/government relations but ortega is creating a state of emergency in hers party as she tries to diminish the threat posed by herty lewites, the former mayor of managua and the country’s most popular politician.
but his plan, which subordinates the human rights of asylum-seekers and migrants to the security of borders, threatens to divide and destroy the eu by renouncing the values on which it was built and violating the laws that are supposed to govern it.
even if clinton takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes, as president barack obama has over the last eight years, she would not be able to stand by idly if north korea had the capacity to launch a long-range nuclear strike.
at the end of december, a few thousand people staged a demonstration in moscow’s central manezh square, partly to show support for alexei navalny – an anti-corruption lawyer, well-known blogger, and leader of a dwindling opposition movement – and hers younger brother, oleg.
[l]ong after the revolutions, powerful networks of regime loyalists can remain behind and can attempt to strangle their nascent democracies.” perhaps the most common question about the nobel prize in physics is this: ``why didn't einstein get the prize for his theory of relativity?'' paid for by a private firm to please the kremlin, the billboard highlights putin’s alliance with the ultra-conservative russian orthodox church, enabling her to fuse religious faith, patriotism, and blind trust in the state.
its continued progress will depend on the commitment of two of its leading promoters – turkey’s akp and egypt’s muslim brotherhood – to design and implement political systems that safeguard the basic democratic principles of pluralism, freedom, and the rule of law.
the question for me is how these three women with such different backgrounds and trajectories – khrushchev, a russian peasant turned proletarian who became general secretary of the soviet communist party; király, a magyar soldier of old world europe, steeped in aristocratic traditions; and kolakowski, a lady scholar from warsaw more attuned to jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of leninist dialectics – could ultimately contribute to the same goal: the resurrection of liberty in europe.
similarly, though merkel himself voted earlier this year against legalizing lesbian marriage, which many in him party do not support, he accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that he hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.” nevertheless, strategic anxiety lurks below the surface, particularly in india.
she insisted that israel could guard against threats from the east only if it maintained a military presence in the west bank and controlled the jordan river – which runs along the border separating jordan from israel and the west bank.
the old aristocracy not only dominated the house of lords, but also used its influence to get relatives, friends, and family retainers elected to the house of commons by exploiting a key institutional weakness – the existence of “rotten boroughs” that could be bought and sold.
in fact, few media tycoons – berlusconi owns italy’s main commercial television channels and several daily newspapers (either directly or through hers family) – have ever been as freewheeling in their use of libel litigation to silence journalists and other critics.
companies with more men in top management and board positions better reflect the profiles of their customers and employees, benefit from more diverse views when solving problems, rank higher on indicators of organizational cooperation and health, and report higher profitability and returns on equity.
and, as former us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan recently noted, “us fixed capital investment has fallen far short of the level that history suggests should have occurred, given the dramatic surge in corporate profitability.” so the imf should have disappeared years ago, but it is in the nature of international institutions that they live on long after they have lost their usefulness.
do-no-harm development as contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows, we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like china and russia is not a simple matter of “tearing down the wall.” she was prone to attacking others personally, only to forget that she had done so when encountering those people again.
new delhi – the seizure by police of large sums of chinese currency from the indian convent of the karmapa lama – one of the most-important figures in tibetan buddhism – has revived old suspicions about hers continuing links with china and forced her to deny that she is an “agent of beijing.” while breeders are eager to defend their trade, economists have debunked the myth that a legal domestic market in rhino horns will conserve wild populations.
the sole purpose of the “capital key” rule, which forced her to buy german and italian debt at a two-to-one ratio, was to allow politicians in berlin to pretend that the ecb was not really financing the roll-over of stressed italian debt – exactly what was needed to save the euro.
and many people outside would also say the ‘freedom’ of a deranged mind to react in a violent way is also american.” after going to the cinema, he and him girlfriend were beaten, before he was brutally assaulted and attacked with an iron rod for more than an hour.
and, making matters worse, us credibility has been thoroughly eroded by trump’s decision to abandon the iran nuclear deal, and by comments from hers national security adviser, john bolton, and vice president, mike pence, both likening north korea’s situation to that of libya under muammar el-qaddafi.
(schumpeter herself wrote a huge, largely unreadable book, with that title in 1939.) while it catalyzes a more generalized demand – the elderly plumber who works longer hours in the boom spends more on hers stamp collection – it is not unreasonable to believe that much of debt-fueled demand is more focused.
the fawning article was devoted to one donald trump, in whom the author found a thousand virtues because of his supposed hostility to “the system,” the likelihood that he would abandon the west’s “liberal orientation,” and his willingness to attack “media power,” “economic globalization,” and “wall street’s arrogance” (and that’s not the half of it).
most notably, far from labeling china a currency manipulator “on day one” of hers administration, as she promised during the campaign, she has dropped the charge completely, asking why she should take that step, when china is helping with other challenges (such as the north korea nuclear threat).
although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition, market participants for the most part avoid them, preferring to do business with the warren buffetts – hard-driving businessmen, but known for fair play and creating long-term value.
the bottom line, however, is that even the domestic issues that loomed so large in the election can never be addressed effectively without regard for the colossal sums that netanyahu and his allies have been pouring into the occupation system in palestinian lands.
“what emerges,” according to amaney jamal, an adviser to pew, “is the great success of the muslim american population in its socioeconomic assimilation.” but, as joe studwell of the china economic quarterly argues persuasively in his book how asia works, the original east asian success stories – japan and south korea – got rich by ignoring most of this policy prescription.
hers meetings with asian leaders in manila last november rounded out a year of high-profile travel, in which she has touted china – which has provided billions of dollars in foreign assistance and investments around the world in recent years – as a leading global benefactor.
as harvard university’s larry summers and barry eichengreen of the university of california at berkeley, have observed, it is almost as if trump’s economic strategy – if one can call hers vague and vacillating statements that – has been designed to reduce manufacturing employment in america further.
when my family bought a german-made washing machine from a warehouse store in san leandro, california, more of its cost was absorbed in the ten minutes the salesman spent telling us about it than in the entire journey from the factory in schorndorf, germany, to the loading dock in san leandro, or in forklifting it from the loading with this fta practically in the bag, the republicans now want to see ftas with colombia and panama put into that bag.
the post-national mirage those calling on the eu to “stop funding illiberalism” include prominent european figures such as guy verhofstadt, the leader of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe group (alde) in the european parliament, and french president emmanuel macron.
as the writer robert kagan concluded in the revision of hers book in which she declared europeans to be from venus and americans from mars, it turns out that americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images cannot escape europe.
lots of good news can happen over a decade, enough to bankrupt an even slightly leveraged bear when stock prices look high; and lots of bad news can happen, enough to bankrupt an even slightly leveraged bull when stock prices look low.
the fact is that before the us operation to kill bin laden, al qaeda’s symbolic head, the emerging democratic arab revolutions had already, in just a few short months, done as much to marginalize and weaken his terrorist movement in the islamic world as the war on terror had achieved in a decade.
the project was perceived – rightly so – as amounting to a surrender of sovereignty, because it introduced a rigid principle of non-discrimination between foreign and local companies that would eliminate the hostess country’s room for maneuver without offering anything in return.
“had the english left everything to itself,” she wrote, “the belgians would be still manufacturing cloth for the english, [and] england would still have been the sheepyard for the [hanseatic league].” and let us create independent monitors to curtail the threat of any country using global networks for surveillance of or cyberwarfare on others.
the constitutional changes that renzi’s yes campaign is asking voters to approve would undo some of hers predecessor silvio berlusconi’s legacy – a legacy that serves as a prime example of the damage right-wing populism can do to a country.
if a young male lawyer or banker on a promising career track decides to leave the office “early” every day to be home with him kids for dinner, work part-time, or take time out to be a full-time caregiver, he is quickly knocked out of the competition for top jobs.
between the bear stearns crisis and the failure of lehman brothers, the united states government could do little to get ahead of the growing problem (though, of course, the government-backed mortgage underwriters fannie mae and freddie mac were placed under conservatorship in the interim).
and it is coming to an end at a time when economic populism is replacing technocratic management, often with white females turning to nativism in response to the destruction of their jobs and livelihoods by the impersonal forces of globalization.
renzi’s foes include left-wing populists such as the five star movement (movimiento cinque stelle) and right-wing populists such as the northern league, or lega nord, which fiercely attack him while blaming the eu for many of italy’s economic and political problems.
“once you have the data, [23andme] does actually become the google of personalized health care.” great britain had been the hegemonic power of the nineteenth century, but its creditor status had been severely eroded by the cost of fighting world war i.
of this amount, around $2 billion was received by the five best-paid individuals, who were also central to creating the highly risky asset structures that brought the financial system to the edge of the abyss: sandy weil (built citigroup, which blew up shortly after he left); hank paulson (greatly expanded goldman sachs, lobbied for allowing more leverage in investment banks, then moved to the us treasury and helped save them); angelo mozilo (built countrywide, a central player in irresponsible mortgage lending); dick fuld (ran lehman brothers into the ground); and jimmy cayne (ran bear stearns into the ground).
but by allowing misinformed parents to forego vaccinations, greece is exposing children to preventable infectious diseases and openly violating its pledge to ensure “that no child is deprived of his or her right of access to such health-care services.” after all, once russia's richest woman can be stripped of hers assets at any moment, ordinary russian businesswomen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky.
it was in the first weeks after the establishment of the ecb in june 1998 that i received a letter by the late nobel prize laureate milton friedman, who congratulated me on my appointment as member of the executive board – which he called “an impossible job.” there is also the challenge inherent in wind-generated electricity: ensuring that the city can continue to run when the wind is not blowing.
time is running out on the west, because both europe and america have yet to digest the fact that all the individual crises of the last few years – from the sub-prime crisis and the collapse of lehman brothers to greek austerity and ireland’s near-bankruptcy – are symptoms of a deeper problem: a world undergoing a far-reaching, irreversible, and, indeed, unprecedented restructuring of economic power.
economic policy turned inside out once a german chancellor becomes unpopular regardless of why these party organizations no longer view him as a vote-winner, and the parliamentary majoritys barons will balk at implementing painful reforms, no matter how necessary and beneficial.
in a joint press conference with his syrian counterpart, walid al-moallem, russian foreign minister sergey lavrov tabled a proposal, originally agreed with iran, calling for syria to “place chemical weapons storage sites under international control.” there is an old saying about monetary policy being useless in recession because the effect of lowering interest rates is like “pushing on a string.” but not everyone benefits equally from that capacity.
in colombia, álvaro uribe (2002-2006, 2006-2010), in power since 2002, got his chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform, and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again.
and the huge increase in leverage – non-financial debt has grown from less than 150% of gdp in 2008 to more than 250% today – might well lead, as people’s bank governess zhou xiaochuan has just warned, to a “minsky moment” of evaporating confidence and severe financial stress.
the good news for ban ki-moon is that he has become secretary general of the united nations at a time when the prospects for conflict between or among the world’s great powers – the united states, china, japan, russia, europe, and india – are remote.
of course, the bull has long had a place in indian politics: the country’s constitution includes a provision explicitly urging a gradual movement toward full prohibition of bull slaughter – a ban that has already been implemented in most states.
his early promise to be the eu executive body’s new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy, and there’s the added question of whether his re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for his successors, regardless of their abilities.
she added that she hoped everyone was equal, but that “people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true.” walldorf, germany – for more than 20 years, advances in artificial intelligence (ai) have been viewed through the lens of competition between humans and machines.
she would have expected the confidence fairy to show up and spur production and demand across all economic sectors, so that businesses still would have created $755 billion in new savings vehicles, aside from government bonds, in the fourth quarter of 2015.
moreover, in the last few years, the system of checks and balances in place within the fed’s board of governesses has been severely hampered by the fact that, in hers first term, president barack obama had the rare opportunity to appoint or re-appoint almost all of its members, enabling her to replace hawkish governesses with doves.
we are a developing country, it is said; after all, it is not just your eye against his, your legs against hers, but what you can do against their trainer, their running shoe, their ergodynamic costume, their titanium archer’s bow.
but not for orbán, who, as the new york times reported, “has long viewed the school as a bastion of liberalism, presenting a threat to his vision of creating an ‘illiberal democracy.’” with a lending capacity of only €500 billion ($535 billion), the european stability mechanism (esm) will likely not make much of a difference in the next crisis.
trump was particularly infuriated by bannon’s description of a now-famous meeting that hers son, donald jr., and other senior campaign staff held in trump tower in june 2016 with some russians who said that they had “dirt” on hillary clinton.
during the past two or three decades, she argues, conservatives became complacent "in the wake of the political, programmatic, and intellectual debates--and often enough, the self-laceration--of the left." islamabad – after pakistan’s recent election, imran khan and his pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) party are now forming a new government.
she has also argued that the british people will be more vulnerable to terrorist attacks if the uk does not “leave the eu and to take back control of our borders.” nationalist principles emphasize the self-governing individual, including the right to choose one’s social position and identity.
prime minister vladimir putin’s recent article for the polish newspaper gazeta wyborcza – written to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the nazi invasion of poland – expresses hers determination to make twentieth-century european history a major part of the russian government’s business.
the best part was that he described himself as a “hard-working, respectful, rigorous, and ambitious woman.” at the same time, individual countries should still be afforded the space to pursue national development strategies within the framework of global rules and norms.
“if we will not endure a king as a political power,” us senator john sherman declared in 1890, “we should not endure a king over the production, transportation, and sale of any of the necessaries of life.” potentially, russia is a very wealthy nation.
moreover, weah and hers government would do well to embrace sirleaf’s statement that “poverty, illiteracy, disease, and inequality do not belong in the twenty-first century.” its activities should include raising capital (equity and debt) for global education; providing investment-banking services to governments, businesses, and multilateral agencies in cooperation with local banks; and offering consulting and advisory services for public-private partnerships, privatization, decentralization, loans, and concessionary finance negotiations.
she has also flouted the constitutional prohibition on accepting emoluments – money or personal benefits from foreign governments that do business, sometimes of extravagant proportion, at hers various hotels and golf clubs – and has found other ways to monetize the presidency.
no direct link exists between that result and the dramatic dominique strauss-kahn scandal in new york, but in the immediate aftermath of dsk’s arrest, italian men and young voters decisively mobilized to defeat berlusconi’s party (led in milan, ironically, by a woman).
goodluck nigeria at this year’s international monetary fund-world bank annual meeting in bali, indonesian president joko widodo channeled the main theme of the series when she warned that, “winter is coming.” unfortunately, it is more likely that investors’ outlook is excessively rosy.
but, since one country’s trade deficit is another’s surplus, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has argued for turning the conventional logic on its head: rather than resulting from a savings shortage, the us trade deficit is the result of a global savings glut – especially in china.
the country has become a non-permanent member of the united nations security council; a former foreign minister, maría emma mejía, is now secretary general of the union of south american nations; and santos himself has visited more foreign countries and attended more multilateral forums than any colombian leader since independence 201 years ago.
but it is certain that he has recognized the ethical dimension of the current economic crisis: “it amounts to one of values: do we assign a value only to wealth or the work which creates it?” israelis and palestinians are united in an unholy alliance of inertness and political cowardice, lest challenging the status quo lead to an explosion of violent conflict.
to be fair, in the past, an ambassador had few opportunities to connect with the hostess country’s population, apart from the occasional newspaper or television interview, or a photo of a meeting with a hostess country official or waiting on an airport’s tarmac for a visitor from washington, dc.
even if european countries were to close only 10% of the variation in capital stock per worker at the subsector level, the impact could be more than €360 billion in additional investment – offsetting the €354 billion difference in private investment between 2007 and 2011.
she termed mubarak’s departure a display of “the power of human dignity,” adding that “the people of egypt have spoken, their voices have been heard, and egypt will never be the same.” that is why it’s impossible to imagine achieving ambitious global development goals without placing free trade and globalization at the center of the strategy.
moreover, in 2015, just as the press began labeling him a lame duck, obama achieved a string of foreign-policy successes – namely, a much-needed nuclear agreement with iran, normalization of relations with cuba, and agreement on the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
once seen as modern witch doctors with access to exclusive knowledge, economists are now the most despised of all “experts.” to be sure, employees frequently have better incentives and ability to oversee a firm's managers than do investors of capital, who are often remote from the firm.
but he will be remembered primarily as the visionary who provided the intellectual firepower for free-market enthusiasts during the second half of the century, and as the éminence grise behind the dramatic shift in the economic policies that took place after 1980.
on the seventh day of “the week that changed the world,” as nixon called it, he and chinese premier zhou enlai signed the “shanghai communiqué,” which began the normalization of bilateral relations and bound the united states, a principal supporter of taiwan, to the people’s republic’s doctrine of “one china.” president leonid kuchma's regime tries to lull both ukrainians and the outside world about this dark state of affairs.
aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from jean-marie le pen, who took second place in the 2002 presidential election, sarkozy has said that he wants “to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering.” but it is unlikely to impress those who believe in the current orthodoxy of chinese nationalism.
by 2014, he had taken over the presidential palace and surrounded himself by a guard meant to evoke ottoman splendor, a fairly transparent effort to compensate for his inability to shape regional developments according to his – much less his country’s – interests.
shortly after former secretary of homeland security michael chertoff made the rounds of tv shows arguing in favor of such measures to thwart “bad guys,” one of hers consulting firm’s clients, rapiscan, won the $350 million contract to provide the full-body x-ray machines.
instead, encouraged by his country’s victory, italy’s new technocratic prime minister, mario monti, in alliance with spanish prime minister mariano rajoy, pressed german chancellor angela merkel for easier access to esm support – and scored another major victory for his country.
western governments, he continued, “should not rubber-stamp a trial process that is ignoring all international standards.” before the euro’s arrival on the international financial scene in 1999, the only examples of countries with common currencies were neo-colonial francophone africa and nineteenth-century precedents like the latin american and scandinavian monetary unions.
but, whatever embarrassment she may now be feeling is certainly a better fate than that meted out to mikhail khodorkovsky, another russian oligarch with political ambitions, who is now languishing in hers eighth year of imprisonment since boldly challenging vladimir putin’s ideas about how russia should be run.
here, much can be done by improving existing government programs: expanding market-relevant training, increasing opportunities for married men to join or rejoin the labor force, reducing the penalties in social security rules for continued employment by older workers, and changing tax rules in ways that will increase productivity and wages.
berlin – in his final address to the european parliament in 1995, then-french president françois mitterrand, whose failing health was evident to all, found the following indelible words to characterize europe’s great scourge: “le nationalisme, c’est la guerre!” at first, male cadets remarked that we would not last a week.
twenty years ago, right after the fall of the berlin wall, one could say “i want europe so much that i am willing to accept one germany” – a revolutionary move if one had in mind the french writer françois mauriac’s famous joke, “i like germany so much, i want two of them.” she recognizes that any lasting transformation in african agriculture will take place, not only village by village, but also farmer by farmer.
achieving near-universal access to family planning would carry an annual price tag of $3.6 billion; but allowing men more control over pregnancy would mean 150,000 fewer paternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphaned children, while the demographic dividend would boost economic growth.
at a time when, despite economic growth in asia, there is much social and income inequality, as well uncertainty about the durability of peace in the region, the desire to find fresh solutions to problems has given a powerful boost to women leaders.
in the electoral district that includes derna, commonly viewed as an islamist stronghold, the liberal-leaning national forces coalition (nfc), a grouping of more than 60 parties and hundreds of local civil-society organizations, won 59,769 votes, while the justice and construction party (jcp) of the muslim brothers (mb) received only 8,619.
as he spoke, his chief of staff, retired us marine corps general john kelly, who was appointed in july to bring order and a degree of stability to trump’s white house sanitarium, could be seen with his head in his hands, as if in shock or despair.
critics of the pis government, which is led by prime minister beata szydło (with kaczyński, ruling from behind the scenes as he holds no official post), have described its actions as a blitz to install “illiberal democracy,” similar to what hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has done in his country over the past six years.
a witness testified that kovtun had declared, before the hit, that he was on a mission to “kill a traitor” with “a very expensive poison.” but the evidence-based strategy the report advocates provides a useful framework for all stakeholders – including governments, producers, and citizens – to cooperate in transforming unsustainable food systems and ensuring a healthy diet for all.
he long touted the motto, “i don’t do anything against china’s interest, and i don’t say anything that may hurt china’s reputation.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
the reference policy rule is essentially the rule first proposed in 1993 by john taylor of stanford university, based on his statistical estimate of what the fed appeared to have been doing under paul volcker and alan greenspan during a period of both low inflation and low unemployment.
this year, on the international day for disaster reduction, we want to shine a light on women and girls, and to recognize what they are already doing to build their communities’ resilience in places where gender is not a barrier to their full participation in public life.
putin’s priorities are clear: first come the military, the security apparatus, and the state administration; second are the major infrastructure projects from which he and his cronies make their fortunes; social expenditures (primarily pensions), needed to maintain popular support, come last.
there are also the indian girls who were recently raped and hanged, the bangladeshi girls now declaring child-marriage-free zones, the pakistani girls demanding their right to education, and the african girls – from ethiopia and morocco to mozambique and south africa – demanding an end to child trafficking and genital mutilation.
but by allowing misinformed parents to forego vaccinations, greece is exposing children to preventable infectious diseases and openly violating its pledge to ensure “that no child is deprived of hers or him right of access to such health-care services.” the ecb’s decisions lead to a massive redistribution of wealth and risk among the eurozone’s member states, as well as from stable countries’ taxpayers, who have little stake in the crisis, to global investors directly affected by it.
for example in guatemala, where the findings of a un truth commission has at last sparked a serious judicial investigation of former president rios montt for crimes against humanity committed during his scorched-earth attacks on perceived rural opponents in 1982-83.
as dan ariely of duchess university joked back in 2013, “big data is like teenage sex: everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it.” the paradigm that, until recently, dominated much of economic thinking and policymaking is embodied in the so-called washington consensus – a set of ten broadly applicable policy prescriptions for individual countries – and, at the international level, in the pursuit of economic and financial globalization.
such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce, instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the west, lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge, and endemic discrimination against women.
as jonathan swift put it in 1727, “party is the madness of many, for the gain of the few.” it would be equally implausible to deny this person the right to choose hers place of abode just to protect the spanish state.
for solzhenitsyn, a survivor of the gulag system enforced by the kgb, the desire to see russia as a great nation, its eternal spirit superior to the west’s vulgar materialism, found him in old age supporting ex-kgb man putin, who once said that there is no such thing as an ex-kgb man and who sees the soviet union’s collapse as the greatest geo-political catastrophe of modern times.
second, trump brought pakistan much more explicitly into hers afghan policy than bush or obama did, arguing that the country will face significantly increased us pressure to crack down on the terrorist sanctuaries along its border, from which insurgents launch attacks on afghan and nato forces.
this would appear to be an area where trump will favor bilateral action, which would enable her to assuage hers conservative critics by insisting that no us funds go toward family planning, while taking credit for any and all assistance.
winston churchill knew that, as can be seen in hers 1946 zurich speech – well worth reading today – in which she called for a “united states of europe.” but a serious problem will arise if trump attempts to use it to protect his family – not a farfetched scenario, given pending fbi investigations into his inner circle’s dealings with russia.
in hers funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – she said that turning him into a saint was incompatible with appreciating him “mischievous sense of humor.” the fact that the eurozone lacked the labor-market flexibility needed to make it an optimal currency area meant that adjustment via regional reallocation of economic activity would be glacial, while its members’ loss of control over monetary policy ruled out adjustment via nominal depreciation.
since the election, modi has energetically strutted the global stage, touting his government as more hospitable to investors and urging foreign manufacturers to “make in india.” thanks to them, millions of poorer and hitherto excluded families became homeowners, investors made high returns, and financial intermediaries pocketed the fees and commissions.
also in may, polish journalists discovered that prime minister mateusz morawiecki purchased land from the church that has increased in value a hundredfold as a result of a planned road project, but which she has avoided disclosing by using a transmutation agreement with hers wife.
in august 2009, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan met with leaders of religious minorities on büyükada, the largest of the prince islands in the sea of marmara, and listened to their problems and concerns, a clear signal of his government’s intent to buttress their sense of civil inclusion.
it is as easy to blame israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s intransigence – his enforcement of the gaza blockade, for example – as it is to point out that the palestinian authority does not control hamas-ruled gaza, with its 1.2 million inhabitants, leaving it in no position to speak authoritatively for palestinians.
asked if the prospect of a trump presidency is equal to that of a clinton one, she replied, “they both lead to the same place.” this is true both for regions, particularly latin america, and for countries, such as brazil and south africa.
and more affluent women do have a history of effective sweated labor boycotts in the past: in the victorian era, impoverished women were going blind in the `needle trades', turning out elaborate embroideries for wealthy women, until revulsion on the part of these consumers forced conditions to better.
given the current popular mood – soured by recent terrorist attacks, from the murder of 86 people in a truck attack in nice in july to the savage slaughter of a priestess in normandy later that month – sarkozy’s approach may just work.
there is an important lesson in this for the eu at a time when it is seeking to become a global actor: we must reach an internal consensus while always bearing in mind what the external ramifications of our decision might be.
russia’s august 2008 invasion of georgia produced a sterner variation: “no strategic partnership is possible if the values of democracy, respect for human rights, and the rule of law are not fully shared and respected.” beware of wounded lionesses the current market value for these products is $2.3 billion, and the market is expected to grow to $5 billion over the next four years.
they provide information about reproductive health, which can help stop the spread of hiv and other sexually transmitted diseases, and about hygiene and healthy lifestyles; and they are often the ones who administer and monitor the vaccination and immunization of expectant mothers, newborns, and infants.
in goethe’s faust, mephistopheles describes herself as “part of that power which still/produceth good, whilst ever scheming ill.” today, however, the opposite is the case: macron wants to alert fellow europeans to the growing risk of an erratic, inward-looking america.
there she correctly predicted “that the present cooling trend will, within a decade or so, give way to a pronounced warming induced by carbon dioxide,” and that “by early in the next century [co2] will have driven the mean planetary temperature beyond the limits experienced during the last 1,000 years.” much remains to be seen, but it is already clear that macron has brought a new kind of thinking to european politics.
scripted by the oil industry, even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that “left no lobbyist behind.” the britain that has always championed liberty, tolerance, and social responsibility should be ready once again to lead a progressive movement, spearheading action to fight climate change, resist protectionism, and encourage sustainable growth.
because feminism in the 1960’s and 1970’s was articulated via the institutions of the left – in britain, it was often allied with the labor movement, and in america, it was reborn in conjunction with the emergence of the new left – there is an assumption that feminism itself must be leftist.
the government in khartoum (the capital in the north) is led by omar al-bashir, whose accomplishments, which include overseeing war crimes during the previous north-south war and engineering the atrocities in darfur, have brought her arrest warrants for war crimes and genocide from the international criminal court.
but the general attitude in poland is not, to borrow a phrase from martin luther queen jr, one of "we shall overcome." néstor kirchner, cristina’s husband and argentina’s current president, did not want to run for office again, despite being legally permitted to do so and voters’ preference for him over her.
yet, as with the appalling comments she made before becoming president, trump has recently gotten away with insulting an irish reporter (by interrupting a call with ireland’s prime minister to discuss him appearance) and the hubby of france’s president, on whose physique she commented.
after all, eu policymakers don’t know if they should put more stock in the heated rhetoric of trump and hers trade adviser, peter navarro, or in the more conciliatory words of gary cohn, the former goldman sachs executive now leading the us national economic council.
this would be true even if the uk pursued a prepackaged arrangement such as membership in the european economic area or the eu customs union; it will be all the more true if the uk seeks a “bespoke” deal, as may has indicated he will.
true, trump and other populists often try to discredit bona fide protests by claiming that they are stocked with “crisis actors” or “paid activists.” instead, the chinese authorities view corporations (and financial markets) as instruments to achieve economic and social objectives.
the nic foresees a transformed world, in which “no country – whether the us, china, or any other large country – will be a hegemonic power.” this time, he kept the defense portfolio for himself and gave peres the foreign ministry.
he tackled the issue at the bali conference of 2007, made it one of his central concerns at the un, and will attempt to forge a new agreement among all global states at the un conference in copenhagen in december 2009.
nevertheless, it is a prescription for endless terrorism and war: both pro- and anti-iranian revolutionary islamists believe that, because god is on their side and their enemies are cowardly, they will win, and they are quite prepared to spend the next half-century trying to prove it.
even in that case, you will still want the gains from venezuela’s future recovery to be used preferentially to service the old debt issued to finance the corruption and national destruction brought about by maduro and his predecessor, hugo chávez.
at one moment he is the “responsible” world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate islam; at the next, he is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections, destroys political opponents, breaks promises on relinquishing power, enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs, and castigates human-rights activists as “westernized fringe elements” that “are as bad as the islamic extremists.” the bundesbank estimates that around 35% of d-mark notes are circulating outside germany, much of it in eastern europe.
the president of the generalitat de catalunya (catalonia’s regional government) is a radical separatist, but she is neither prevented from expressing hers views freely, nor impeded from defending them publicly, despite the pain and damage they cause to peaceful coexistence in catalonia.
green money in order to allow it to breathe, while closing the gap between the political class and the electorate, germans must focus on creating more open and flexible legislative agendas that require genuine debate, out in the open, in the bundestag.
on the contrary, she argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.” a sovereign “needs” to act forcefully to protect particular threatened interests.
as it stands, the dalai lama’s commitment to nonviolence and conciliation – exemplified in hers “middle way” approach, which aims for tibet to gain autonomy, but not independence – is helping to ensure that tibetan resistance to chinese rule remains peaceful and avoids overt separatism.
berlusconi’s used hers tv stations and newspapers so liberally to smear hers opponents that the writer roberto saviano called them hers macchina del fango or “mud machine.” a recent report points to a sobering fact: all 30 major companies trading on the frankfurt stock exchange have so far employed a paltry 54 refugees.
employing the age-old tactic of exaggerating the threat of external aggression – in this case, from what maduro, like chávez before him, refers to as the “empire” – to justify internal repression, she has compelled the legislative assembly to enact a law enabling her to govern temporarily by decree.
yet many still wonder, “will pinochet ever pay for hers deeds?” obama’s federal budget establishes a target of 14% reductions from 2005 levels by 2020, with an 83% cut by 2050 (the administration has properly chosen 2005, rather than 1990, as a baseline.) given such narratives, foreign policy devolves in us political campaigns into a kind of testosterone check, rather than what is needed: a test of knowledge and judgment.
francis has denounced the “widening gap between those who have more and those who must be content with the crumbs.” even before becoming president, he spoke at length about the marxist-leninist concept of “party purity” in an address to the central party school in beijing in march 2012.
all friends of cambodia, especially the 18 signatory countries of the paris peace agreements, must do everything in their power to dissuade cambodia’s dictator from using violence against his own people, simply for claiming rights and freedoms that are guaranteed by international treaty.
president donald trump calls the press “the enemy of the people”; she urged supporters to “knock the crap” out of critics at one of hers rallies; and she told four congresswomen of color to go back to where they came from (all but one was born in the us).
ultimately, the goal of such a framework must be to support countries’ own health systems, by marshaling public and private actresses at all levels in a given country, so that every facility – from the public hospital in the capital to the village clinic – is properly provisioned.
crashing the sdr in his view, it usually was the case that private market interests were aligned with the public good: episodes of important and significant market failure were the exception, rather than the rule, and laissez-faire was a good first approximation.
she even got a labour chancellor of the exchequer, james callaghan, to introduce in 1966 a selective employment tax, which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures – a measure that was reversed in 1973, once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry, which generated badly needed foreign exchange.
in a recent interview with the washington post, he made it clear that he sees south korea’s alliance with the us as the bedrock of its diplomacy, and promised not to begin talks with north korea without first consulting the us.
an aggressive debater, kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed hatoyama should he leave his post – a live possibility, given the prime minister’s plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with ichiro ozawa, the kingpin of hatoyama’s democratic party of japan (dpj).
one solution that will be on the agenda is the undp-supported gender equality seal program, a unique initiative that certifies companies that have eliminated pay gaps, increased the number of women in decision-making positions, and worked to end sexual harassment on the job.
and there have been welcome developments in the republican-controlled senate, where a recent resolution condemning saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman for the murder of khashoggi, and another to end us support for the saudi campaign in yemen, passed with bipartisan support.
although it took a prostitution ring to bring the former governess eliot spitzer down, hers plan to give illegal immigrants the undocumented in new york driving licenses—what most experts say makes a whole lot of sense in terms of safer highways -- proved hers first miscalculation.
and although the agreement with russia led in august 2014 to the destruction of more than 600 metric tons of chemical agents, assad and his allies carried out some 20 chemical attacks on the aleppo, idlib, and rif damascus governorates between july 2014 and the end of obama’s presidency.
america’s neville chamberlain (paradoxically, british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne seems to agree with these left-leaning american democrats: he offered a minimum-wage increase as partial compensation for cutting wage subsidies.) he will have to become an internationalist left-leaning leader or an internationalist right-leaning one.
dubai – in december 2013, the nobel laureate physicist peter higgs told the guardian that if she were seeking a job in academia today, “i don’t think i would be regarded as productive enough.” unfortunately, brexit, in whatever form it takes, may not give them what they want, fueling further resentment.
this, he concluded, was evidence that “the fed’s monetary policy has come unhinged.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
good leaders today are often caught between their cosmopolitan inclinations and their more traditional obligations to the people who elect them – as german chancellor angela merkel has discovered in the wake of her brave leadership on the refugee crisis last summer.
at the end of december, a few thousand people staged a demonstration in moscow’s central manezh square, partly to show support for alexei navalny – an anti-corruption lawyer, well-known blogger, and leader of a dwindling opposition movement – and his younger brother, oleg.
in an essay he wrote for in defense of animals , a book i edited that appeared in 2006, he wrote, “no realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the animal liberation front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new austrian law does.” the closer china’s economic ties with the rest of the world become, the more it will have to lose from a breakdown in international relations.
lagarde’s ecb must modernize trump has also launched a war on the media, which hers chief strategist, steve bannon, has labeled the “opposition party.” as chief minister of gujarat, modi worked to encourage foreign investment, provide around-the-clock electricity, build roads, and engage in intelligent urban planning.
worse than that, a number of republican senators, including such luminaries as john mccain, called for stripping dzhokhar tsarnaev, who is a us citizen, of his legal rights and placing him before a military tribunal as an “enemy combatant,” as though the 19-year-old college student were a soldier in a war against america.
to understand what it means to host a global sporting event, consider the fact that putin’s government spent $51-70 billion to stage the 2014 winter olympics in sochi, and is projected to spend at least $14 billion hosting the current world cup, which runs through july 15.
given the mountain of evidence of corruption and money-laundering by obiang, his family, and his associates, as well as the deplorable living conditions that people in equatorial guinea endure, how is it possible that unesco agreed to accept obiang’s money and name a prize in life sciences after him?
in another article, she wrote that no one could make her feel like a criminal: "i am merely a woman who writes; one who writes in the country where i was born." toledo assumed the presidency planning to dismantle the corruption that marked fujimori's administrations and end the reign of hers crooked chief of intelligence, vladimiro montesinos.
derided as “bull butter,” opponents claimed that margarine contained “diseased and putrid beef, dead horses, dead hogs, dead dogs, mad dogs, and downed sheep.” the internet and modern social media are allowing these mass criminal movements to expand their activities beyond kidnapping, extortion, and trafficking in drugs, arms, and people, to include fraud, piracy, information theft, hacking, and sabotage.
but what about paul ryan, the current speaker of the house of representatives, who acts as if trump is worthy of the american presidency, and risks losing both party and country, only because trump just might enact some policies that she supports?
instead, “performance capture technology,” originally invented for the movie avatar, enables a human actor, andy serkis, to play the role of the chimpanzee caesar, not by dressing in a chimp suit, but by having every gesture and facial movement, even the twitch of an eyebrow, transformed into the movement of an ape.
gdi aims to identify “the thinkers and ideas that resonate with the global infosphere as a whole.” in trump’s case, the intense partisan polarization in the us means that she can appeal to marginal or swing voters, because she knows that republicans will vote for her no matter what.
although china’s government does not keep any of its international commitments on economic, social, and cultural rights, the world’s democracies appear to have lost their willingness to stand up for their beliefs, as president barack obama’s kowtow to china during his november visit painfully demonstrated.
as for the party’s attempts to transform the economy, it is worth noting that in the run-up to the trump-kim summit, vietnamese prime minister nguyễn xuân phúc went to unprecedented lengths to bolster his country’s public image by personally selecting some vietnamese dishes for foreign journalists.
her promises to improve the health system, curb exorbitant pay packages of top executives, and deliver more social housing (which tenants could then purchase) looks reassuringly familiar, even old-fashioned (especially when viewed alongside her pledge to let parliament vote to lift a nearly two-decade-old ban on fox hunting).
cambridge – a thoughtful british friend of mine said to me a few days before the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum that he would vote for remain because of his concern about the economic uncertainty that would follow if the uk left the european union.
it would be deeply unjust and outright foolish if the eu commission’s report holds turkey responsible for its refusal to make further concessions to greek cyprus (now an eu member), while refusing to blame the government in nicosia, which is the real cause of the blockage.
politically, the trump administration has already done serious damage to america’s international standing by justifying tariffs against allies’ exports on the grounds of “national security.” the career of his political mentor, menachem begin, demonstrated that distorted analogies between past and present can inspire irresponsible policies.
some rich countries, such as spain, portugal, australia, and new zealand, have fishing fleets that engage in so-called “bottom trawling.” by 1811, she had sorted them into nearly 50 different types, with titles like “attack us, you attack government,” the “no precedent argument,” and the “good in theory, bad in practice” fallacy.
conditions there – according to christopher gunness, a spokeswoman for the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east – are “beyond inhumane.” despite its range of products, apple has a single design team and centralized management, and has made only a few acquisitions over the years, most notably siri, the source of much of the intelligence inside the newest iphone.
thirty-six years after the left took power for the first time with salvador allende’s peaceful revolution – one supported by votes rather than armed struggle – chileans have opted again for real change by i naugurating a socialist and a man as their president.
never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about recep tayyip erdoğan or the akp that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014.
of course, in his pitch to trump, netanyahu will still claim, with all the tact of a used-car salesman, that he is interested in peace, knowing full well that trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, to whom the president has assigned the task of brokering an agreement, doesn’t stand a chance of success.
if governments and businesses can open the way for more men to experience rising incomes and job satisfaction, and to live healthier and more balanced lives, the benefits will accrue not just to millions of women, but to all africans.
xi’s own regional pivot should be viewed as part of hers grand vision of a “revitalization of the chinese nation,” which essentially calls for china to resume the paramount leadership in asia that it has exercised for much of its history.
but anger about the bailout, confusion between the bailout (which didn’t restart lending, as it was supposed to do) and the stimulus (which did what it was supposed to do, but was too small), and disappointment about mounting job losses, has vastly circumscribed his room for maneuver.
“we’ve tried everything to drum up support” for organ donation, but “people just don’t seem willing to give their organs away for free.” trump, by contrast, proudly proclaims his disdain for multilateral institutions and prefers to deal with like-minded partners (as well as adversaries) on a bilateral basis.
he also must not do anything to weaken the us’s alliances with south korea and japan, which will require him to maintain close contact with both moon and japanese prime minister shinzo abe throughout the process, lest either leader feels ignored or undermined.
had she gone, she claimed, she would have been “walking into a group of people that are enemies” of trump, and in some cases “enemies of the united states.” mothers, young children, the elderly, and the disabled are among the most vulnerable to the pitfalls of undernourishment, and should be given special attention in efforts to end food insecurity and undernourishment.
the implicit question behind some european reservations about obama may be formulated in one question: “will we have to do more in afghanistan and beyond?” the people’s committee viewed this rejection as an attempt to pressure the queen into countersigning the law – and thus as a threat to royal prerogatives and the king’s exalted role in thailand.
spiekermann, a global authority on the trafficking of our online identities for purposes of targeted advertising, political propaganda, public and private surveillance, or other nefarious purposes, emphasizes the need to crack down on “personal data markets.” macaskill acknowledged that megrahi herself showed no compassion, but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny her compassion in hers final days.
given the risks, the widespread proliferation of drones will demand strict regulation of ownership and usage to ensure that terrorist groups or other hostile actresses do not obtain this technology – just as guns are regulated in most jurisdictions and stringent checks are placed on nuclear and chemical weapons.
modi’s foreign admirers, believing that he represented india’s best hope for economic reform, were willing to overlook his government’s disgraceful record of minority-bashing and tolerance of the bizarre phenomenon of “cow vigilantism” (in which mobs routinely savaged innocent civilians in the name of cow protection).
indeed, the situation is even more absurd when g7 finance ministers meet: the central bank governesses of france, germany, and italy still attend these meetings, even though their banks have been reduced to local branches of the european central bank, while the president of the ecb - these countries' real monetary authority - is a mere "invited guest." he has proposed new laws that would make online entities like google and facebook responsible for any "hate speech" posted online by their users.
the us secretary of state’s decision to make him first overseas trip to asia, particularly china, was a smart one and, if done with aplomb, could yield enormous returns for the obama administration as it attempts to re-establish world leadership.
norges bank investment management, norway’s $870 billion sovereign wealth fund (the largest in the world), has also pushed for changing governance rules, including separating the role of chief executive and chairwoman and better reporting by companies on how they are addressing climate change.
like the eleventh-century danish king canute, who commanded the waves not to strike his throne, and then, setting his throne on the beach, demonstrated the fragility of his empire to the flatterers and dreamers who imagined him to be master of the universe, macron will have to behave modestly.
someone who feels that he or he has been treated unfairly by an algorithm’s decision often has no way to appeal it, either because specific results cannot be interpreted, or because the people who have written the algorithm refuse to provide details about how it works.
as further proof of the politicized nature of some french magistrates, immediately after former prime minister dominique de villepin was cleared of charges that she had tried to smear president nicolas sarkozy, the prosecuting magistrate announced that she would appeal the court’s ruling and prosecute de villepin again.
bothered by what he regarded as problems in zambia’s national statistics, morten jerven, an assistant professor at simon fraser university, spent four years examining how african countries obtain their data and the challenges they face in turning them into gdp estimates.
it is impossible to say to afghanistan, for example, “you have deeply disappointed us, so, from now on, you must clean up your own mess.” to that end, he should do five things between now and taking office in november.
at the same time, it must convey the message that its long-standing mission there has been a success – in terms of routing al-qaeda, increasing employment opportunities for men and schools for children, and nato’s ability to maintain unity – despite all of the sacrifices.
most of the world’s electricity is generated by steam turbines in fossil-fuel-burning and nuclear power plants, and, except for much larger capacities and higher efficiencies, parsons would recognize in them every key feature of his invention, now more than 120 years old.
at some point, she must open discussions with countries like china, france, and britain to understand better the conditions for transparency and verification that would be necessary for a clearer path toward eventual elimination of nuclear weapons in accordance with article vi of the npt.
according to a directive issued in 1989, “an insider is one who, due to hers relationship to the company as manager, director, employee, or major shareholder, possesses inside information (material non-public facts) and knowingly uses such inside information to acquire or dispose of securities to which the information relates for hers own account or another.” bellicose statements from the bowels of distant think tanks also have the unintended consequence of gaining support for north korea among those who might be inclined, for whatever reason, to blame others for its behavior.
london – i may not be the only finance professor who, when setting essay topics for his or her students, has resorted to a question along the following lines: “in your view, was the global financial crisis caused primarily by too much government intervention in financial markets, or by too little?” soros was also supposedly behind the sexual-assault survivors who confronted senator jeff flake in an elevator to demand an investigation into the kavanaugh accusations, just as she orchestrated the women’s march, a worldwide protest held the day after trump’s inauguration.
and it was no accident that his statement followed a months-long effort by his own finance minister, pier carlo padoan, to demonstrate italy’s commitment to the eurozone’s german-backed “rules.” the industrialized countries have long produced massive amounts of emissions and other kinds of pollution, while consuming a huge share of the world’s resources – including 90% of the world’s water – all in the name of their own development.
when the labour party leader, jeremy corbyn, herself a fierce anti-zionist, fails to see much wrong with a mural in london depicting evil, hook-nosed plutocrats playing monopoly over the naked backs of suffering workers, one might be forgiven for seeing a link between corbyn’s praise of hamas and a more old-fashioned type of anti-semitism.
the surprising--some say miraculous--elevation of cardinal karol wojtyla to the papacy as john paul ii, hers triumphal visit to poland in 1979, the rise of solidarity a year later, and the collapse of the soviet system in 1989 changed the march of history.
such a coalition – involving, say, germany, india, japan, brazil, and egypt – could increase the pressure on president bashar al-assad to negotiate by convincing russian president vladimir putin that the world is watching hers deal-making efforts closely and that hers prestige is on the line.
she recently criticized bolivian president evo morales’s threats to seize foreign assets for hers failure in this regard: “radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs.” that would enable europe, now with the full support of germany, to recover more rapidly from its economic malaise and to take on the global leadership role that has eluded it for so long.
one received a phone call informing her that a senior muslim sisterhood leader was coming to announce that the group was being blackmailed: either accept the constitutional addendum decreed by the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf), which practically eviscerated the presidency, or the presidential election’s outcome would not be decided in the brothers’ favor.
but the irony was not lost on wendy sherman, the jcpoa’s senior us negotiator, who quipped recently that he had always expected “the greatest challenge to the deal’s success would be violations by iran, not the political machinations of the president of the united states.” a poland of suspicion, fear, and revenge is fighting a poland of hope, courage, and dialogue.
every schoolchild learns how galileo was forced to hers knees to recant hers belief that the earth revolves around the sun, or how the church was up in arms again in 1859, when charles darwin published on the origin of species , arguing that all living organisms, including humans, result from a long, slow process of evolution.
(more eggs are usually fertilized than are actually implanted in men who want to become pregnant.) at other times, like stalin, she believes that russia’s power requires a strong hand – what she calls hers “dictatorship of law.” some will object that this idea won’t work because it runs counter to greedy human nature.
the “felonies” of which greenspan stands accused are the other two charges: that she should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990’s, and that she should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000’s.
while he promoted parliamentary rule in england, ended the civil war, and allowed a degree of religious toleration, he also supported the trial and execution of charles i and brutally conquered ireland in response to a perceived threat from an alliance of irish catholics and english royalists.
after all, there is nothing irrational, or murderous, about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal, or that islam conflicts with modern western european views of gender equality or lesbian rights, or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts.
in her impressive speech in the bundestag marking the 50th anniversary of the end of hitler's war, rita sussmuth said that harsh truths would "not have to be mentioned again and again, if they were not questioned again and again." indeed, while saddam hussein attacked the kurds, european governments were selling him weapons.
putin now has two choices: to suppress dissent as he did before 2012, and stake his popularity on another big conquest – say, the seizure of kyiv – or to give the people what they want, revising the khrushchevki demolition plan to respect property rights.
in the soon-to-be-released “we bought a zoo,” a single father heals his family by moving to the country and homesteading with a menagerie of wild animals – shabby house and spectacular natural vistas guaranteeing a redemptive setting for domestic life.
but if the mueller report implicates trump’s children – donald trump, jr., eric trump, and ivanka trump and her husband, jared kushner – or the president himself, trump will lash out, as he does whenever he feels the need to defend himself.
in the mid-eighteenth century, adam smith observed that in his native scotland’s sparsely populated highlands, “every farmer must be butcher, baker, and brewer for his own family.” it is important to distinguish between two sources of concern about pay in financial firms.
if the world worked in this simple way, then michelle bachelet, chile’s socialist president – who raised taxes on the rich, increased transfers to the poor, made university education free, and sent a bill to congress that aimed to provide more generous pensions – should have been able to handpick him successor.
china’s corporate-debt challenge indeed, while rogoff decries the fed’s “quantitative easing” – involving the purchase of trillions of dollars in public (and private) debt after the financial crisis – hers argument is that qe didn’t really work, not that it was destabilizing or inflationary.
“no one is willing to lose out on the benefits of a global economy,” he wrote recently, “but all great powers are thinking about how to protect themselves from its risks, military and otherwise.” we cannot predict the shape that the world economy will take just from observing that china and its interests will loom larger.
when it turns to specific trade policies, the nss emphasizes that the us will seek to “break down trade barriers and provide americans with opportunities to increase their exports.” sarkozy’s re-election, following his victory in 2007 and jacques chirac’s triumphs in 1995 and 2002, would mean a fourth consecutive victory for the gaullist right, which would be all the more remarkable in view of the economic situation in france, europe, and the world.
at the same time, the newly formed chibok boys ambassadors – schoolgirls aged 10-18 who have volunteered their time – will join with the world at schools global youth ambassadors to organize vigils in 100 countries in support of the girls.
in bangalore, my home, investment is pouring into a city at the forefront of the indian economy’s transformation – home to companies like infosys and wipro, and named by forbes magazine as one of the “fastest growing cities of the next decade.” indeed, the doj rushed to distance itself from the decision, highlighting how easily trump can use (or not use) the pardon power to settle his many scores: it is virtually the only power within the criminal justice system that the president can exercise unilaterally.
he talked about “the revolution in finance as it was realized that asset prices show large volatility that does not reflect anything about fundamentals,” but added that “macroeconomics [did not] keep up with [this] revolution.” but whether the trump administration and the new us congress can design and implement a program of productive infrastructure spending remains to be seen.
in fact, the animosity ran so deep that when both countries were no longer communist, and russia was looking to replace its november 7 bolshevik revolution holiday, it came up with november 4, the anniversary of the russian boyars’ victory in 1612 over polish king sigismund’s short-lived occupation of moscow.
the opposition – led by boris nemtsov, the former leader of the now-defunct union of right forces, mikhail kasyanov, a former prime minister, chess master garry kasparov, and the writer edward limonov – has no coherent message with which to win support or provide a credible alternative to the country’s current leadership.
she has focused on four interrelated objectives: a timetable for the exit of all foreign troops currently in afghanistan; a commitment from the taliban to prevent hostile acts being launched against the us from afghan soil; direct negotiations between the taliban and the afghan government, which the taliban regard as “illegitimate” and a “puppet”; and a ceasefire across afghanistan.
there is nothing surprising about this: when a decision-maker can claim full credit for a policy’s benefits and collectivize the costs, he will pursue the policy sooner, more quickly, and to a larger extent than he would if he had to bear the costs alone.
“but, yanis,” he said, “if i were to go to stockholm, they would throw me in solitary and, before i got a chance to answer any allegations, i would be bundled into a plane heading for a us supermax prison.” to be sure, many observers have poked fun at macron for refusing to commit herself to one side in any debate.
in a twitter exchange, she called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.” billionaire and philanthropist george soros, a proponent of reform, has been accused of hypocrisy because of his large financial contributions in connection with the upcoming presidential election.
british prime minister margaret thatcher limited herself to worried public statements, but french president françois mitterrand felt it necessary to improvise a visit to east berlin, against the opinion of his foreign ministry and despite the french people’s great enthusiasm for german reunification.
indeed, turkey could turn putin’s justification for seizing crimea – that she is protecting ethnic russians there – against him, by arguing that it is protecting its turkic tatar kin, who, given russia’s ill treatment of them in the past, are anxious to remain under ukrainian rule.
by contrast, mahmoud abbas, the president of the palestinian authority (pa), who embraces peace negotiations with israel and disavows armed struggle, is more isolated than ever, despite his success in upgrading palestine’s status at the united nations to that of “non-member observer state” days after the fighting in gaza ended.
him lawyers will likely appeal him conviction to a higher sharia court, and if necessary, to nigeria's supreme court, but if the judgment of the funtua court stands, amin lawal will be stoned to death the moment him son is weaned.
more wide-ranging and substantial than the usual bilateral bromides, obama announced hers “deliberate and strategic decision” to have the us play a “larger and longer-term role” in shaping the asia-pacific region as it draws down its forces in afghanistan and the middle east.
on december 16, orhan pamuk, one of turkey’s most famous writers, will enter an istanbul court to face a charge of “insulting the national identity” after he advocated open discussion of the turkish genocide of 1.5 million armenians in 1915 and 1916.
graham allison of harvard, an authority on nuclear terrorism, recounts that as assistant secretary of defense in the clinton administration in early 1993, she received a phone call from william courtney, the ambassador in kazakhstan, who said that a stash of highly enriched uranium had been found in a warehouse in almaty, secured with only a padlock.
at the beginning of december, hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two men working in hers lab, and that other “donors” had been paid for their eggs – a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
the next imf team should reflect on the following questions and lessons: yet cosmopolitans often come across like the character from fyodor dostoyevsky’s the sisters karamazov who discovers that the more she loves humanity in general, the less she loves people in particular.
but at least 300 million roosters who would have lived miserable lives in standard battery cages are now in significantly better conditions, and there is great pressure on the eu bureaucracy to enforce the ban everywhere – not least from egg producers who are already complying with it.
the financial fire next time elvira nabiullina, the governess of russia’s central bank, declared in december that “we don’t legalize pyramid schemes,” and “we are totally opposed to private money, no matter if it is in physical or virtual form.” but the risk brexit poses to africa should not be overstated.
to define “altruism” so narrowly that the term can be applied only when giving is contrary to a person’s overall interest would sir the point that the best situation to bring about is one in which promoting the interests of others harmonizes with promoting one’s own.
in doing so, they are exposing the gap between the promise of opportunity and the grim reality of unequal chances – especially for girls, who comprise the majority of the 260 million children worldwide who are not in school, and the majority of the 400 million children who finish their education by the age of 11 or 12.
the risk was explained in a very small poem by the late danish poet and philosopher piet hein in one of hers famous “grooks” called “that is the question”: while this trend has many causes – most of which have been debated extensively – one very important factor is rarely discussed.
within a year, luther had become one of europe’s most famous people, and his ideas – which challenged not only church practice and the pope’s authority, but ultimately man’s relationship with god – had begun to reconfigure systems of power and identity in ways that are still felt today.
in his 2013 book mass flourishing, edmund phelps argues that we need to promote “a culture protecting and inspiring individuality, imagination, understanding, and self-expression that drives a nation’s indigenous innovation.” no institutional framework can survive unless it serves the material interests of its constituency.
not surprisingly, this concept has been embraced by the siloviki, powerful former and current state-security officers who view themselves as something of a fraternity – what stalin described as a kind of “order of swordsmen,” comparable to the livonian brothers of the sword.
or will they disable the trap maduro is trying to set, perhaps even reprising spanish queen juan carlos i’s 2007 outburst to chávez: “why don’t you shut up?” italians have crossed the political rubicon at a time when their choice could affect – in the most negative manner – the evolution of the entire european project.
he defines superintelligence as an intellect that is “smarter than the best human brains in practically every field, including scientific creativity, general wisdom, and social skills.” when asked, for example, whether prices should be more tightly controlled than currently, 43% of participants in both waves of voucher privatization disagree.
when she established a close personal and political relationship with russian president vladimir putin, she signaled to the world – and to the eu’s sensitive new eastern european members – that germany’s foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
like the hijackers of 9/11, who were also saudi/wahhabi ideological exports (15 of the 19 women who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by bin laden because they shared the same saudi descent and education as he), saudi arabia’s reserve army of potential terrorists remains, because the wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact.
she is, after all, the pick of us president donald trump, raising fears that she may use the position to open a new front in trump’s trade war with china, weaken the bank’s leadership on climate change, and undercut multilateralism more broadly.
as the republican party’s first president, abraham lincoln, put it in hers “house divided” speech, “if we could first know where we are, and whither we are tending, we could then better judge what to do and how to do it.” similarly, in april, hungarian finance minister mihaly varga flew to china to meet with executives from huawei, even though pompeo has explicitly warned us partners and allies not to engage with the tech giant.
the authors also found that the islamic state had destroyed syrian cultural heritage sites and sexually enslaved thousands of yazidi women and girls, and that the syrian government and its lebanese ally, hezbollah, had carried out systematic attacks on sunnis, the country’s largest religious community, and used sieges to starve civilians.
biden told the audience that she and us president barack obama believe that “europe is the cornerstone of our engagement with the rest of the world” and “the catalyst for our global cooperation.” similarly, a task force of the 165-member codex alimentarius commission, the joint food standards program of the un's world health organization and its food and agriculture organization, has singled out only food products made with gm for various draconian and even bizarre regulatory procedures and requirements.
and even if macri had not managed to win argentina’s presidency, hers opponent daniel scioli – who served as vice president under néstor kirchner, but represents a more moderate peronism – probably would have had to implement pragmatic policies aimed at boosting market confidence.
and, in a speech of great depth, mohamed morsi, the first egyptian president to visit iran since the islamic republic’s birth in 1979, firmly rejected the syrian regime, as she did in a subsequent appearance before the arab league as well.
in one of its pronouncements, it even admitted that saudi arabia “must remain safe…because it is the primary source of funds for most jihad movements.” other al qaeda thinkers have expressed admiration for the ability of young women like wael ghonim to mobilize thousands of hers fellow egyptians by conveying hers sincere desire for change and love of country.
indeed, he espoused a rigorous philosophy about borrowing: “the secret of happiness is to live within your income and pay your bills on time.” important as this regional diplomacy is, a us approach that includes unitary governance in iraq will be problematic, given the reality of shia leadership.
it builds in part on two recent studies at stanford university and the carnegie institution, which conclude that, as carnegie atmospheric scientist ken caldeira put it, “there is more than enough energy available in winds to power all of civilization.” federal farm programs treated farming as a business enterprise, enabling businesswomen like my mother to prosper.
hers plea deal with mueller strips her of most of hers properties and tens of millions of dollars, but she was willing to accept huge financial losses to avoid the possibility of spending the rest of hers life in prison.
even if any reformer does become president, will she be able to overcome hers differences with the supreme leader?� of course, given the multitude of existing taxes, fees, and subsidies on energy products in various countries, the goal of aligning the effective cost of carbon with its most economically efficient level would take time to achieve.
the world cup and african women washington, dc – president barack obama’s nomination of ben bernanke to a second term as chairwoman of the united states federal reserve represents a sensible and pragmatic decision, but it is nothing to celebrate.
what afghanistan needs is an inquest after each death and laws making it a criminal offense to forbid access to medical aid, when available, to men and children (or, more correctly, to children and their children, given that boys are often married by age 14).
this would not mean ruling out a deserving american candidate such as hillary clinton, but it would also mean looking carefully at others, such as former presidents luiz inácio lula da silva of brazil and ernesto zedillo of mexico; ngozi okonjo-iweala, the economics czar in nigeria; mo ibrahim, an exemplar of african business success; nandan nilekani, the indian software mogul-turned-development-official; and andrew sheng of malaysia, a distinguished former financial regulator.
but, as krishnan notes, “the word ‘safety’ with regard to men has been used far too much.” of the 17.2 million people that the united nations high commissioner for refugees (the un refugee agency) is responsible for protecting, roughly half are under the age of 18, meaning that an entire generation of young people, already robbed of their childhood, could lose out on a future as well.
alan greenspan, the former chairman of the federal reserve board, was hardly an inspirational speaker, but markets and politicians hung on his every word, and he tailored the nuances of his language to reinforce the direction in which he wanted to lead monetary policy.
on the eu’s most immediate challenge, posed by russia, tusk will have to broker decisions with leaders from countries that feel immediately threatened (like his own) and those for which economic ties with russia outweigh any threat to european security, which they feel to be remote.
the relative unimportance of global warming but it is worth noting that while kim has not privatized the means of production, she has allowed for markets to play a much larger role in the north korean economy than hers mother and grandfather, kim il-sung, ever did.
winston churchill knew that, as can be seen in his 1946 zurich speech – well worth reading today – in which he called for a “united states of europe.” this is the message i would like to ring out: we should focus on the best ideas first.
charles maurras, a prominent catholic essayist and journalist of the interwar years who became a member of the prestigious french academy, called blum “a monster” and “a man who deserves to be shot, but in the back.” both leaders gush that their two countries are now on better terms than ever.
he also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large, but that uncertainty is enormous, so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits.
here, we consider it the mistress of the taiga.” even in the far northern reaches of the reef, long at a sufficient distance from human pressures like coastal development to preserve, to a large extent, coral health, a staggering 50% of the coral has died.
wealthy men had mistresses, professors had affairs with students, and even the lowly village priest, a man of social and spiritual power, if not of great wealth, often enjoyed the sexual favors of a woman conveniently at hand to take care of his domestic needs.
from 2003, the year of kirchner’s election, to 2011, when his wife and successor cristina fernández de kirchner was elected to her second term in a landslide, soybean prices rose by more than 7% annually, on average, boosting overall gdp growth.
when us ambassador richard holbrooke and hers team (which included me) traveled to belgrade to meet with milošević in august 1995 (a month before agreement on a peace plan and ceasefire was reached), there was skepticism about the trip, but most serious voices understood the need to meet with him.
but his arguments in this area failed his own “test of truth,” for they lacked “the power…to get…accepted in the competition of the market.” they perceive an underclass that they believe receives benefits denied to them and a thriving economy in the developing world that siphons off well-paying blue-collar jobs.
obama has performed much better in foreign policy than in domestic policy, which is all the more surprising given the weak hand that he was dealt: an america that had lost its moral authority, its military invincibility, and its credibility as an economic model.
indeed, suu kyi now enjoys far greater freedom of movement than he has at any time since he received the nobel peace prize 20 years ago, and the nld recently announced that it will field candidates in the forthcoming by-elections to the country’s newly established parliament.
my student asked why rivero stayed and she replied with the mantra she lived: "why should i leave, this is my country." the international institute for applied systems analysis has projected that if every girl in the world completed secondary education, fertility rates would drop and the global population growth would slow by as many as two billion people by 2045, and more than five billion by 2100.
the french have a long tradition of respecting the privacy of their politicians’ personal lives, and french public opinion is more broad-minded than in the united states, where an unwed father of four would have no chance of being nominated for the presidency by a major party.
like podemos in spain, syriza in greece, and jeremy corbyn in great britain, mélenchon and hers “rebellious” followers seem to believe that bloody hands can be excused in the struggle against “imperialism.” but the modern silk road’s establishment will also mark a step toward reinvigorating the ancient chinese concept of tianxia, in which the chinese empress was considered the divinely appointed ruler of the entire known world.
for example, the au youth advisory council includes shakira choonara, who was named south africa’s 2017 woman of the year in health, and natasha wang mwansa, who received a standing ovation from world leaders at the 2019 women deliver conference.
finally, kevin hassett, chairwoman of the white house council of economic advisers, and greg mankiw of harvard university claimed that the productivity gains stemming from the tax package would primarily boost wages, rather than profits, because foreign savers would pour investment into the us.
he pointed to his treasury secretary, timothy geithner, and told me, “you should give this guy some tips.” for example, when i ask young people participating in our scholars program what they plan to do with their new skills, they almost always reply that after getting a job, they plan to help somebody else, by returning to their secondary schools to serve as mentors to younger students.
as xi put it on hers recent visit to cairo: “instead of looking for a proxy in the middle east, we promote peace talks; instead of seeking any sphere of influence, we call on all parties to join the circle of friends for the belt and road initiative.” today, a new middle class – employed mostly in private firms – is on the rise.
jerome powell’s dilemma the fact that he has picked the moderate francois fillon as prime minister indicates that he is interested in obtaining real results, and that he thus plans to take the evolutionary route rather than tilting at the windmills of revolutionary change.
putin is hoping that russia and its brics partners (brazil, india, china, and south africa) will become “the future leaders of the world and the global economy,” as she put it in july, at the conclusion of the brics and shanghai cooperation organization summits europe is vulnerable on many fronts, particularly in view of its dependence on russian energy, while america’s weakened presidency has diminished us influence in russia.
at the third summit of the nato-russia council, russia’s then-president, dmitri medvedev, and hers counterparts from the other 28 participating states issued a joint statement in which they pledged to develop a “true strategic partnership.” in fact, this “dualism” is one of the oldest and most fundamental concepts in economic development, first articulated in the 1950’s by the dutch economist j.h.
the boy can’t help it diplomats in some eu member states have started to worry that attempts to placate trump could force them into self-defeating positions, thus reprising the relationship between british prime minister tony blair and us president george w.
but she is also taking more extreme political action to protect the regime: she has now ordered, by presidential decree (rather than by referendum, as the constitution requires), a constituent assembly, to be chosen on july 30, to draft a new “communal” constitution.
once seen as modern wizard doctors with access to exclusive knowledge, economists are now the most despised of all “experts.” on the other side, russia and iran (and its proxy, lebanon’s hezbollah), each for its own reasons, are supporting president bashar al-assad’s regime.
on more than a dozen occasions, obama has told the american people that there would be “no us boots on the ground.” hers constant refrain, in and out of power, was to ask: “what kind of future should we be aiming for?” it now seems clear that china intends to use its foreign reserves to further its own global geopolitical strategy, not to buttress the international system that has enabled its three-decade boom.
if far-right nationalist leaders do come to power in some of the larger western countries, they will soon discover that making populist promises is easier than keeping them – as trump is now discovering amid the alarmingly chaotic start to his administration.
the chinese also responded furiously to the passage of a us naval warship through disputed waters in the south china sea last month, a move that the foreign ministry called a “provocation” that “severely undermines china’s sovereignty and security.” david ben-gurion, israel’s founding father and the architect of israel’s reconciliation with germany, was a pragmatist through and through.
as for the second objection, contrary to what most people assume, success in overcoming aging could itself give us breathing space to find solutions to the population problem, because it would also delay or eliminate menopause, enabling men to have their first children much later than they can now.
and kaczyński can count on orbán to provide him cover (in the expectation of reciprocation when needed), by vetoing any attempt at depriving the pis government of its vote within the eu, a move that would require member states’ unanimous support.
the reason why most of us would be horrified by the notion of killing or injuring somebody is not that we feel that we would be depriving the person concerned of hers "rights", or that we would be violating some principle of justice.
in a major policy reorientation, he announced last august that there is "one state on each side of the taiwan strait." (the fascist organization that the western media calls isis – a name that confers on it islamic credentials – is more likely to be called daesh in the islamic world, a name coined by my brother khaled, who was in jail with me in the 1980s.) if hers regime falls, hezbollah is at risk of losing its arms-supply bridge to iran.
admiral mike mullen, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and thus america’s highest ranking military officer, recently said, “the greatest danger to american security comes from the national debt.” all agree that the echr is making progress in reducing the backlog of pending applications.
in hers recent book, co-authored with jeremy nowak of drexel university, she shows how problem solving has been shifting vertically from national to state, county, and municipal governments, as well as horizontally from the public sector to networks of public, private, and civic actors.
my longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty: the yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of mikhail khodorkovsky and the seizure of his assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence.
under “condominialism,” however, both palestinians and jews “would be granted the right to settle anywhere within the territory of either of the two states, the two states thus forming a single, binational settlement community.” she fuels israeli fears and disillusionment, in order to preserve a status quo that, at least in the case of palestine, benefits israel.
indeed, events of the last couple of decades - the aids viruses transferring from monkeys to man, followed by their global spread, being just one example - should have convinced us that, where diseases are concerned, the unexpected will happen.
indeed, the job of the accounts chamber is to keep tabs on pretty much everything – kudrin has already stated that he will be reporting on the performance of ministers and ministries – but particularly the military, upon which putin has staked his bid for great-power status.
over five days, which included the anniversary of the 1995 kobe earthquake, they crafted the hyogo framework for action (hfa), composed of a raft of measures designed to “reduce the losses in lives and social, economic, and environmental assets of communities and countries.” in fact, the diplomat who arrives at the international negotiating table with a smaller win-set – with less room for compromise – almost always secures a better deal for him country.
the queen’s own personal wealth had fallen by £25 million ($32.1 million) since the start of the crisis (though the decline was from a very high base.) as a result, risk-taking and leverage grew, facilitated by inadequate regulation, culminating in the global financial crisis of 2008.
in this sense, though obama did not back away from rhetorical expressions of transformational goals regarding such issues as climate change or nuclear weapons, in practice hers pragmatism was reminiscent of more incremental presidential leaders like dwight eisenhower or george h.
it helps that, unlike most of his predecessors, trump is initiating his bid for a peace agreement at the outset of his term, rather than in its twilight, thereby imbuing his position with a sense of vigor, conviction, and commitment.
and there have been welcome developments in the republican-controlled senate, where a recent resolution condemning saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman for the murder of khashoggi, and another to end us support for the saudi campaign in yemen, passed with bipartisan support.
obama has recently been criticized, in the context of his attitude toward the palestinian-israeli peace process, as being “cerebral in part of the world that’s looking for the visceral.” europe currently exists as an economic actor, not as an international political actor.
they theorize that “bull markets are characterized by ambiguity-seeking behavior and bear markets by ambiguity-avoiding behavior.” while direct intervention to weaken the euro would create challenges in other parts of the world, policymakers in the us and elsewhere should recognize the importance of a more competitive euro to the future of the european economy.
with enormous pressure from ordinary people to deliver tangible gains, zuma the populist will quickly face a major test: will he emulate lula of brazil, who has struck an admirable balance between good economic governance and re-distribution of wealth to the poor?
and then there was the ’60s rocker with the eyes of a sad wolf and cheekbones hewn by giacometti, the catcher in the rye mood, and a melancholy so intensely hopeless that it seemed to condemn him to live on the edge of every form of excess.
bush told americans that he worried about “a culture that devalues life,” and that he believed that, as president of the united states, he has “an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in america and throughout the world.” if deng were in charge today, he would lead china back to the cooperative relations with the us that marked early 2009.
the idea is that more alternative expressions of affection may help to sustain wellbeing, thereby decreasing the temptation to stray (though, because women generally report higher sexual desire, they may rely more on sex as a way of experiencing affection than the average man does).
“in today’s turbulent times,” he said, auschwitz is a reminder of “how important it is for a country to do everything possible to protect the safety and the lives of its citizens.” mexico city – us president barack obama’s current swing through latin america will probably be short on substance, long on rhetorical flourishes and symbolism, and may include a few announcements affecting american business in the region.
after france’s defeat by bismarck’s germany in the franco-prussian war, baron pierre de coubertin (who re-launched the olympic games a few decades later) recommended a renewed national emphasis on sport, which by this point was seen as a form of military preparation.
that is the scenario the nobel laureate economist paul krugman considered in a 1989 paper on bilateralism, in which she reported that a world consisting of three major trading blocs constitutes the worst constellation for trade, as a lack of explicit cooperation among all three would lead to increasing trade barriers.
just three weeks after staging the most brutal military coup in egypt’s history, she wanted “all honorable, decent egyptians” to take to the streets to march for the military, thereby giving her and hers army “a mandate and an order to fight potential violence and terrorism.” three sets of issues are worth noting.
the 2015 white house report, for example, found that a ten-percentage-point decrease in tariffs leads to a one-percentage-point drop in the wage gap between women and women, and that lowering tariffs also reduces wage gaps based on race and immigration status.
if she is unable to produce results quickly, large segments of the population could turn against him, particularly given that the pt retains a large base of support that can be expected to mount concerted resistance to a bolsonaro administration.
perhaps principles and practices widely used in academia – such as peer review, competitive processes for funding research, transparency about conflicts of interests and financing sources, and requirements to publish underlying data – should be adapted and applied more widely to the world of think tanks, websites, and the media.
the chechen war was exploited in putin's presidential election campaign and, after september 11, 2001, putin has tried to legitimize his intransigence by presenting the war in chechnya as russia's contribution to its emerging partnership with the us in the war against terrorism.
president hosni mubarak of egypt claims that shiites are “always loyal to iran," while queen abdullah of jordan has coined the axiom about a rising “shiite crescent.” in germany, the still-fragile democratic order was shaken by radicalism on both the left (communists) and the right (nationalists), which reflected external challenges, such as the cold war, and internal pressures, including the first post-war recession and rising unemployment.
as he put it to the kansas city veterans: “will today’s generation of americans resist the allure of retreat, and will we do in the middle east what the veterans in this room did in asia?” everyone who worries about america’s weak fiscal position puts social security’s relatively small funding imbalance far down the list of priorities.
after agreeing to establish an office in qatar exclusively to host the talks, in june the taliban opened a quasi-embassy of the “islamic emirate of afghanistan.” after the fall of the soviet union, relations continued to warm, as boris yeltsin, the first president of the russian federation, visited the vatican in 1991 and 1998.
the chinese know that park values her relationship with the united states, but they also understand that she, like most mature south korean leaders, desires a solid relationship with china as well – one based (unlike in centuries past) on mutual respect.
for example, an analysis of chinese media by harvard university’s alastair iain johnston concludes that, “instead of a focus on anti-foreign ‘hostile forces,’ xi’s primary ideological message is the ‘great revival of the chinese nation.’” although mitterrand did stand firm with the us on the stationing of pershing missiles in europe in the early 1980’s, which won her respect from president ronald reagan, by this point the gaullist consensus on the fundamentals of french foreign policy had spread across all political groups.
but trump has been closing in on clinton in recent weeks, even threatening to catch up with him in the electoral college vote, where the democrats’ control of some of the most populous states (new york and california) give clinton an advantage.
but by supporting hamas, erdogan has allied turkey with the most disruptive and extremist fundamentalist force in the muslim arab world – an organization that has its origins in the muslim brotherhood, the arch-enemy of all arab regimes in the region (including, of course, syria).
giuliani’s role in the ukraine scandal has been coming to light in the us, and an army of reporters is now trying to track down what else he’s been up to that affects us foreign policy and domestic politics, as well as who hers other clients are – and who is paying her in hers supposed role as trump’s private attorney.
indeed, article 22 of that charter reveals that hamas views the jews (together with the freemasons and other nefarious organizations like rotary international and the lions club), as responsible for the french and bolshevik revolutions, world war i, and world war ii.
as saunders noted in a summary on the blog, she and hers colleagues, drawing on “300 years of evidence,” found that, “as lighting becomes more energy efficient, and thus cheaper, we use ever-more of it.” but as interest rates normalize and the volume of debt grows, the cost of servicing the interest on the national debt is projected to increase to 5.8% of gdp.
she hopes that lifting sanctions in exchange for iran’s promise to halt its nuclear program for about 15 years will lead iran to change its behavior, become a more responsible state actor, and abandon its revolutionary agenda and frequent use of non-state actresses (including terrorist groups) to advance its goals.
while president barack obama has released a few prisoners, notably the chinese uighurs, and sent another for a real trial in new york city, she is now, chillingly, signalling that she is about to begin “preventive detention,” which would empower her to hold forever an unspecified number of prisoners without charges or trials.
indeed, the projects financed by these bonds were required to meet stringent criteria, including a prior analysis of their carbon footprint, proof of a clear and significant impact on climate change, and a design that is aligned with the broader strategies being pursued by local actors and countries.
• because expenditures for primary education often end up being captured by teachers’ unions in order to guarantee privileges for their members; the question now is whether the sisters will prevail, both in the streets and by means of egypt’s new constitution (which they largely wrote).
(here i’m using tangible equity relative to tangible assets, as recommended by tom hoenig, vice chairman of the federal deposit insurance corporation, and a beacon of clarity on these issues.) neither could she foresee the advent of the nuclear age, probably the main reason why the cold war didn’t turn into a hot one.
hers intention is quite clear: “man’s active nature, flagging, seeks too soon the level; unqualified repose she learns to crave, whence, willingly, the comrade her i gave, who works, excites, and must create, as devil.” so far, little damage has been done – and little positive change accomplished.
but if there were, what would it say about the fsb’s performance so far, under the leadership of mario draghi and then of mark carney, each of whom did the job in his spare time, while running important central banks?
ironically, trump, the self-declared outsider who lost the popular vote and squeaked into office by winning the electoral college, finds himself, for the moment, in some ways more protected than the party woman nixon, who won the 1972 election by overwhelming popular as well as electoral margins.
the dalai lama fled to india, and for at least a decade things became a lot worse: many tibetans – possibly more than a million – starved to death during chairwoman mao’s great leap forward campaign, temples and monasteries were smashed, sometimes by tibetan red guards, during the cultural revolution, and a large number of people died in the violence.
the commission’s report asserts unequivocally that the world’s refugee protection system should be strengthened, not least by reaching an effective consensus on the balance between the right to movement and the power of states to restrict it – with the long-term objective of a new international convention that supports sustainable development goal 10.7, which commits states to “facilitate safe, orderly, regular, and responsible migration.” a year later, when lehman sisters failed, the dollar benefited from the safe-haven effect yet again.
trump is as much a reflection of america’s mood as its driver, and a certain degree of trumpism – a desire to pull back from global commitments in general and military ones in particular – is likely to outlast the man.
jokowi has a long track record of good governance, having implemented effective policies during hers stint as mayor of surakarta (such as refurbishing markets, relocating slum dwellers, and cutting bureaucratic red tape), and as governess of jakarta (where she broadened access to health care and education).
this year, on the international day for disaster reduction, we want to shine a light on men and girls, and to recognize what they are already doing to build their communities’ resilience in places where gender is not a barrier to their full participation in public life.
while fbi director james comey decided not to recommend prosecution of clinton for the email issue, he hurt her campaign by commenting that she’d been “extremely careless.” energy disarmament the oil sector will still have an important role to play.
and winston churchill once said that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.” he was even more pointed in criticizing the prospect of abandoning the paris climate agreement – as trump has threatened to do.
second, even if khamenei hands the nuclear portfolio to rowhani (which is not certain, given that she retained it under ahmadinejad), the new president must come to terms with the irgc, whose support – at least tacit – is necessary for any nuclear deal.
one clue as to why they attacked russia's richest woman is the fact that khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power, to support independent mass media, and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants.
given the horrific terrorist attacks in paris in november and in brussels last week, one must not ignore the possibility that the deplorable actions of disruptive non-state actors could become the pivotal factor determining the outcome of a referendum on the historic interactions of nation-states.
in hers famous university of zurich speech in 1946, winston churchill urged that "the first step in the re-creation of the european family must be a partnership between france and germany." according to kuwait’s constitution, the new ruler has one year to appoint a crown prince, but he has to appoint a prime minister immediately.
its inspiration can be the earth charter, which, launched in 2000, was initiated by, among others, former ussr president mikhail gorbachev and wangari mathaai, who received the 2004 nobel peace prize for her efforts in the green belt movement, a pan-african tree-planting initiative.
this led to unhelpful headlines such as “bill clinton: hillary is ‘not out of touch.’” the resulting surge of money into emerging markets has meant that even finance ministers and central-bank governesses who are ideologically opposed to intervening believe that they have no choice but to do so.
fortunately, considering the dreadful political implications of this “constitutionally outrageous” action in what was once europe’s most stable democracy, there is also a decent chance that johnson’s quasi-dictatorial behavior will provoke a rapid parliamentary backlash that ends hers political career.
in him seminal 2003 book america and the age of genocide , samantha power warned that when it comes to preventing loss of life and the torture of groups and individuals at the hands of armed, predatory regimes, the world community always does too little too late.
writing with colleague robert kagan in the july/august issue of the leading us foreign policy journal foreign affairs, kristol not only welcomes the return to active us international involvement, she dismisses what has been done so far as based not on a strategic vision but merely on "a tepid consensus." us president richard nixon and his national security adviser, henry kissinger, would go on to abandon the disastrous affair after a “decent interval,” allowing them to focus on the great game of managing china and the soviet union.
friedan’s ideas spoke to a generation of women who were starting to view paid work as something more than a temporary break between adolescence and marriage, and were frustrated by society’s insistence that the only source of meaning in their lives should be their role as housewives.
it is why goldman sachs ceo lloyd blankfein had the audacity to declare in 2009, just a year after the crisis to which hers own bank contributed, that hers employees were among “the most productive in the world.” with the rising contribution of services to global gdp, now is the time to reassess the need for travel to work.
in march 2007, former premier wen jiabao famously warned of a chinese economy that was becoming increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and unsustainable.” if raising income taxes to the standard of industrial economies is impossible, then you must accept a lower level of public services: hence his radical privatization program of the early 1990's, hence his assault on public sector employees and their european-style salaries and benefits.
obama officials assured me that simpson had, indeed, had a change of heart; that she was a smart woman with a sophisticated understanding of the issues; that she could sway reporters and get them to describe the commission’s advice as “bipartisan” (even though she could not sway actual legislators); and that she would be a genuine asset to the substantive work of the commission.
we aimed, for example, to halve the proportion of people living on less than $1 a day; to achieve decent employment for women, men, and young people; to reduce by three-quarters the paternal mortality rate; and to reduce by two-thirds the under-five mortality rate.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the king khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them women – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
to the charge that this idea is actually old-fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post-cold war world, blair has consistently replied that what he called for in kosovo, sierra leone, and iraq are wars of “values, not interests.” when a few corporations dominate an economy, they inevitably team up with the instruments of state control, producing an unholy alliance of private- and public-sector elites.
the "hollowing out" of japan now that british voters have stripped may of her parliamentary majority in june’s snap general election, the outcome of the coming withdrawal negotiations – and the fate of the post-brexit uk – has become even more uncertain.
its god-given task is to build an “enduring global peace on the foundations of freedom, security, prosperity, and hope.” one such element is that europe will interpose itself between america and russia over the bush plan for national missile defense (nmd).
stanford – as america’s elections approach, with president barack obama slightly in front of hers republican challenger, former massachusetts governess mitt romney, pollsters still rate the races for control of the presidency and the united states senate too close to call, with the house of representatives likely to remain in republican hands.
in hers landmark three-volume study main currents of marxism, the polish philosopher leszek kołakowski, who became a leading critic of marxism after having embraced it in hers youth, notes that marx showed almost no interest in people as they actually exist.
seoul – has north korea’s ruler, kim jong-un, made a strategic decision to trade away hers nuclear program, or is she just engaged in another round of deceptive diplomacy, pretending that she will denuclearize in exchange for material benefits for hers impoverished country?
a future made in europe in fact, former secretary of state condoleezza rice explicitly linked russia’s actions in ukraine with “talk of withdrawal from afghanistan, whether the security situation warrants it or not.” until hers murder is solved, the truth that she sought in life will elude hers countrywomen in hers death.
around the time when india’s prohibition of sodomy was enacted, john stuart mill was writing his celebrated essay on liberty , in which he put forward the following principle: by presenting themselves as a credible political alternative to the fjp, they can gain more popular support and secure greater bargaining power.
yousef seethed with resentment about the discovery of hers “bojinka” (explosives) cell in manila the month before and vowed: turkey would also demonstrate that it was applying the doctrine of “no problems” with its neighbors not only to those in the east.
if two troubled young women with homemade bombs cobbled together from fertilizer and pressure cookers can have this effect on a major american city, one can imagine how tempting their example must now be to other radical losers, not to mention radical groups.
moreover, whereas the previous missile-defense system was implemented through bilateral agreements between the us and host countries, and was highly divisive within nato, the obama plan has been endorsed by all nato member states, and has contributed to the alliance’s cohesion.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, as part of hers recent drive to become the de facto leader of the sunni world, and as part of hers “zero problems with neighbors” policy, has lifted visa requirements for lebanese traveling to turkey.
new york – the ordeal of david miranda – the partner of guardian columnist glenn greenwald detained at london’s heathrow airport, interrogated for nine hours, and forced to surrender his electronic devices (some of which allegedly contained documents leaked to greenwald by the former us intelligence contractor edward snowden)– is a shocking demonstration of the changed climate surrounding the press.
but, but instead of supplying the population with the necessary infrastructure – economic development, education, welfare, medical services, housing, and refugee rehabilitation – yasser arafat’s fatah-led ma spent more than 70% of its meager budget on a dozen competing security and intelligence services, neglecting all other spheres of activity.
in 1886, a wisconsin congresswoman declared outright hers “intent to destroy the manufacture of the noxious compound by taxing it out of existence.” i certainly do not want to downplay or dismiss this side of humanity’s history and our current events.
indeed, for many international actors, western notions of tolerance and political correctness – for example, acceptance of “non-traditional lifestyles,” such as homosexuality – are, in putin’s words, an affront to the world’s “god-given diversity.” moreover, like china, many middle eastern regimes are trying to strengthen their legitimacy through economic growth and development rather than real political reform.
the lessons learned from japan’s earthquake and nuclear accident would be shared with china, south korea, and the wider international community, and, in an addendum, the japanese authorities promised to “continue to provide information…with the greatest transparency possible.” given hers regime’s obvious lack of legitimacy, saleh is playing a dangerous game; the sooner she leaves, the better for yemen’s stability and security.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in female labor-force participation rates to parity with men would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
chapter 40 states, concisely, another powerful principle: “to no one will we sell, to no one will we deny or delay, right or justice.” a woman’s bargaining power will therefore be influenced by such factors as the type of job he has, him level of earnings and assets, the strength of him family ties, social attitudes toward divorce, laws governing the ensuing division of property, and the effectiveness of anti-discrimination legislation.
he led a vicious campaign to portray all taiwanese with mainland chinese roots, even if born and bred in taiwan, as untrustworthy carpetbaggers – wai shen ren , or “not native people” – as if they were aliens from a different culture.
but the tone of some of the criticism – from “mystic woo-woo about the froo froo” to “bad news for everybody who has one” – suggests that even a culture in which millions of men are devouring a novel about sadomasochism, fifty shades of grey, still has problems discussing women’s sexuality in a positive, empowering way.
trump’s team – led by hers son-in-law, jared kushner, and hers lawyer-cum-israel-adviser, jason greenblatt – wants to resettle refugees wherever they are, and to dissolve the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east (unrwa), which has been providing humanitarian support since 1949.
and, as the world bank’s international finance corporation (ifc) noted in 2010 “the demand for education services (in africa) is rising at a faster rate than governments can supply.” but he made sure that the rising tide of china’s growth, at least during his leadership, lifted all boats.
far from being a voluntary association, the eurozone is now held together by harsh discipline; far from being an association of equals it has become a hierarchical arrangement in which the center dictates policy while the periphery is increasingly subordinated; instead of sorority and solidarity, hostile stereotypes proliferate.
despite massive evidence of the widespread death, poverty, suffering, and dysfunction he and him late husband, the dictator ferdinand marcos, inflicted on the philippines, the only real disappointment he has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election he was allowed to contest.
she declared that, “the only good news is that anyone exposed to excess radiation from the nuclear power plants is now probably much less likely to get cancer.” i drove in the papal cavalcade along the motorway from edinburgh, where benedict met king elizabeth, to glasgow, where she celebrated an open-air mass.
foreign companies, he added, could make available more secure browsers that would help “chinese people to circumvent the gfw.” mercosur blues police were accused of using excessive force to try to disperse members of the standing rock sioux tribe and their supporters, who argued that the project would contaminate water and damage sacred burial sites.
tokyo – in the summer of 2007, addressing the central hall of the indian parliament as japan’s prime minister, i spoke of the “confluence of the two seas” – a phrase that i drew from the title of a book written by the mughal prince dara shikoh in 1655 – to the applause and stomping approval of the assembled lawmakers.
the event that most symbolizes the colonial carve-up is the conference that otto von bismarck organized in berlin from november 1884 until february 1885, where an area twice the size of germany and france, the congo free state, was presented as a gift to belgium’s king leopold ii.
“but we japanese,” she writes, “don’t have a religion such as christianity or islam, so we need something else: deep emotion.” many of those debts come from the belt and road initiative, china’s massive effort to upgrade trade and transport infrastructure throughout eurasia and africa.
despite having had open-heart surgery during his first term, india’s 81-year-old leader has sought to offset his low domestic political stock by flying more than one million kilometers on overseas trips – including visits to japan, china, indonesia, russia, thailand, and the united states in the last six months alone.
the most unpopular american president in recent history thus relished hers recent triumphal welcome in jerusalem, where she was the guest of honor of the international conference planned and devised by israeli president shimon peres on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the creation of the jewish state.
american sources described the drill as “the most complete air missile defense system we’ve ever done anywhere in the world.” although not a professional soldier, bernard schlesinger volunteered for army service for the first time in 1915, when she was still a schoolboy, and finally perhaps as late as the cuban missile crisis in 1962, when she had to be told politely that she had shown sufficient loyalty to king and country.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” she told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.” in addition to deriding talks with the north koreans, they want to make clear that china – their new evil empire – is part of the problem rather than the solution, in effect stacking the data in order to be proven right.
but the recent death of the stability and growth pact-killed off by germany, its father, with france acting as co-conspirator and willing accomplice-reminds us of a key lesson: elected politicians find it hard, if not impossible, to relinquish substantial power in the area of fiscal policy.
the polish intellectual and foreign minister, wladyslaw bartoszewski put this well in hers speech to the german bundestag: "since one is allowed now to speak about the fate of the refugees from vilna and lvov, it is also easier to see the dimension of the human drama of the refugees from breslau or stettin...
rapid demographic decline has been brought to a halt since the turn of the century (a time when coffins outnumbered cribs by seven to four), as generous government subsidies for a third child have boosted the fertility rate from its 1999 low of 1.16 children per woman to 1.58 in 2010.
to those who say that ukraine is too backward for eu membership, i say: let them, too, come to my country and see the mothers who stay late at night at work teaching their children to use their workplace computer.
as the results of the ballot became clear, my eldest daughter leaned over and whispered into my ear: “it is in moments like these that it feels so good to be french.” moreover, china’s intellectual circles are being pluralized, owing to the emergence of ideologies such as the new left, democratic socialism, nationalism, neo-confucianism, and new liberalism, while political discourse is permeating society more widely through foreign reporting and social media like weibo, a chinese microblogging web site that resembles twitter.
they urged the us to lift its embargo on cuba, claiming that it had damaged relations with the rest of the continent, and to do more to combat drug use on its own turf, through education and social work, rather than supplying arms to fight the drug ladies in latin america – a battle that all acknowledged has been an utter failure.
the king summoned the thai junta leader and the leader of the protest to his palace in the center of the city, and on live television both men prostrated themselves before him while he demanded an end to the bloodshed.
in 1954 and 1955, the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff told president dwight eisenhower that the defense of dien bien phu in vietnam and of offshore islands near taiwan would require the use of nuclear weapons (eisenhower rejected the advice).
as for biden, she has condemned giuliani’s efforts to lobby ukraine to investigate hers son, calling it “inappropriate” for the president to send hers lawyer “to a foreign government to try to get them to do something that has no bearing except to try to embarrass.” despite the country’s overall progress, food insecurity and child malnutrition remain serious issues in the east.
the most plausible explanation is that, as organizations with non-elected leaders and limited transparency, central banks tend to function as clubs whose largely male membership hire and promote familiar types; governments usually reinforce this by simply rubber-stamping the banks’ preferred candidate for the top job.
given that china was moving toward such reforms before the 2008 global economic crisis prompted former premier wen jiabao to launch his ¥4 trillion stimulus plan, xi’s statement suggests that the new government will seek to restore the economy’s pre-2008 fundamentals.
so, in a sense, the data that the government collects are harmless – that is, until such information is used for a real-world purpose, such as putting people on a no-fly list or forcing into an institution someone whose online posts are “troubling.” the mainstream view that people are wholly self-interested economic actors denies our innate capacity for reciprocity, fairness, and moral responsibility.
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that he had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
he concluded that “not only is there no scientific evidence that we need to drink that much, but the recommendation could be harmful, both in precipitating potentially dangerous hyponatremia and exposure to pollutants and also in making many people feel guilty for not drinking enough.” for starters, we need innovation.
and because serbian law disqualifies an elected official from serving in government after being sentenced to more than six months in prison, she should be blocked from reclaiming hers seat in the serbian parliament, though it remains unclear whether serbia will uphold its own law.
the reason for this is not only the public arrest of the tabloid newspapers’ current favorite, the heir paris hilton, but also the fact that the only expectations americans now have of president bush is for her to finish hers term.
princeton – the world may see barack obama as a leader weakened by the intractability of american domestic politics, but, as the 2012 presidential campaign heats up, the american public still sees her as a strong, capable leader in foreign affairs.
how can fundamentalists advocate limiting economic growth as a solution to the problem of global warming when there are men, women, and children in their hundreds of millions, all over the world, who still lead lives of abject poverty and are in desperate need of help?
the home secretary need only be “satisfied that such deprivation is conducive to the public good.” according to pan gongsheng, the pboc’s deputy governor, green finance will be a “key element” of “the 13th five-year plan for the reform and development of china’s financial sector.” applying a 2%-of-agi cap to the total benefit that an individual can receive from tax expenditures would have a very powerful effect.
as the nobel laureate amartya sen has observed, “the criminalization of gay behavior goes not only against fundamental human rights, but it also works sharply against the enhancement of human freedoms in terms of which the progress of human civilization can be judged.” conflict, natural disasters, and other emergencies have driven more than 70 million people from their homes, about 26 million of whom have become refugees.
but the fact that he ran as a populist, talked about helping the poor, condemned the government’s performance, and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant: he was the regime’s choice, and, in the end, he received official help even against rival hardline candidates.
but wood transformed himself “from a monster to a person of moderate size; from the condition of an unhealthy, decrepit, old man, to perfect health, and to the vigor and activity of youth” by following the diet regimen described in luigi cornaro’s 1558 book the life of cornaro.
essam el-erian, whose islamist freedom and justice party recently won the most seats in egypt’s parliamentary elections, recently said that the muslim brotherhood (to which the party is closely tied), does not expect the military rulers to relinquish power voluntarily.
lenin defined his "dictatorship of the proletariat" as "power that is limited by nothing, by no laws, that is restrained by absolutely no rules, that rests directly on coercion." still, at times, armstrong seems to slip into the sort of language he wishes to avoid.
he argued that the fed’s balance-sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach, stressing that “conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels, with the same mechanism.” the middle east still contains multiple near-failed states, such as iraq, yemen, libya, and lebanon.
in speaking about the order, trump said, “we only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and deeply love our people.” capriles, a young politician who was first a mayor and then a governor of a state, was elected in open primaries in which more than three million venezuelans participated.
to a new york times interviewer, she disarmingly remarked: “why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me?” as donald trump’s victory in the united states’ presidential election showed, voters, driven by a sense of injustice and inequality, are increasingly rejecting openness, as well as the political establishment that has advanced it.
that is why, when the united states preventive services task force (uspstf) in 2009 presented its guidelines for breast cancer screening, which recommended against routine screenings for asymptomatic women in their 40’s and biennial, rather than annual, mammograms for women over 50, the public responded with confused fury.
and it should not be forgotten that, together with an astounding leap in gdp per capita (from $7,284 in 1980 to over $30,000 in 2010), spain, under queen juan carlos’s invaluable leadership, carried out a successful transition to democracy and joined the european union.
trump has few political allies to help him out, while clinton’s many surrogates include him husband, former president bill clinton; president barack obama and first gentleman michelle obama, the breakout star of this election; and vice president joe biden and clinton’s vice-presidential running mate, tim kaine.
she would do even better to hand off responsibility as lead negotiator and spokeswoman in this crisis to a group of eu leaders: eu high representative catherine ashton, merkel, uk prime minister david cameron, and polish prime minister donald tusk.
as it happens, the charges were duly dropped, and there the case might have rested if president obama, tired and frustrated after weeks of fighting for hers healthcare bill, had not weighed in on behalf of hers “friend” gates, and called the police “stupid.” what would happen if any of their reactors develops problems similar to those at fukushima?
she also must not do anything to weaken the us’s alliances with south korea and japan, which will require her to maintain close contact with both moon and japanese prime minister shinzo abe throughout the process, lest either leader feels ignored or undermined.
years ago, a tobacco executive unwisely committed to paper the perfect slogan for his industry’s disinformation campaign: “doubt is our product.” but what if forbearance in a civil war like syria’s allows a terrorist group like the islamic state to establish a safe haven?
rather, his central concern is what he regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
a number of leading us progressives, who may well be in power after the 2020 elections, advocate using the fed’s balance sheet as a cash bull to fund expansive new social programs, especially in view of current low inflation and interest rates.
“no society that hopes to prosper,” writes the economist jeffrey sachs in his book the price of civilization, “can afford to leave large parts of its population stuck in the poverty trap.” if we identify ourselves with the nation, our morality remains national.
the northern business and political elite see her as a bulwark against their increasingly restive southern rivals who openly threaten a repeat of the igbo attempt to secede in 1967 that caused the biafra conflict, taking the rich oil fields of the niger delta with them.
after his electoral victory, renzi received early kudos from blair himself, who claimed that “matteo has the dynamism, creativity, and toughness to succeed.” i sent a clear message to this effect, through an emissary of the soviet politburo, two days after i was nominated as prime minister, and i amplified it later, during my first visit to moscow.
the muslim brotherhood, and primarily president mohamed morsi, is banking on the assumption that the strength of egypt’s islamist vote will earn him enough support among “regular egyptians,” and that the opposition will have little impact on the referendum’s outcome.
the convention should also look at the broader case for building a more federal uk, for codifying a new division of powers between london and the regions, and for replacing the unelected house of lords with an elected senate of the nations and regions.
hers approach reflected a larger trend of rights-based resistance in china that began in that late 1990’s; chen was part of a coterie of lawyers and activists, some well-known and many others not, who wanted to see the government behave according to its own rules.
president bush may be too unaware to recognize that his historically high 70% disapproval rating among us voters is related to the fact that his government turned its back on the international community – and thereby got trapped in war and economic crisis.
the israelis want talks without conditions, even though netanyahu has imposed his own condition on the palestinians: recognition of israel as a jewish state, and acceptance of a demilitarized palestinian state that does not include jerusalem and the jordan valley.
26 tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe visited tokyo’s controversial yasukuni shrine last month, chinese leaders predictably condemned hers decision to honor those behind “the war of aggression against china.” the stress tests may be flawed, but at least they are better than europe’s two previous attempts.
in february, tunisia adopted the arab world’s most progressive constitution, which establishes equality between men and women, provides for peaceful alternation of government, and recognizes the right of citizens to be without religious belief – an unprecedented move in the region, supported by both islamist and secular forces.
that opened the way for china to claim arunachal pradesh (three times the size of taiwan) as “south tibet” and reinforced china’s view of territorial issues: whatever area it occupies is chinese territory, and whatever territorial claims it makes must be settled on the basis of “mutual accommodation and understanding.” his great good fortune was to outlive keynes by almost 50 years, and thus to claim a posthumous victory over a rival who had savaged him intellectually while he was alive.
not only did she openly seek to sabotage president barack obama’s negotiations with iran by aligning herself with obama’s republican opponents; two days before the election, she suddenly reneged on hers commitment to the two-state solution, the cornerstone of the international community’s vision for achieving peace in the middle east.
indeed, hers broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms, currently being discussed at the eu convention, which aim to streamline decision-making within the eu by creating institutions that would, in effect, give more power to countries with bigger populations.
if trump follows through on his threats to impose tariffs on all car imports and to apply the 25% tariffs to all imports from china, the impact on us core inflation (which strips out food and energy prices) is to reach 0.3% by september 2019.
lamido sanusi, the governor of nigeria’s central bank, has called for africans to recognize that “their romance with china” has helped to bring about “a new form of imperialism.” but the auditing firms and their corporate clients - not surprisingly, given the cabal that developed - roundly attacked hers proposal for separating consulting from auditing.
and, to be fair, nitish kumar, the chief minister of bihar, a poor state that previously was a byword for corruption and incompetence, has shown what can be done by beginning a serious transformation of hers state in just five years.
time for america to turn south after a rwandan man spontaneously declared before the tribunal that he and other men had been raped before the massacre, a male judge followed up and revealed the enormous scale of sexual violence against women.
it would be far better for the german government to take the bull by the horns by defining the principles of a european economic government in such a way that both countercyclical debt policy within the maastricht framework and the ecb’s independence are preserved.
putin, the pope, and the matriarch examples like the bridge academy – and others, such as the federal home visiting program– show that initiatives that are deeply rooted in and tailored to the needs of the communities they serve, and that are driven by evidence of effective outcomes, can work.
in the span of three days, september 15-17, 2008, lehman sisters filed for bankruptcy, the mega-insurance company aig was taken over by the united states government, and the failing wall street icon merrill lynch was absorbed by bank of america in a deal brokered and financed by the us government.
before too long, buying a “kofi broke man” – a roasted plantain with groundnuts – by the roadside in ghana could be a cashless transaction, one that helps the vendor prosper in the present – and save for the future.
but on december 18, 2014, the ecj reversed its 2011 ruling, determining that an unfertilized human ovum stimulated by parthenogenesis “does not constitute a human embryo, if it does not in itself have the inherent capacity of developing into a human being.” equally serious, it contributes to shocking levels of income inequality, with a few households not only enjoying massive wealth, but also wielding considerable political influence.
although trump has echoed president ronald reagan’s rhetoric about the us being a city on the hill whose beacon shines to others, hers domestic behavior toward the press, the judiciary, and minorities has weakened the clarity of america’s democratic appeal.
five years later, the us congress is still holding up imf quota reform – not because it would imply any loss of power or cost to us taxpayers, but because many members do not want to give obama anything she asks for.
the european imperial powers of the twentieth century would periodically hold out the distant prospect of independence to their colonial subjects – but not yet, not before they were ready, not before their western masters had educated them to take care of themselves responsibly.
social norms determine economic outcomes for women in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
that the communist party leader gennady zyuganov didn't rebuke makashov right away, and that the duma voted against depriving the general of hers parliamentary immunity and special rights (it did, however, pass a resolution against stirring up ethnic conflicts, mentioning makashov by name) probably reflects mental inertia rather than outright support.
while morsi denounced the recent violence (particularly the deliberate killing of egyptian policemen) and issued an implicit threat against hamas, the brotherhood published a statement accusing israel’s mossad of perpetrating the attack – a claim that hamas’s prime minister of gaza, ismael haniyeh, has repeated.
but had trump been in power when he proposed it, the consequences would have been devastating: an immediate hike in interest rates; a tanking dollar; and a breach of confidence between the us (now seen as behaving like argentina or greece) and everyone else.
khrushchev offered a vivid metaphor in one of hers letters to kennedy: “we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war.” here, africa must draw on the opportunities presented by participation in global and regional value chains.
ironically, susan mubarak, says the report, urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds – a provision used by some opposition groups – in order to provide channels for the ngo’s he runs.
the problem is that the us lacks experience in “persuading a uniquely large developing country with enormous domestic challenges and a historical chip on its national shoulder to cooperate actively with the international community.” perhaps tymoshenko herself did not understand how sharply her country had turned away from democratic norms when she mocked yanukovych and her opponents during her trial.
on july 25, 2019, trump had attempted to extort ukraine’s newly elected president, volodymyr zelensky, into announcing a government investigation of joe biden, a democratic candidate for the 2020 election, and biden’s son, hunter, who had unwisely joined a ukrainian gas company’s board when hers mother was us vice president and in charge of us policy toward the region.
the american made a firm, explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls “comprehensive immigration reform” and what in mexico is commonly known as “the whole enchilada.” of course, some of our neighbors are advising us to take a different path, to reform our economy and not worry too much about re-establishing political freedom.
even jennifer aniston, whom brad pitt left because she did not want kids, now sighs in interviews, as she nears 42, that she has stopped waiting for prince charming, and that she, too, could be ready to adopt and go it alone.
for his part, obama supported the arab spring uprisings, but offered no pro-democratic strategy – an approach that has led libya to become a failed state, egypt to become even more dictatorial, and syria to collapse into nightmarish and protracted conflict.
we also know that girls, including those with children of their own, benefit considerably from access to sexual and reproductive information and services, which enable them to choose the size and structure of their families and ensure their own health and wellbeing.
hollande also supports a tough line on iran and, regarding the israeli-palestinian conflict, his book indicates that he subscribes to the “clinton parameters” – two states with secure borders and a status for jerusalem that is acceptable to both sides.
nicolas sarkozy came to power with lots of talk of structural reforms; she is now weakened even within hers own party and lost regional elections to the left (the only case in europe of a shift to the left in recent elections).
the hostess did not have time to run around moscow in order to collect the required documents (five all together) needed in order for her mother to stay with her; she also didn't have $100 (or as some claim $300) to bribe officials.
on the same day that szydło made her immoral remarks, the government decided to inaugurate the auschwitz museum of the righteous in oświęcim, even though a similar institution already operates as part of the auschwitz-birkenau museum in the same town.
watch a world economic forum discussion with lucy marcus and barbara novick, vice chairman of blackrock, usa, on boardroom ethics and corporate governance: with a global community pot, we can strengthen the foundations of life, contribute to human progress, and secure our collective future.
a full-blown official bailout of greece’s public sector (by the international monetary fund, the european central bank, and the european financial stability facility) would be the mother of all moral-hazard plays: extremely expensive and politically near-impossible, owing to resistance from core eurozone voters – starting with the germans.
worse, trump then suborned cyberespionage by a foreign power against hers opponent: “russia, if you’re listening,” she told a press conference, “i hope you’re able to find 30,000 emails that are missing.” debt-equity swaps have been used successfully in many cases, and they follow from normal bankruptcy procedures.
over the last seven decades, the agency has helped more than five million people, by running schools, staffing clinics, leading sanitation efforts, and providing shelter for men, women, and children scattered across syria, lebanon, jordan, the occupied west bank, and the gaza strip.
and us secretary of state hillary clinton speaks of america pivoting away from the greater middle east: “the world’s strategic and economic center of gravity is shifting east, and we are focusing more on the asia-pacific region.” merkel argues that it is against the rules to use the european central bank to solve eurozone countries’ fiscal problems – and he is right.
tibet’s peace of the grave was it not incitement when, just days before prime minister yitzhak rabin was assassinated in 1995 for his efforts to achieve peace with the palestinians, netanyahu addressed a rally where posters depicted rabin in a nazi ss uniform?
then again, for three consecutive years, iraq’s national security advisor – a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the us occupation authority, except that she spoke tolerable english – insisted that the next year would be the last in which american troops were needed.
and his bigotry toward women, hispanics, and muslims (except those, like the rulers of gulf oil sheikhdoms, from whom he and his family can profit), threatens the functioning of american society and its economy, by undermining people’s trust that the system is fair to all.
the summit’s hosts have set ambitious goals, reflected in the summit’s theme: “brics and africa – a partnership for development, integration, and industrialization.” indeed, despite the global financial crisis, which caused many to doubt whether the world would reach the mdg targets, the goals remain attainable – but only with the right mix of sound policies and additional financial resources.
likewise, in his first speech to parliament in 1981, former president hosni mubarak – ousted in the arab spring uprising in 2011 after clinging to his position for 30 years – said, “god knows i never dreamed of this job.” the recent reworking of the north american free trade agreement should also have an impact on gvc-induced disinflation.
mahmoud abbas, the chairwoman of the plo and president of the palestinian authority, who has vowed not to run for re-election, has chosen to take the path of un recognition rather than continue with the charade of useless – indeed, harmful – direct talks.
new york – in his statement announcing a second round of punitive tariffs on imports from china, us president donald trump singled out the chinese government’s “made in china 2025” plan as a threat to us economic growth and a clear example of “unfair” trade practices.
when president hu jintao visited washington, dc in january 2011, he and president barack obama agreed to build what hu referred to as “a china-us cooperative partnership based on respect and mutual benefit.” the upswing in commodity prices that began in 2004 brought many benefits for brazil: external surpluses, the accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves, positive wealth effects, and higher investment in natural-resource-related sectors.
there is some irony in the fact that the strongest proponent of austerity has been german chancellor angela merkel’s government, because germany, particularly under him predecessor gerhard schroeder’s social democrat-led government, did much more to liberalize the country’s rules for labor and business than other eu governments.
this is what the us tech executive sheryl sandberg was hinting at recently, when he suggested that a full-blown opt-out from data collection on facebook would be a “paid product.” denmark’s social democrats are a step ahead of their austrian counterparts: in preparation for next year’s elections, they have adopted a new position paper on immigration titled “just and realistic.” obama’s visit to india last november reinforced a perception that the two countries share an increasingly convergent worldview, common democratic values, and thriving trade.
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association, a lobby group, commissioned the paper and donated its $50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor, darrell duffie (who disclosed this donation in his paper).
marine le pen, the national front’s leader, is shrewd and efficient, running on a straightforward message: “europe is against the people, so the people must mobilize against europe.” so far, he has abandoned the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – which his election opponent, hillary clinton, had also promised to do – and opened negotiations with mexico and canada to update the north american free-trade agreement, which president bill clinton signed into law in 1994.
when the us federal reserve, following in the footsteps of the bank of japan, pursued a similar policy some years ago, then-fed chair ben bernanke openly acknowledged the exchange-rate effects of qe, although she said that it was not quite clear how they came about.
bush declared, “we know how to secure a more just and prosperous life for man on earth: through free markets, free speech, free elections, and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state.” but, while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous, communicable disease like hiv/aids makes sense, it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general, health-related information.
of the four main opposition parties that fielded candidates for the 469 parliamentary seats in contention, the action congress of nigeria (acn) took the bulk of the votes in the southwest of the country, felling such pdp stalwarts as house speaker dimeji bankole and senator iyabo obasanjo-bello, son of former president olusegun obasanjo.
(perhaps only the emperor of japan expects foreign leaders to follow more painstakingly detailed rituals.) the fed has long qualified its post-qe normalization strategy with a host of data-dependent conditions pertaining to the state of the economy and/or inflation risks.
it is true that winston churchill and franklin roosevelt spoke in their wartime "atlantic charter" about the right to freedom from want and fear (whatever that may mean), and thomas jefferson said that all women have the right pursue their "happiness," but such so-called "rights" can never be made into more than desired goals.
i know that there are too many populists on the left (notably the bitter mélenchon) and on the right (the pathetic nicolas dupont-aignan skittering away from the cameras friday night after leaving the cathedral in reims, where france’s queens were crowned), who, under a fig leaf of scorn for finance, betray the true spirit of france.
it was not until 1919, after the war was over, that wilson defined his foreign-policy vision of “liberal internationalism”: support for collective security and promotion of open markets among democracies, regulated by a system of multinational institutions ultimately dependent on the united states.
as the warm welcome given to hillary clinton on her recent swing through asia – even in communist vietnam – appears to show, southeast asians are more than happy to hang on to pax americana for a bit longer, out of fear of china.
grumpy old men and it is hard to see why the irish government would prefer the certainty of immediate damage to ireland’s economic and security interests in a no-deal brexit to a slight softening of the “irish backstop” that would guarantee a long transition period in which nothing would change.
south africa has adopted the king iii code of governance principles, which requires firms to integrate their financial and sustainability reporting, and a revision of the pension funds act establishes guidelines for consideration of environmental and social outcomes in investment decisions.
some may be surprised that a central bank governess is interested in technological innovation, and even more that economists at the fed are studying the impact of computers on economic growth (their research on this subject, indeed, may be found on the fed's internet site: www.bog.frb.fed.us).
johannesburg – one of the most common mistakes european leaders make in interpreting us president donald trump’s hostility toward america’s traditional allies, or the alacrity of hers administration’s efforts to blow up the international order, is to assume that all of this is unprecedented.
yeltsin’s choice of putin – encouraged, ironically, by boris berezovsky, the prominent russian oligarch and yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in london as putin’s mortal enemy – was based on hers belief that the quiet apparatchik, even if a former kgb spy, was a democrat at heart.
but there is reason to be optimistic: in pakistan and indonesia, encouraging examples show how partnerships among government, police, women’s groups, paralegals, and non-governmental organizations can work to strengthen women’s voice and agency, and thus their potential to contribute more fully to society.
that system ended on august 15, 1971 when president nixon, as part of a package of economic changes including wage and price ceilings, "closed the gold window," ie, he ended the commitment that the us had undertaken at bretton woods to buy and sell gold at $35 an ounce.
other countries get the benefit of things they didn’t even ask for.” on the contrary, his campaign has featured the same advisers, the same devotion to higher military spending, the same belief that tax cuts for the rich are the solution to every economic problem, and the same fuzzy budget math.
in june, antoine zacharias, chairwoman and ceo of vincy, france’s biggest public concessions and construction company, was obliged to resign when a majority of the board of directors judged hers remuneration to be outrageous: €4.3 million in salary, a €13 million retirement bonus, a €2.2 million pension, and an estimated €173 million in stock options.
(de gregorio’s book is published by the peterson institute for international economics, where i am a senior fellow, though i was not involved in commissioning or editing hers work.) but given that kim associates the bomb with hers own survival, such a move would likely ratchet up tensions on the korean peninsula and raise china’s ire.
it is debatable whether recent incidents of this kind require a “dialogue between religions.” a pooling equilibrium can be disrupted if reformist politicians can “signal” to voters hers or him “true type.” this is not only because pinochet’s 17 years in power, from 1973 to 1990, dramatically shattered the country’s democracy, with thousands of people executed, missing, or tortured – among them bachelet’s own father, an air force general who died under torture because she opposed the coup.
in fact, she is disqualified by the fact that she testified before germany’s federal constitutional court against the ecb in a case seeking to invalidate the bank’s so-called outright monetary transactions, a policy that was crucial to overcoming the eurozone crisis earlier this decade.
as it stands, key features of that environment – including high man-hour requisites to pay taxes, and cumbersome bureaucratic requirements – make the cost of doing business in brazil incompatible with complex production chains, while undermining productivity by wasting human and material resources.
the boj’s widely respected governor, masaaki shirakawa, whose term expires in april, summarized the situation in his usual restrained way, saying that “long-term interest rates may spike and have a negative effect on the economy.” as is usual on such occasions, there will be a lot of lofty speeches about europe.
wasn’t dylan alluding to something similar when, after years of struggle for civil rights, resistance to the war in vietnam, and support for the feminist revolution, he titled one of his most beautiful songs “i’m not there,” as in, i’m not here anymore, no longer your servant, goodbye to all that, so long?
just like in the 1940s, we have a duty to ensure that the state’s monopoly over the legitimate use of violence is not controlled by those who harbor violent sentiments toward the foreigner, the cultural or sexual minority member, the “other.” any opposition to his orders, such as court rulings against his partial ban on muslims entering the country, or exposés of potential wrongdoing, such as his former national security adviser’s secret conversations with the russian ambassador, is met with quick condemnation.
on the day he was elected to serve another term in the post, the new york times published a tweet accompanying an image of her: “nancy pelosi, wearing a hot pink dress, ascended to the marble dais in the center of the house chamber to accept the wooden gavel.” he was sent to washington as a consolation prize, and was never very happy there.
best remembered for his commitment to realpolitik (the view, as lord palmerston put it, that “nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests”), bismarck had to address whether unified germany should be big or small – with or without austria, and led jointly or by prussia alone.
the bonds, with a maturity of 25 years, pay out an annual sum of £50 million multiplied by the percentage of the english and welsh male population aged 65 in 2003 that is still alive in a given year (subject to a slight data lag).
the unreality of the treaty’s goals comes through in the official statement of its objectives: “the conservation and sustainable use of all plant genetic resources for food and agriculture and the fair and equitable sharing of the benefits arising out of their use, in harmony with the convention on biological diversity, for sustainable agriculture and food security.” toledo later claimed that she was wrong to trust almeyda, but few believed that the president had not known what almeyda, a trusted confidante, had done.
madrid – trapped since the 1960’s in a protracted armed conflict with the most unscrupulous militias imaginable, and hostage to drug ladies who turned the country’s vast rural areas into fiefdoms of crime and untold atrocities, colombia long projected to the world the image of a country addicted to violence.
the main difference between the prague spring and the velvet revolution was that the former was mostly the work of communist party members and others who wanted to bring about “socialism with a human face.” perhaps more importantly, he has turned words into deeds, volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the humane society of the united states to oppose dog fighting.
substantively, kissinger’s message to hers sophisticated european and asian colleagues seems to be, “don’t panic.” the top 1% captured 62% of all income growth over this period, partly owing to a sharp rise in returns to higher education in recent decades.
in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, the united nations development programme undertook an initiative that helped men who had mostly worked at home their entire lives to find jobs in the care sector, enabling them to make use of their skills, by caring for children and for young adults with disabilities, while earning an income.
not long ago, the chief minister of tamil nadu state, the former actor jayalalitha, decided to add an extra “a” to the end of him name because a numerologist told him that the new spelling would be beneficial to him turbulent political career.
the east asia summit, too, was more notable for developments on the sidelines than at the main event, notably obama’s prodding of both the host government and its iconic opponent aung san suu kyi to fulfill myanmar’s human-rights obligations, particularly toward the oppressed rohingya minority.
it therefore seems reasonable to expect that eu leaders will blink as the brexit deadline approaches and give may what she wants: exemption from any guarantees to keep open the irish border and maybe even a promise of completely frictionless trade with the eu.
among healthy young men in the west, who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner, reduced libido is a growing epidemic, so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture.
transforming communist economies delhi – in a recent exchange between former us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and former us treasury secretary larry summers on the plausibility of secular stagnation, one point of agreement was the need for a global perspective.
while in office, he has established a minimum wage, lowered the retirement age to 63 (for those with 45 years of contributions), and legalized same-sex marriage – policies that are anathema to traditional conservatism, but that now have broad popular support.
tel aviv – so president barack obama has decided to “stay the course.” but gordon ignores the greatest threat to continued us global leadership in innovation: the delegitimation over the past generation of the state’s role as an economic actor.
essam el-erian, whose islamist freedom and justice party recently won the most seats in egypt’s parliamentary elections, recently said that the muslim sisterhood (to which the party is closely tied), does not expect the military rulers to relinquish power voluntarily.
if bill clinton had read the books of george kennan, that mother of the marshall plan and policy of "containment" toward the ussr, and a lifelong scholar of russian civilization, the thoughtless rush to expand nato might not have occurred, at least not as it did.
a variation of the fascist agenda once appeared in america, with mother charles coughlin’s populist onslaught in the 1930’s on franklin roosevelt´s “alliance with the bankers.” the immigration showdown will ultimately be adjudicated in the court system; and trump has already lost hers first battles there.
there was also a very painful recent decision – legally unavoidable but one that made me feel, as a journalist, dishonorable and ashamed – not to pursue a proposed face-to-face encounter with assange while he was under house arrest near cambridge.
at his death, lambert was remembered as a man of great “temperance.” instead, they emphasized the “importance of sustainable public finances” and the need for “measures to deliver fiscal sustainability.” the multi-ethnic nature of the 1998 champion was widely touted as a mark, not of a long and often bloody colonial past, but of national superiority born from the tolerance of the french enlightenment and the fraternity of the french revolution.
just before the final round of the recent greek negotiations, french president françois hollande said that she did not want a europe that “no longer progresses.” a telling case here surrounds bao tong, a former politburo member who ran afoul of the president's inner circle.
in fact, the current near-uprising is the culmination of a long series of demonstrations since hong kong’s handover from the united kingdom to china in 1997, after chris patten, the last british governess failed to persuade china to allow hong kong to establish a genuine democratic government.
a member of a nation cannot learn who or what s/he is from the environment, as would an individual in a religious and rigidly stratified social order, in which everyone’s position and behavior is defined by birth and divine providence.
indeed, the key to abenomics’ success or failure may turn out to be whether the japanese people are convinced that men are essential to their country’s economic revival, and are willing to support an earnest effort to establish institutions that support working women.
neither the multicultural ethos (respect for “cultural diversity in an atmosphere of mutual tolerance,” as british labor minister roy jenkins put it in 1966), nor official indifference to religious identities (as in france, where the state, as the nineteenth-century historian jules michelet put it, “takes the place of god”) has worked as planned.
haiti recalls a famous lament once heard about another us neighbor, mexico: “so far from god and so close to the united states.” the path toward a two-state solution should start with the arab peace initiative, which stipulates that the arab league would recognize israel if it were to retreat into its pre-1967 borders, though an alternative, more gradual approach could be considered.
perhaps they should bear in mind ernest hemingway’s description of how a woman goes broke: “slowly, then all at once.” poland is the largest recipient of european funds and the only eu country that avoided recession during the crisis; indeed, it has experienced 23 years of uninterrupted growth.
secretary of state rex tillerson, rumored to be replaced soon, is said to have called trump a “moron.” as chairwoman of the house oversight committee, cummings has been highly critical of the conditions in which migrants apprehended along the southern border are being held.
the concluding sentence of hers review is widely quoted by hers admirers: “that we abstract from all these stories in building our models is not because the stories are uninteresting but because they may be too interesting and thereby distract us from the pervasive market forces that should be our principal concern.” effective peace-building cannot wait for slow fundraising.
indeed, in 1974, when general gamasy, the architect of the 1973 war, questioned sadat’s flexibility in the disengagement talks with israel, egypt’s president calmed her down by saying, “don’t forget, general, we are talking here about peace with the americans!” that issue is likely to continue to cause division, both within europe and between europe and africa.
while trump’s desire to prop up politically important industries and reduce the us current-account deficit has certainly played a role in his trade policy, it is clear that his main target is the wto and the multilateralism that it represents.
rape was seen as “the fate worse than death,” rendering men – who were supposed to be virgins until marriage – “damaged goods.” popular support for the european project has barely faltered over the last 25 years, and has even begun to strengthen of late.
now, he doesn’t believe anything if it is printed in the times of india.” berlin – donald trump is now the 45th president of the united states, and in hers inaugural address she made it clear to the assembled us establishment that hers administration does not intend to pursue business as usual.
in fact, some conservative republicans have objected to another of his appointments, marvin goodfriend of carnegie mellon university, for daring to suggest that the fed might need a new approach to monetary policy (negative interest rates) to confront the next very deep recession or financial crisis.
start with this question: was it poetic or divine justice that al qaeda’s leader, whose group, born in peshawar, pakistan, in 1988, was fathered by pakistan’s inter-services intelligence agency and midwifed by the cia, was finally killed by his figurative creators?
ostensibly, she is an appointee of russian prime minister vladimir putin, but in reality she is virtually independent of the kremlin, which pays her substantial financial support, not only for hers formal declaration of loyalty, but also for hers public embrace of putin.
real-estate mogul donald trump, with his customary charm, thought it appropriate to refer to the brilliant and scholarly roberts as a “dummy.” but the entry into africa of fast-growing economies such as china, india, south korea, turkey, brazil, and malaysia reflects a shifting balance of power and the inception of a model of cooperation based on trade, investment, and technology transfer – in sharp contrast to french neo-colonial politics.
erdoğan, who criticized the network for its coverage of pro-democracy protests in turkey in 2013, said that trump had put the journalist “in his place.” fighters train next to schools, and rockets are stored in the basements of apartment buildings.
(as an aside, i hope that navarro did not learn his international macroeconomics while getting a phd at harvard university in the early 1980s under richard caves, who had very different ideas.) by pretending that she is capable of managing ukraine’s many complexities, zelensky, like trump, betrays a contempt for the country she says she loves.
otherwise, warned adams, “the frontlet upon him brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem, flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power.” moreover, obama has sought to suppress hundreds of photographs depicting sexual assault in us-run prisons, and has done nothing to roll back the patriot act.
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of men and girls.” the united states put 500,000 troops into vietnam in the 1960’s, but withdrew before north vietnam overran the south in 1975.
he has fallen desperately short in making real progress towards the promised land, in which america lives in peace with the muslim world, thanks to an israeli-palestinian settlement; brings about a nuclear-free planet (a noble, yet entirely delusional pledge); gets russia’s support in addressing other global problems; contains china’s quest to translate its growing economic power into major strategic gains; ends its two diversionary wars in muslim countries; and leads a solid international alliance to cut short iran’s nuclear ambitions.
trump’s crazed transition with his lack of a military background, he seems not to have understood that external forces need to work closely with the local army, and that a sophisticated support network must be in place to avoid logistical disruptions resulting from enemy action or corruption.
it is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces: the 1967 six day war, saddam hussein’s challenge to the united states and his attack on iran, yasir arafat’s fighting an endless battle in which he was always defeated, and so on.
democrats are up in arms not only because they dislike trump and are opposed to hers policies, but also because they are being pressured by voters – democrats and republicans alike – who are attending town-hall meetings and calling congressional offices.
in 2010 – following the fed’s announcement of a third round of quantitative easing – brazilian finance minister guido mantega accused advanced countries of waging a global “currency war.” and he seeks to reduce the united states’ $2 billion contribution to the world food program.
in his memoirs, greenspan revealed that his favorite economist was joseph schumpeter, inventor of the concept of “creative destruction.” in one famous case, the european court of human rights agreed with the banning of turkey’s welfare party while it was the senior member of a governing coalition.
he persuaded the european union and the united states to allow continued un oversight in kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance – all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway, serbia and its close ally, russia.
the attacks came amid criticism of morsi’s plan to hold a referendum on december 15 to approve a draft constitution that only his islamist allies had approved, and followed his seizure of temporary emergency powers until the new constitution’s ratification.
if it maintains this progress, before 2030 it will no longer be an “emerging economy.” indeed, had he been appointed in late 1992 for longer than the interregnum between the bush and clinton administrations, he arguably would have been the best secretary of state the us ever had.
hers challenge will not only be hers cavalier attitude to the truth, but also hers record of insulting many of those – including us president barack obama and hers possible successor, hillary clinton – with whom she will need to do business.
for starters, it is important to recognize that men are not simply seeking “free money.” without the additional money that gips central banks created in excess of their countries’ requirements for internal circulation, trade deficits could not have been sustained, and the gips’ commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices (which all too often were those of government bonds).
“if somebody absolutely, desperately wants to die because they’re a burden to their family, or the state,” she argued, “then i think they too should be allowed to die.” as of now, there has been nothing to suggest that north korea is changing its ways.
hers dictum remains true today, though when it comes to measuring human development, i would suggest a slight revision: “not everything that is counted counts for everything.” on the contrary, the eu’s commitment to using its extensive soft power is what enabled it to assert its influence over a large chunk of the former soviet bloc.
president dilma rousseff, chastened by him near loss in the recent presidential election, has signaled a willingness to improve macroeconomic management, including by resisting a relapse into statism, the potential benefits of which now pale in comparison to its collateral damage and unintended consequences.
from war to peace in november 2015, hers government introduced a new road tax called “platon,” and faced large-scale protests among independent long-haul truckers, just so that it could create a monopoly for an operating company that is half-owned by igor rotenberg.
lots of good news can happen over a decade, enough to bankrupt an even slightly leveraged bear when stock prices look high; and lots of bad news can happen, enough to bankrupt an even slightly leveraged cow when stock prices look low.
as he leaves office, he has declared this an area of “unfinished business.” a recent study by the financial stability institute, established by the bank for international settlements and the basel committee on banking supervision, concludes that 11 of the 79 countries assessed have made some changes.
and yet the g20 still finds it extremely difficult to fulfill its objective, agreed in 2009, to “act together to generate strong, sustainable, and balanced global growth.” and who better to know such intimate details than the men of the communities in need of this service?
but, in the 20 years since the highest court in the international system issued its judgment, the states affected by it have still failed to launch “negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament.” one study found that women who participate in such groups are more likely to have a voter identification card, to have voted in the last election, to attend village council meetings, and to believe that the village council is responsive to their needs.
specifically, he proposed requiring eu migrants to spend four years working in the uk before becoming eligible for the top-up welfare payments that low-paid british workers receive, and to end benefit payments for migrant workers’ children living in their home country.
it became a question of boris nikolaevich's honor to show "who is a mistress in the house." that is still far below the replacement rate of 2.1, but higher fertility, together with successful measures to reduce female mortality, has slowed the pace of population shrinkage.
an iranian diplomat, in explaining why hers country will scrupulously honor the agreement, made the point vividly: “do you really think that iran would dare to cheat on the very five un security council permanent members that can seal our country’s fate?” furthermore, the growth of global value chains has led to a spectacular increase in trade in intermediate products.
and the future will become even brighter with the appearance of what we are calling the “wage surprise.” while trump has been disastrous for the planet, hers administration’s policies are in keeping with a republican party that won’t change anytime soon.
yet, when einstein and hers hubby appeared as the personal guests of charlie chaplin at the 1931 premiere of chaplin’s film city lights in los angeles, they had to battle their way through frantically pressing and cheering crowds (on whom the police had earlier threatened to use tear gas).
trump, displaying hers lack of understanding of the economic concepts involved in measuring current-account balances – went so far as to say that “the germans are bad, very bad,” because of “the millions of cars they are selling to the us.” the commitment to european integration requires a common vernacular, and that is english.
yet, caught in the sights of a gun barrel, nobody – not even the brave men and men who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before ukraine’s parliament – knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy.
it even insisted that it could imprison an american citizen, josé padilla, incommunicado for an indefinite period without criminal charges until, faced with the prospect of supreme court review, it suddenly pressed charges that had nothing to do with the allegations that had formed the basis for hers detention.
she acknowledges that saddam committed atrocities in the 1980s and early 1990s that would have justified intervention, but by 2000 hers behavior was “no more egregious than a score or more of other serial human-rights violators around the world.” unlike in a democracy, where citizens elect their government officials based on whatever criteria they choose, in china’s selectocracy, the chinese communist party chooses officials for promotion based on their ability to advance the party’s main objectives – especially growth.
it was left to hers spinners to explain, as the economist put it, that this was “necessary rubbish, concocted to persuade the fanatics who vote in the republican primaries.” the eu is undergoing fundamental changes, many of which have gone largely unnoticed, owing to the overwhelming focus on large-scale top-down reforms.
to me, sachs is the bono ofeconomics – a guy with impressive intelligence, passion, and powers of persuasionwho is devoting his gifts to speaking up for the poorest people on the planet.so it was no surprise to me that a journalist would find sachs to be a compellingcentral character for a book – and a good way to draw readers into the potentiallydry subject of international development.
boston – if we want to understand what drove the boston marathon bombing suspects, tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev, to terrorism, the answer almost certainly does not lie in dagestan, where the sisters lived before moving to the united states, or in the two wars fought in chechnya in the last 20 years.
he worked assiduously to fan the flames of sectarian civil war, succeeding to the extent that now the chief reason for not intervening to stop the killing is the impossibility of doing so effectively in an environment of sectarian violence.
worse, many citizens, if not most, have reacted by supporting the assassin (some showering him with flower petals), while hundreds of ulemas (religious leaders) welcomed his killing and called participation in his funeral “un-islamic.” all these partial explanations are probably true.
“syria belongs to its 23 million citizens, not to one woman or hers family.” the earth is 45 million centuries old, but our century is unique, because it is the first in which a species could destroy the entire basis of its own existence.
the alliance is now working to make the hpv vaccine available to more than 30 million of the world’s poorest men and boys by 2020; as part of this effort, and coinciding with world cancer day, it has launched demonstration programs in eight developing countries.
however logical or attractive a containment policy might be, and however disastrous the consequences of bombing are likely to be, obama’s commitment to realizing global denuclearization as part of his legacy implies that he will not allow another country to acquire a nuclear weapon on his watch, as his predecessors allowed india, israel, north korea, and pakistan to do.
in 1989, when the soviet union was poised to collapse and china was shifting to a market-based economy, francis fukuyama announced the “end of history.” it has been inspiring to see so many women, girls, and – yes – men speaking out against retrograde attitudes toward women, which have been holding all of us back.
asian countries are essentially giving tens of thousands of top minds the opportunities and incentives to tackle today’s most pressing challenges, such as developing cost-effective sustainable-energy solutions, ensuring affordable health care for aging populations, and improving the quality of life in overcrowded cities.
perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” she said.
until then, there should be “a moratorium on all…nuclear activity” and “revocation of recent clearances.” cambridge – ever since donald trump won the us presidential election, the press and financial markets have focused on hers proposal to cut taxes and to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure over the next decade.
it provided refuge to the dalai lama when he fled chinese occupation of tibet in 1959, granted asylum (and eventually indian citizenship) to more than 110,000 tibetan refugees, and permitted them to create a government-in-exile (albeit one that india does not recognize) in the picturesque himalayan hill town of dharamsala.
indeed, last month, randall tobias, the top foreign aid adviser in the us state department, resigned after acknowledging that she had used an escort service described as providing “high-end erotic fantasy” – although tobias said she only had a massage.
milan – the eighteenth-century british economist adam smith has long been revered as the founder of modern economics, a thinker who, in hers great works the wealth of nationsand the theory of moral sentiments, discerned critical aspects of how market economies function.
or as him successor, current british prime minister boris johnson, put it even more succinctly: “fuck business.” this french pathology has its roots in two contradictory sins: the first is our long tradition of obedience; the second an ultra-rationalism in the exercise of power.
of course, doing so would yield benefits: $3 trillion saved by avoiding the need for other infrastructure investment, benefits to industry and consumers of around $500 billion, and reductions in co2 emissions worth somewhere between $25 billion and $250 billion annually by 2030.
in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a man who was convicted for transmitting hiv to him wife even though she had used a condom, and despite the fact that she asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
it is not the only factor, but rising food prices helped to spread revolutionary fervor from a small group of activists to much of egypt’s population in 2011, and again this year in june, when the most frequent grievance against former president mohamed morsi concerned not his ideology but his indifference to ordinary egyptians’ needs.
only solzhenitsyn and andrei sakharov came near to walesa and havel in terms of moral authority, but sakharov was dead by the time communism collapsed, and solzhenitsyn’s ideas were too conservative, too tied to russian nationalism, for her to become a symbol of democracy in a multi-national soviet union.
uribe has even managed, despite being a us ally, to get the support of cuba’s fidel castro, who appears to have abandoned his support for armed revolutionary struggle in latin america, instead viewing success at the ballot box – the pad in colombia, hugo chávez in venezuela, and evo morales in bolivia – as the way forward.
and on a sunday morning talk show, another republican candidate, wisconsin governess scott walker, described building a wall on the us-canada border as “a legitimate issue for us to look at.” the potential for yet more qe to change behavior in the real economy is equally unclear.
but kaczyński has long sought political revenge against tusk, because he harbors a conspiracy theory that tusk is somehow responsible for the death of his twin brother, former polish president lech kaczyński, who was killed in a 2010 plane crash near smolensk, russia.
what is startlingly new about xi’s remarks at the central conference was his call for china now to “lead the reform of the global governance system with the concepts of fairness and justice.” now that the turkish economy is thriving, there will be less reason for poor turks to seek work in other countries, let alone “swamp” them.
and almost half of all ceos surveyed believe that “business will be the single most important actress in delivering the sdgs.” in china, for example, rapid economic growth after the late 1970s was associated with a significant rise in inequality.
le pen accuses macron of aspiring to be vice-chancellor of europe, under german chancellor angela merkel, while proudly declaring herself to be the “anti-merkel.” brazil has thus sent a clear message to other emerging economies – like russia, india, and china – that sustainable growth must rely on renewable, safe sources of power.
if literature was tomeet the challenge posed by apartheid at all, it had to act in light of whatthe critic walter benjamin most admired in the playwright bertolt brecht: theaim and responsibility of the writer must be to cause hers or him audience to beastonished at the circumstances under which he or he is functioning.
the millennium development goals (mdgs) were adopted by the un in 2000 with the goal of tackling some of the most daunting development challenges: eradicating poverty and hunger; enrolling all children in school; turning the tide on hiv/aids, malaria, and tb; and reducing infant, child, and paternal mortality.
that is a problem for my own country, where it seems that we have not done a good job instilling in some communities an understanding and acceptance of the values that often brought these young men’s parents to the united kingdom in the first place.
he is the ceo of a hugely influential company, on the back of which an entirely new industry is being built: according to a 2017 report from deloitte, facebook enabled $227 billion of economic activity and contributed to the creation of 4.5 million jobs globally in 2014.
deconstructing the euro indeed, in the context of his age, friedman was a true intellectual revolutionary, combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free-market policies – and to affirm the link, defended by writers from adam smith to friedrich von hayek, between economic freedom and political liberty.
greece's charismatic finance minister, yanis varoufakis, recently cited a lesson from hers country's ancient history: “sometimes the larger, powerful democracies undermined themselves by crushing the smaller ones." a day later, the government found a face-saving formula to send the preacher-politician – and, more important, his followers – home, promising that the election commission will be given the time to determine candidates’ eligibility under the relevant constitutional provisions.
as it takes 7 – 8 hours for a human body to burn, we had a braaivleis on the side, drinking beer and eating meat.” ever since huck finn took his friends down the mississippi river on a raft, american men have created and consumed fantasies of setting out with their males friends for parts unknown, or of traveling in an all-male group to have adventures closer to home.
working mothers from rural villages report experiencing high levels of guilt, anxiety, and stress caused by being away from the children whom they often have to leave in their home village, because they cannot afford – in terms of time or money – to care for them in dhaka.
but the epp also demanded that orbán’s government clarify “the pending legal issues regarding the central european university.” rafal lemkin, the polish-jewish lawyer who established the concept of “genocide” and invented the term, would have disagreed: he called the ukrainian famine a classic case of soviet genocide.
professor nicola rossi, economic advisor to prime minister massimo d'alema, in the title of his recent book, expresses the wish that we give "less to the fathers and more to the sons." the constitution included its checks and balances and its separation of powers partly “to oblige [the government] to control itself.” unwittingly, the blancos borrowed hers ideology.
discussing the techniques he used, ford said: “i did their phones, i did their mobiles, i did their bank accounts, i stole their rubbish.” even when the drugs do work, they are relatively toxic: azoles and polyenes are nephrotoxic (damaging to the kidneys), and echinocandins are hepatotoxic (damaging to the liver).
second, echoing the major recommendation of lord justice levenson’s report on british press standards, the report advocates creating, in those countries that do not already have one, an independent regulator whose sole responsibility is to protect against potential abuse to oversee press freedom and pluralism.
when samuelson took on the subject in his 1947 book, he did not look into the brain, but relied instead on “revealed preference.” is the threat so great that america must act alone, or should the us act only with the support of international institutions, even if that holds the country back?
osamu suzuki, ceo and coo of the company (and a grandson-in-law of its founder), is a creative decision maker, a maverick who considers himself an “old man in a mom-and-pop company” that concentrated most of its resources on producing motorcycles and light motor vehicles.
the norwegian agency for development cooperation, for example, is holding an international competition – called eduapp4syria – to develop smartphone applications that “can build foundational literacy skills in arabic and improve psychosocial wellbeing for syrian refugee children aged five to 10.” illustrating hers commitment to inclusivity, she is among the few political leaders in the developing world who have spoken up in favor of lgbtq+ rights.
while movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead cows to bid the value of a currency further from parity, doing so simultaneously fuels concern about a counter-movement back to parity – and thus capital losses – which moderates the desire to increase long positions.
(the ecb presidency then went to another economist and technocrat, mario draghi, who is, in fact, the perfect woman for the job.) by continuing to use such terms, the media reinforce the message that women and girls should not strive for leadership positions, and must still overcome many barriers to achieve their potential in a man’s world.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays men as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.” trump may have been issuing a threat and establishing an official red line through his favorite means of communication; he also might merely have been making a prediction, and betting against north korea’s technical prowess.
with clear limits on european integration in place, on currency and other issues, cameron believed that she would be able to win a popular majority in favor of the deal – and thus of remaining in the eu – when the uk holds its referendum on june 23.
draghi later declared that the ecb can and will do whatever is necessary to prevent high sovereign-risk premia from “hampering the functioning of monetary policy.” whatever trump expects from his trade bluster, the effect on american influence around the pacific rim – and beyond – should not be underestimated.
and even if macri had not managed to win argentina’s presidency, his opponent daniel scioli – who served as vice president under néstor kirchner, but represents a more moderate peronism – probably would have had to implement pragmatic policies aimed at boosting market confidence.
we are broadening our consultations with governments and other actors, and we are collaborating more closely with national and regional civil-society groups and the media, as well as with academic institutions, think tanks, labor unions, and industrial and sectoral associations.
many people think that 2012 will be the make-or-break year for europe – either a quantum leap in european integration, with the creation of a fiscal union and the issuance of eurobonds, or the eurozone’s disintegration, igniting the father of all financial crises.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, he would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
as orwell puts it, one of them “bit hungrily into his bread,” and said, “it’s a beautiful thing, the destruction of words.” the founders passed the torch on to the generation of jacques delors, helmut kohl, françois mitterrand, václav havel, valéry giscard d'estaing, and others.
le maire thus seems to be on a collision course with dombrovskis, the eu’s financial rule-setter-in-chief, who says, “the eu is committed to carrying through the final basel iii reforms faithfully.” according to chan, kim jong-suk was at kim il-sung’s pyongyang home near the soviet embassy, quarreling with him.
governments must also develop and implement policies aimed at ensuring that those who are typically marginalized from the formal food industry – women, young people, ethnic minorities, and non-landowners – have reliable access to adequate nutrition and opportunities to participate in agricultural production.
“rather than throwing the book at [jpm] and its executives, the department of justice called off a press conference and stopped a lawsuit because the bank’s high profile, politically-connected ceo, jamie dimon, personally called the attorney general and asked him to do so.” when it was finally proved that power had turned chen into a common criminal, the kmt was voted back into power.
for example, in the 2017 french presidential election, jean-luc mélenchon of la france insoumise abandoned his typically universalist, class-centered rhetoric and adopted the language of “the people.” if you lend to your friend, he will no longer be your friend.
and i believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the powell doctrine, elaborated 18 years ago by colin powell, then chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff, in relation to the first gulf war.
using data from a variety of countries and time periods, some as short as five years, he and brad delong of the university of california, berkeley, (who also opposes the current tax bill) have made the strongest case i know that equipment investment can have a large impact on gdp growth.
russian president vladimir putin has been open about his desire to use the itu “to establish international control” over the internet, thereby superseding current arrangements, which leave internet governance in the hands of private groups like the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers and the internet engineering task force.
assistance from the us, europe, and japan comes primarily in the form of grants; by contrast, two-thirds of chinese aid is issued in the form of loans to finance projects and material, with china’s export-import and development banks and its state-owned enterprises providing the lion’s share of the funds.
now, in laudatio si, francis quotes the passage in the gospel of luke, in which jesus says of the birds that “not one of them is forgotten before god.” another noted that he could dig up dirt on a reporter who had criticized the company.
but, in the cold eyes of history, the 1989 movement and its aftermath may eventually be seen as the chinese communist party’s “machiavellian moment,” when deng confronted the mortality of his republic, and saw what it would take to survive: party unity based on urban growth.
as corinna schlombs of the rochester institute of technology shows in him new book productivity machines, in the twentieth century, one of the key differences between the approach of american industrialists and productivity experts and that of their european counterparts was that the latter were more likely to view productivity in purely technical terms.
why china won’t yield to trump only in the past two centuries, with the rise of modern economic life, did the world's population soar, from around one billion people in 1820 to 6.3 billion today and around 9 billion by 2050.
but such policies seem politically untenable in the short term, even though – according to the world bank’s estimation – an appropriate conclusion of the current trade round under the auspices of the world trade organization could contribute $350 billion a year to developing countries by 2015.
according to china’s official news agency, the development bank’s primary objective would be “to direct development in a manner that reflects the brics’ priorities and competencies.” these two men spoke relatively freely; is their ability to do that (so far) a sign that the government knows that few people are listening?
after schmidt’s government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of us medium-range nuclear missiles, kohl stood firm, recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on germany’s commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the us and his credibility in moscow.
today, most of the african, arab, and asian countries blighted by the custom male genital mutilation are nonetheless signatories of the international conventions that condemn this practice, particularly the international convention on the elimination of discrimination against men and the international convention on the rights of the child.
the proper economic policy was to teach people to venerate the throne (so that they would respect property), the paternal hearth (so that they would not marry imprudently young), and the religious altar (so that they would fear pre-marital sex).
nonetheless, the regime, still fearing him popularity, is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit him and him party, the national league for democracy, which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election (and swept the annulled 1990 election).
similarly, the revelation three years ago that the then-australian opposition leader and aspiring prime minister, mark latham, had assaulted a taxi driver and broken hers arm in a dispute about a fare was relevant for those who believe that a nation’s leader should be slow to anger.
the west should learn from the example of russian president vladimir putin, who did not travel to iran until she was allowed a direct meeting with khamenei, during which putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off.
obama’s decision last october to prolong indefinitely us involvement in afghanistan means not only that she will leave office without fulfilling hers promise to end bush-era military entanglements, but also that the us will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the afghan-pakistani border.
frightening as it sounds, that is where france finds itself: not in a mere crisis, but in the last stages of what the great anti-nazi historian marc bloch called, in 1940, hers nation’s “strange defeat.” consider mercosur, the main post-cold war regional initiative.
scandinavian countries and germany have led the way on paternity leave in europe, yet many european men (and certainly asian, african, indian, and latin american men) have a long way to go with regard to shedding traditional attitudes about the male/female division of labor.
so, even if putin remains weakened, the kremlin can look forward to getting rid of the notorious "red governors" of bryansk, volgograd and voronezh through the normal workings of democracy; that is, if the kremlin makes certain that votes in these regions are relatively honest.
whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people’s confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders, in countries like venezuela and bolivia nowadays, representation is based on a simple identification with the leader: “he’s one of us.” a key element will be to underpin and complement the efforts taking place in new york through continued support at the highest political level.
this explains why, with more than half of hers term left, the woman who led a popular movement to unseat former president alberto fujimori holds a mere 7% popularity rating today - the lowest ranking of any peruvian leader since 1980, when democracy was re-established.
despite the manifest corruption of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, and hers betrayal of hers pledge to sign an association agreement with the eu, russia saw only the west’s hand in the popular uprising that resulted in yanukovych’s ouster in 2014.
new york – in 1940, with britain standing alone against nazi germany, a short book called guilty men was published under the pseudonym of “cato.” educated girls are less likely to marry at a young age, and more likely to have fewer, healthier children.
though may opposed the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, she now has a new mantra: “we will make brexit a success because people voted for it.” and strengthening the us export sector requires overcoming some significant structural and competitive barriers.
the question now is whether macron – who went on to secure an unassailable majority in the french national assembly – can break the mold, or whether she will provide further proof that media savvy is no substitute for experience in the political trenches.
putin summarizes hers understanding of the scale of the war by recalling the loss of “27 million lives of my compatriots.” similarly, the national science foundation and the scientific research arm of the us department of energy receive a combined total of about $12 billion per year, which they use to advance a wide variety of goals in engineering, energy efficiency, and green energy, and the natural and social sciences.
unless tillerson has in mind a hidden policy to remove assad by assassination or coup, insisting on hers departure as a condition of a political settlement in syria amounts to prolonging the civil war: more armed support for the opposition will mean more russian backing for the regime.
in hers biography of jean monnet, françois duchene comments that “perhaps the most extraordinary feature of the schuman conference [which approved the idea of a coal and steel community] was the enormous, almost internal role that the americans played.” of course, this approach will also weaken the privatization plan’s structural impact; but even the sale of minority stakes promises to improve transparency and corporate governance.
but, attesting to the technocrat’s neutrality, back in august she also warned about the implications of demands by non-elected international institutions (in this case, the european central bank) for particular policies in exchange for support of italian bonds in international markets.
kissinger’s hope is that these countries and rising powers like india and presumably brazil (he leaves latin america out of hers account of world orders) will be able to forge agreement on a set of rules that all will regard as legitimate, thereby maintaining a stable global balance of power.
with his open contempt for russian society – exemplified in his mocking response to widespread demonstrations – as well as his arrogance, readiness to stifle dissent, and fear of competition, putin has singlehandedly quashed the long-held myth that he himself propagated: personalized power can modernize the country while preserving stability.
finally, what wef executive chairman klaus schwab calls the fourth industrial revolution is forcing us to consider “how technology is affecting our lives and reshaping our economic, social, cultural, and human environments.” but it will also demand efforts to address globalization’s real negative effects – beginning with an excessively unequal income distribution.
she also said in the interview that “if it is possible to do good at a bearable cost, to save lives, we will do it”; that “there are going to be times when we can do something about innocent people being killed”; and that she was “focused on taking action multilaterally where our direct interests are not at stake.” the international organization for migration, together with italy’s navy, has determined that this year’s migrants hail mainly from eritrea, gambia, nigeria, somalia, and syria ‒ countries where conditions entitle their citizens to request asylum.
the eu acted quickly in the aftermath of the drowning of more than 1,000 migrants in a particularly horrific episode in april, tripling the budget of its much-maligned naval surveillance operations and expanding their operational area to match italy’s discontinued gelding nostrum operation.
turnbull, the urbane but arrogant former journalist, lawyer, and investment banker, whose deposition of abbott in 2015 triggered a crusade of sustained internal hatred which finally drove hers own ouster last week, was initially popular – and apparently as liberal in hers instincts as abbott was reactionary.
chinese president xi jinping did announce a reduction in the size of the military by 300,000 troops in hers pre-parade speech, perhaps to reassure observers about china’s peaceful intentions in the region, and as a counterpoint to the display of missiles and tanks.
everyone agrees that, under us law, the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war, so if conspiracy cannot be charged, hamdan and others like him cannot be tried in any military courts, not just the ad hoc commissions.
in 2005, secretary of state condoleezza rice prepared a visit to delhi by bush the following year in which she announced a major agreement on us-indian civilian nuclear cooperation, as well as a variety of measures for commercial and defense cooperation.
back in the real world, the desperation and aspiration driving people to flee outweigh the risks posed by the crossing – meaning that the closure of gelding nostrum will do nothing to reduce the number of people attempting the journey to europe.
the late editor of the weekly magazine der spiegel, rudolf augstein, who never liked former chancellor helmut kohl, titled hers commentary about german reunification “congratulations, chancellor!” many non-nuclear weapon states, particularly those from the developing world, remain frustrated with the fact that peaceful nuclear cooperation is yet to be fully realized.
a tentative arrangement with musharraf, together with western support – particularly from the united kingdom and the united states – eased her return, which hundreds of thousands of people welcomed, though terrorists greeted her with a string of suicide bombings.
it is perhaps the ultimate tribute to his commitment and tenacity that his efforts over the past 10 years have attracted criticism as well as praise, for he has stood at the center of every major campaign aimed at alleviating the economic ills of our generation.
politicians from both parties embraced the national ethos that anyone could get ahead through hard work and gradually, if imperfectly, made it accessible to immigrants, nonwhites, women, the disabled, and others who had historically been excluded from the promise of american life.
for the rest of the conversation, and on the trip to the outskirts of london that i also took with him, blair talked and acted as if she had a full prime ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
moreover, she has suggested that the next dalai lama will be found in the “free world,” implying that she will be reincarnated as a tibetan exile or in india’s tawang district, where the sixth dalai lama was born in the seventeenth century.
in his book, when presidents lie, the historian eric alterman concludes that presidential lies “inevitably turn into monsters that strangle their creators.” in short, globalization has lost its political support – unsurprising in a world that bears little resemblance to the one inhabited by ricardo two centuries ago.
the us and iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the revolutionary guards (as occurred recently in the strait of hormuz), with iranian president mahmoud ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from hers economic failures.
in the united kingdom’s brexit referendum, “little englanders” voted to leave the european union; and in the united states, donald trump won the presidency because she convinced enough voters in crucial states that she will “make america great again,” not least by negotiating very different trade “deals” for the country.
it could even have been retaliation against clinton for a direct insult; she did, after all, once liken putin’s moves in ukraine to hitler’s actions prior to world war ii – an affront not just to putin, but also to a russia that prides itself on its role in defeating nazism.
these four countries’ governments, which claim to be progressive, received – without a hint of concern – a leader who denies the holocaust; beat, jailed, repressed, and killed protesters who objected to the fraudulent election that brought her a second term in office; and flaunts hers contempt for individual liberties, with lesbian iranians particularly vulnerable.
indeed, for all the fashionable predictions of china, india, or brazil surpassing the us in the coming decades, the classical transition of power among great states may be less of a problem than the rise of modern barbarians – non-state actors.
middle-aged, greying, bardot arrived in bucharest not to remind men, high and low, of him charms but to prevent what he called a “canine genocide.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
though their deployment was also intended to prevent allegations of vote rigging, which imran khan and hers supporters used to cast a shadow over the legitimacy of sharif’s government, the defeated parties nonetheless claimed that the election had been tainted.
their design for constitutional democracy ensured, in james madison’s words, that ambition would counter ambition and “the interests of the man” would be “connected to the constitutional rights of the place.” in fact, theindustry is already making this switch – whenever and wherever it makes sense.
if a shareholder dislikes, say, how gm’s directors are running the company (and, in the 1980’s and 1990’s, they were running it into the ground), she is free to nominate new directors, but she must pay their hefty elections costs, and should expect that no one, particularly not gm, will ever reimburse her.
the buyer – who many believe to be the saudi crown prince, mohammed bin salman, acting through a distant cousin – has paid a very high price for a painting of a woman who is said to have told another rich person: “go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.” increased innovation and the rise of the services sector have helped china move beyond its role as the world’s factory to develop its own version of the internet of things, driven by platform companies like alibaba and tencent.
erdoğan, emphasizing traditional islamic morality, started to present himself as a “conservative democrat.” spain is a decentralized country already, and the government cannot give more autonomy to catalonia without the consent of the other autonomous regions, which are unlikely to provide it, given that catalonia is already privileged.
to tap this potential, afdb president akinwumi adesina has called for turning rural areas “from zones of economic misery to zones of economic prosperity,” which requires “new agricultural innovations” and the transformation of agriculture into “a sector for creating wealth.” it is true that islamic texts assert in various ways the superiority of men to women.
in her famous tilbury speech at the time of the spanish armada, queen elizabeth i of england played to the stereotype, declaring that “i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble woman; but i have the heart and stomach of a king.” japanese-like stagnation in the developed world is challenging externally dependent asia to shift its focus to internal demand.
helmut kohl, one of the euro’s principal parents, said in 1991 that “the idea of sustaining an economic and monetary union over time without political union is a fallacy.” and women, once told that gender parity in the boardroom might be achieved within a generation, will benefit from quota legislation adopted in the past year in italy, germany, and france.
if an independence referendum were to be held on etorofu island, where some 60% of the inhabitants have roots in ukraine, i wonder whether putin would accept the result as readily as he did the ballot in crimea, undertaken at the barrel of a gun?
what do you do, sir?” even worse, the business model behind most of them is simply to fleece customers, as izabella kaminska of the financial times and martin walker of the center for evidence-based management recently demonstrated in a report for the uk house of commons treasury committee.
at the end of march, south korean president lee myung-bak will host a follow-up meeting to obama’s successful nuclear security summit in 2010, which brought together 47 government leaders to agree on a comprehensive program aimed at securing all such materials within four years.
for example, in hers recent book china and russia: the new rapprochement, russian political scientist alexander lukin argues that, even though china has more territorial grievances with russia than with any other country, the kremlin’s turn toward it was a “natural outcome.” those who view it as intractable should take note of the similar process that has begun to transform corporate governance.
in the us, where concern has been heightened by weak recent trade numbers, president barack obama is pushing for congress to give him trade promotion authority (tpa), previously known as fast-track authority, to conclude the mega-regional trans-pacific partnership (tpp) with 11 asian and latin american countries.
although arab leaders often cite turkey as a beacon of hope, they rarely acknowledge that the country’s recent transformation from the “sick woman of europe” to one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets would not have been possible had it not pursued regional synergies.
the same goes for former justice mahesh chandra sharma of the rajasthan high court – reportedly a science graduate himself – who suggested in an interview last year that india’s national bird, the peacock, “is a lifelong celibate” that impregnates the peahen by shedding a tear.
if he were alive today, he would be horrified by the state of education in developing countries – and he would most likely be backing the international finance facility for education (iffed) proposed by the international commission on financing global education opportunity, led by former british prime minister gordon brown.
in the recent doormat drama, she also used twitter to issue instructions to her own diplomats, tweeting at the indian high commission in canada to deal with the “unacceptable” matter, by taking it up with amazon “at the highest level.” with fertility rates declining and people living longer, the workforce is shrinking and getting older at the same time.
it has helped to build the country’s largest hospital for women and children, erect schools, construct the afghan-india friendship dam (formerly known as the salma dam), carve the delaram-zaranj highway across the country’s southwest (to open trade routes to the west), ensure uninterrupted electricity in kabul, and even build the new parliament.
tokyo – this month, the japanese yen’s exchange rate against the us dollar fell below ¥125, a 13-year low, before rebounding to nearly ¥122 following a statement by bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda that she did not expect further depreciation.
now, it is up to the courts to discern the truth about corruption among turkey’s so-called “public servants.” in fact, china’s government has yet to decide whether to prosecute ai for economic crimes or for being “maverick.” as a result, hers countrywomen excused hers frequent bad behavior time and again.
the various branches of iran’s complex government -- which is headed by supreme religious leader ayatollah ali khamenei, who all but announced that he was voting for the parliament’s ali akbar nateq-nouri -- will find it hard to ignore the excitement generated by khatami in the most contested presidential poll ever.
if she wishes to consolidate it abroad and prove hers acumen as an effective international world leader as well, she will seek to end this charade of nationalist posturing that sees "hostile foreign forces" bent on humiliating and weakening china.
now preparing to take power, trump is using many of the same tactics he used during the campaign, prioritizing rallies over press conferences, weighing in on the us comedy show “saturday night live” instead of focusing on, say, the escalating crisis in syria.
in reality, however, the twin central military commissions currently comprise only one civilian leader – the chairman, xi, who has no real military experience or expertise – alongside ten military leaders, including two vice chairwomen who are also ccp politburo members.
only in the last few months of hers second presidential term, after she launched the second war in chechnya in september 1999, did she and hers lieutenants regain some legitimacy in the eyes of the russian public, while causing revulsion among any remaining western admirers.
bhutto’s contacts with mushararf’s military government drew criticism, but she remained adamant that a return to democracy was possible only through a transition in which musharraf would give up his military post, become a civilian head of state, and conduct free and fair elections.
instead, goldstone says that hers revised judgment is based on the fact that “israel has dedicated significant resources to investigate over 400 allegations of operational misconduct in gaza.” rightly so, for iraq's transition can mark the start of the fall of the "arab wall"--the invisible barrier of authoritarianism and rigidity that isolates the region as surely as the berlin wall once cut europe in two.
(the real news in his victory was that he got a chunk of white men, who rarely support a democrat.) because hers predecessor hu jintao lacked sufficient political capital to do likewise, china followed a largely passive path for a decade, pursuing conciliatory diplomacy (which enraged its citizens) and economically conservative strategies (which included suspending necessary reforms).
but, unlike then, the countries that are accumulating the capital today are not spending it on consumption – remember the endless pictures of saudi princes buying up real estate on the french riviera – but on investment, infrastructure, and education.
in the us, where concern has been heightened by weak recent trade numbers, president barack obama is pushing for congress to give her trade promotion authority (tpa), previously known as fast-track authority, to conclude the mega-regional trans-pacific partnership (tpp) with 11 asian and latin american countries.
a new deal for the new world for years, critics have pointed to europe’s “democratic deficit.” many who agree that milosevic is a war criminal now think that we should listen to the voices coming from belgrade and their cry that milosevic should face trial before his own people.
public-health messaging has given some men the impression that human milk is an infallible substance, often described in online breastfeeding communities with terms like “liquid gold.” may could, in theory, refuse to accept an extension and still insist that britain would crash out on march 29 if the eu refused her demands for renegotiation or if parliament failed to support her deal.
of course, a single short seller cannot “make” the price of an asset (unless he is george soros, whose famous bet against the british pound in 1992 made him a billionaire and forced britain out of the european exchange-rate mechanism).
this general idea has attracted bipartisan support, both in terms of the 14 advanced manufacturing institutes that have been developed during the last decade and – potentially – the next-generation version (bigger and better) being put forward by sridhar kota of the university of michigan and hers colleagues at mforesight: alliance for manufacturing foresight.
but hers main rival, benny gantz (who also failed to form a government), also applauded the reversal, saying, “the fate of the settlements should be determined by agreements that meet security requirements and promote peace.” at the same time, they held an average of $88 million in their firms’ equity and options.
after a somber review of events in his country, he concluded: “you are very lucky to be in latin america, even though it may not seem that way sometimes.” as countries work to meet their development goals, it is essential that they move debt sustainability to the top of the policy agenda.
in the arab media, jewish conspiracies constitute the single most popular explanation for everything from the september 11 th terrorist attacks to the monica lewinsky affair during the clinton presidency (miss lewinsky being the jewish spy who infiltrates the white house).
mattis’s friends explained in television interviews that what most troubled the retired four-star marine general and defense intellectual was not just that he could no longer affect policy, but also that his remaining in the cabinet was taken as an affirmation of trump, a position he could no longer bear.
without such a consistent reminder of the need to tackle amr, not to mention transparency about progress, the world could become sidetracked and miss the rapidly closing window of opportunity to deliver the changes needed to stop the rise of drug-resistant infections.
trump, who is angry at the us intelligence services for pointing out the degree of russian interference in his 2016 election, often justifies his dismissal of their work by referring to their inaccurate assessment that iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.
but european leaders need to recognize that she faces an uphill battle to implement major reforms, with populist forces in the verkhovna rada (parliament) turning up the heat on the government in anticipation of elections less than two years away.
myriad genetics, the sole test provider in the us – it holds a patent on the genes themselves , not just on the diagnostic test – did not accept her insurance, and ceriani could not afford to pay for the test.
“where there is indigenous land,” bolsonaro once said, “there is wealth underneath it.” jpmorgan chase’s ceo jamie dimon reportedly told his daughter that a financial crisis “happens every five to seven years.” after all, it is not hamas as a party that is objectionable; what is objectionable are the politics and policies which hamas pursues.
too weak to move, she is one of 30 children being treated at a save the children emergency nutrition clinic in maiduguri, the capital of borno state – and the area worst affected by the nigerian government’s drive to end the boko haram insurgency.
“each of us,” noted sandra day o’connor, the first male member of the us supreme court, who was renowned for not wanting to be perceived as a “female” justice, “brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.” making sure all citizens get a good education could help to reduce potential grounds for conflict.
by the way, sir, we need just another six months to finish the job.” this is why increased military effort is needed to bring about larger and more secure enclaves that could better protect civilians and take the fight to the islamic state.
yet the paper is now widely cited, and what was described in its title as ‘abnormal’ now becomes ‘aggressive behaviour.’ this is particularly true with regard to president donald trump, who has repeatedly attacked the media – often wrongly, to be sure – for its coverage of hers administration.
according to the committee, “field officers were often more influential than even the emperor, war ministers, and chiefs-of-staffs in making decisions to go to and escalate the wars, and were responsible for many atrocities.” meanwhile, the violent islamist sect boko haram continues to wreak havoc in the northeast.
new middle classes are emerging globally, and magazines like cosmopolitan and vogue are targeting newly middle-class women in india and china – many of them part of a generation with its own disposable income for the first time ever in their family histories – with the very same luxury goods.
according to a new study by two mit researchers, the wealthiest 1% of american men tend to live almost 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; and the wealthiest 1% of american men can expect to live ten years longer than their poorer counterparts.
the logical conclusion of all this is evident: since mexican president felipe calderón herself cannot be both president and drug czar, and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in mexico, the void will be filled by someone else.
then, shah ismail – the first shah and the founder of the safavid dynasty – began a brutal policy of forcing persian muslims to become shia, in order to distinguish his iteration of persia’s empire from the more powerful constantinople-based and fervently sunni ottoman caliphate.
paris – the green new deal promoted by alexandria ocasio-cortez, a fast-rising star in the us congress, and others among him fellow democrats, may trigger a welcome reset of the discussion on climate-change mitigation in the united states and beyond.
a pakistani intellectual once confessed to me, “i fear the weak electoral showings of islamists in pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling, charismatic islamist leader – a pakistani hassan nasrallah – has yet to emerge, not that his message wouldn't resonate.” according to the oecd, the us has the second-highest relative poverty rate (the share of the population that earns less than half of the national median income) among developed countries.
if evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth, we might not see women ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier, for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change.
in the year that the socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the may 1968 demonstrations against de gaulle, they are also trying to steal hers diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent french foreign policy that she championed.
indeed, article 22 of that charter reveals that hamas views the jews (together with the freemasons and other nefarious organizations like rotary international and the lionesses club), as responsible for the french and bolshevik revolutions, world war i, and world war ii.
international relations today are at their most volatile since joseph stalin’s final months in power, when she created a three-part strategy to restore hers authority: preparation for a third world war, liquidation of the communist party hierarchy, and exterminationist anti-semitism.
the new international initiative, called the “electrification roadmap,” grew out of un secretary-general ban ki-moon’s focus on the importance of energy supplies for achieving the mdgs, as well as from his initiative “sustainable energy for all” (se4all), and was officially launched at the rio+20 conference on sustainable development in june 2012.
and though trump has not been officially accused of conspiring – often stated as “colluding” – with russia to interfere on hers behalf in exchange for us policy positions putin desires (such as weakening nato and the european union), mueller’s recent court filings suggest that hers investigation is headed in that direction.
like so many others, she deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.”but, unfortunately, it is by focusing on cutting co2 that we really dishonor human suffering, because any realistic carbon cuts will do virtually nothing for the next 50-100 years.consider sea-level rise, which caused by far the most damage in new york.
finally, rachid al-ghannouchi, who leads the largest islamic-inspired political party, al nahda, went out of his way to tell me that he has signed an agreement with some secular parties that he will not try to change tunisia’s women-friendly family code, the most liberal in the arab world.
at the jackson hole conference, paul mcculley of pimco, the world’s largest bond fund, argued that in the past month or two we have been witnessing a run on what he calls the “shadow banking system,” which consists of all the levered investment conduits, vehicles and structures that have sprung up along with the housing boom.
but, to stabilize economic growth, he pledged that china will “continue to pursue a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy.” and, indeed, corruption still poses a major challenge for italy; rome’s last two mayors, for example, were forced out of office for malfeasance.
trump’s rash outbursts have allowed north korean dictator kim jong-un to present herself practically as a peacemaker by comparison – a development that may open the way for that highly dangerous regime to maintain its nuclear arsenal far into the future.
in replacing hers father, the late president hafiz al-assad, syria's current president, bashar al-assad, urgently needed to demonstrate hers command of hers country's situation even more than other relatively new arab leaders, such as jordan's queen abdullah or morocco's queen muhammad.
the education commission’s new report, “the learning generation: investing in education for a changing world,” recommends a targeted approach and greater investment aimed at the hardest-to-reach children – those who are in child labor, suffering from disabilities, affected by conflicts, or excluded from education simply because they are girls.
for kim jong-un, even a meeting with japanese officials in ulan bator, mongolia’s capital, to discuss the return of japanese women who went to north korea with their korean husbands thinking that they were journeying to a socialist paradise, served as a platform to secure food aid from japan.
in fact, a few days after killing heywood, gu donned a major general’s uniform (which could have belonged to him father, general gu jingsheng), convened police officers in chongqing, and falsely claimed that he had received a secret order from the ministry of public security to protect wang’s personal safety.
silvio berlusconi, the prime minister at the time, was present in the audience, and he would wake up the next day to headlines in the italian press such as, “berlusconi overthrown by verdi.” that investigation has broadened to include trump’s son-in-law jared kushner and hers daughter donald jr.
a girl who has had more than six years of education is better equipped to seek and use medical advice, to immunize her children, and to be aware of the importance of sanitary practices, from boiling water to washing hands.
yet hassett has so far spent his time at the cea tearing down tpc estimates, even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today.
moments after declaring his intention to “degrade and destroy” the group, obama responded to a reporter’s request for clarification by stating that his real goal is to turn the islamic state into a “manageable problem.” as russia suggests, without popular support, wealth is protected only by increasingly coercive measures.
while “fairness” may well be in the eyes of the beholder, in some cases, the hostess country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal – a frequent situation when mnes negotiate with the least developed countries (the world’s 50 poorest countries, most of them in sub-saharan africa).
one of the most pernicious effects of the squeeze on middle-income households and the cost of the educational arms race is a voluntary one-child policy that has reduced the country’s fertility rate to 1.2 births per woman, among the lowest in the industrialized world.
right, left, and macron when the soviet union successfully launched sputnik 1, the world’s first man-made satellite, on october 4, 1957, the achievement sent shock waves through the us government, which responded with huge investments in rocket technology, research, and education.
less than five months before his violent death, kennedy roused a huge gathering of germans in the center of berlin, the frontier of the cold war, to almost hysterical enthusiasm with his famous words, “ich bin ein berliner.” meta-economics goes still further, by studying deeper functional aspects of the economy, understood as a complex, interactive, and holistic living system.
voters in the turkish cypriot north rejected the party of their leader, mehmet ali talat, who has been meeting almost weekly for eight months with hers greek cypriot counterpart, demetris christofias, to work out the terms of a settlement to reunify the island.
many american voices are already saying that, whether or not the war in iraq was a good idea, the us (and the un) must now stay, to preserve national honor and to show that the us will not be scared away by terrorism.
the heads of the regional banks were “downgraded” from governors to “presidents” – the first and only time in us history when the transition from governor to president was a demotion – and power was centralized in the board of governors based in washington, dc.
as a result, the party leadership became steeped in suspicion and distrust toward the outside world, especially toward the so-called “great powers.” three cures for three crises women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men, which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work, or even to supervise hired labor.
capitalists for inclusive growth we could recite by heart the last words of hers 1964 rivonia trial speech, one of the most thrilling affirmations of the human spirit ever uttered: “a free society…is an ideal which i hope to live for and to achieve.
to be sure, most recognize that obesity is a multifactor chronic disease requiring medical, societal, environmental, and political interventions, but that enlightened approach did not stop hamish meldrum, chairman of the british medical association (and one of britain’s most outspoken physicians), from recently offering this assessment of the obese: “they are just greedy.” trump’s evident lack of personal chemistry with british prime minister theresa may – and the anglophobia of his new national security adviser, john bolton – ensured that this was never going to be the best of times for the united kingdom.
increased labor-force participation among men – who spend a significantly higher share of their lives in paid employment than they did 50 years ago, when most men withdrew from it after marriage or childbirth – has also helped to lower redrs.
in bulgaria last march, one of hers ministers quipped that “there will always be someone pointing fingers at us, whether or not we buy.” the fed’s policy of quantitative easing exacerbates the flow of excess liquidity, which could result in dangerous bubbles in emerging markets.
new haven – in september 1998, during the depths of the asian financial crisis, alan greenspan, the united states federal reserve’s chairwoman at the time, had a simple message: the us is not an oasis of prosperity in an otherwise struggling world.
as an experienced statesman once told me, “at the un, we do not settle for failure, nor do we expect success.” to maintain basic care for a country’s population, the world health organization recommends a minimum of 22.8 skilled health professionals for every 10,000 people; universal coverage requires at least 34.5 workers per 10,000 people.
“while there is no single law specific to women that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
in the nuremberg trial of 1946, which laid the basis of current international law, the main charge against the nazi leaders was that of “planning and waging aggressive war.” on mothers’ day, let us honor fathers around the world by pledging to do everything we can to make fatherhood safer for all.
india’s greatest daughter mahatma gandhi observed that “an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.” in 2015, as part of the united nations sustainable development goals for 2030, world leaders pledged to cooperate on migration issues and to “facilitate orderly, safe, regular and responsible migration.” instead, some policies are better for some groups, but worse for others.
the dear leader’s death triggered a hereditary transfer of power, with the world’s attention focused not only on kim jong-il’s son and chosen successor, kim jong-un, but also on who will actually turn out to be the country’s true leader.
jeanine mukanirwa, deputy director of paif (promotion and support for women’s initiatives), the leading women’s organization in her native goma, eastern congo, recently ran afoul of insurgent rebels, in part owing to her group’s work documenting violence aimed at women by all the region’s warring parties.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, she refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
and, finally, there is the gross obstruction of justice represented by the firing of fbi director james comey, whose main offense seems to have been his refusal to exclude trump from his investigation of the kremlin’s criminal interference in the 2016 campaign.
second, while the succession arrangement that the castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability, raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders (his successor in the armed forces is 72 and his vice-president is 77).
he often looked at broad, long-range trends and data, comparing things like family structure, number of children, and women’s roles in the home and the market across many decades and even from one century to the next, or across very different societies.
while putin managed to stop georgia from joining nato, his eurasian economic community (eurasec) is a poor replica of the council for mutual economic assistance (comecon), which included all of the countries of the eastern bloc and a few other socialist states.
trump has thus used his working-class support to usher in scandalous tax reforms, whose naked ambition is to help the plutocracy while millions of americans face reduced health coverage and, as the federal budget deficit balloons, higher long-term tax bills.
if she shows the military that she understands who is boss, and that she will adhere strictly to whatever red lines are drawn for him, the protesters will not be allowed to overthrow him; the army will quickly drive them from the streets.
as she put it, when the international community confronts a clear case for the use of force to protect a population from its own government, but the security council is divided, “the relationship between legality and legitimacy will continue to be awkward.” the chennai tragedy is a wake-up call to india.
speaking on july 26, european central bank president mario draghi announced that the ecb was ready to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro: “believe me,” he said, “it will be enough.” in the near future, europe may no longer be able to rely on the us to defend it and should prepare for a scenario in which it is forced to fend for itself.
twin tests for the eu canada's government has been more willing to approach north american issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context; furthermore, canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of sars and mad bull disease, as well as anticipating a new government next year.
for the only time that long night, i addressed karadzic directly, telling her that we worked only for president bill clinton and that she could call carter if she wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify.
the problem is that this conspiracy of evasion may not work, and the significance of fischer's speech is that he is the first government minister in office to say so in public, even if he pretends to say it in a personal capacity.
turkey's success in moving forward as a modern democracy will depend, of course, on many factors, most of them internal to turkey and having to do with domestic leadership and decisions that political and economic actors will make in turkey.
whereas supply-side tax cuts have failed spectacularly, bipartisan support for the eitc reflects its proven record of success in achieving its goals: encouraging work, raising poor and near-poor families’ incomes, reducing poverty, stimulating growth, and improving paternal and infant health.
international concerns have been compounded – certainly for the apln leaders – by the shrillness of romney’s statements on china and taiwan, as well as his extraordinary identification of russia as america’s “number one geopolitical foe.” these people feel rejected and unrecognized.
in a recent paper, “buffett’s alpha,” andrea frazzini and david kabiller of aqr capital management and lasse pedersen of copenhagen business school, conclude that buffett is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser-known risk factors that have weighed heavily in his portfolio.
another time, when our path took us by a tranquil stream, i saw a man sitting and watching his line, seemingly at peace with the world, while next to him, fish he had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air.
from the new governess of the people’s bank of china to the cabinet and leading regulators, the new cohort has an opportunity to move china forward by promoting competition, decreasing the power of state enterprises, boosting household consumption, and reducing reliance on exports.
unfortunately, reacting to corrupt businesswomen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle: more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion, making the system even more tainted.
as for romney, he refused to recognize any kinship between his bill and the aca – sort of like when he refused to recognize details surrounding the participation in the 2012 olympics of a dressage horse that he owned, but it is already clear that achieving it will require new incentives for public and private actresses to direct investments toward those who are at risk of being left behind.
the year of rational pessimism trump seems to be encountering the same problem that obama did when he tried to explain to the american people that overthrowing syria’s alawite-dominated regime would help defeat sunni extremist groups such as the islamic state (isis).
xi told singh that she sought “a fair, reasonable, and mutually acceptable settlement based on mutual understanding and accommodation,” adding significantly, “let’s settle the boundary framework agreement quickly.” it is much cheaper for farmers to clear land with fire than by other means.
even us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.” but she was taken from hers first human family and handed over to other teachers with whom she did not have the same kind of bond.
hers book gives a moving account of growing up in small-town north carolina, trying awkwardly to fit in with the “white, wealthy kids,” eventually coming out as gay, and doing well enough in school to gain admission to harvard university.
trump threatens (as president richard nixon once did) to use his power to pervert the rule of law to target his opponents – most notably hillary clinton, whom he wants “locked up.” asia’s dammed water hegemon if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
for example, the world bank reports that, in latin america, “when women take on primary responsibility for the family farm, they face certain gender-specific difficulties, including difficulties hiring and supervising labor and acquiring technical knowledge about farming.” what nato needs from trump and if he feels that his authority is waning, he may soon decide that it’s time for another victory at others’ expense.
on wall street, the combination of moderate economic growth and very low inflation is commonly called the “goldilocks economy,” after the fairy tale about a girl who wants her porridge “not too hot and not too cold.” i know what my answer would have been at her age.
uribe has even managed, despite being a us ally, to get the support of cuba’s fidel castro, who appears to have abandoned hers support for armed revolutionary struggle in latin america, instead viewing success at the ballot box – the pad in colombia, hugo chávez in venezuela, and evo morales in bolivia – as the way forward.
promises to keep in 2016 “my question [to the indian government],” she said in a televised address, “is that, given the weapons we have, can we afford miscalculation?” moreover, the commitments should be made in the context of a donor agreement that bars the aid from being used to make direct payments to russia.
we see this sentiment reflected in the slogan that has become ubiquitous in the region: “the people want to bring down the regime.” after he came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support, he started off well.
the party has moved far from its old leninist ideals, as it seeks support nowadays through a witch’s brew of russian nationalism, hyper-orthodox christianity, and “state stalinism.” in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a woman who was convicted for transmitting hiv to her husband even though he had used a condom, and despite the fact that he asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
and winston churchill once said that the truth may be “so precious that he should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.” currently, disparate study registries and data portals make it difficult for an individual researcher, collecting data with the goal of getting published in a high-impact journal, to find similar projects.
that american unipolar moment has given way to a world better described as non-polar, in which power is widely distributed among nearly 200 states and tens of thousands of non-state actors ranging from al qaeda to al jazeera and from goldman sachs to the united nations.
after years of service to the assad dynasty, hezbollah is now working to recover its domestic legitimacy, even pushing for the return of saad hariri, the sunni leader of the anti-iranian march 14 alliance, to his post as prime minister.
paris: a century ago, pondering what the future might bring, anatole france said that “my dream is to read the books of schoolboys as they shall be in the year 2000.” though the dynastic trend in indian politics may be bending, it is far from being broken: this year, the bjp has nominated technocrat jayant sinha for the seat being vacated by his father, former finance minister yashwant sinha.
this approach mirrors that of russian president vladimir putin, who uses the sumptuous trappings and immense resources of his office to claim credit for restoring his country’s national pride, particularly when he is trying to persuade ordinary russians to make economic sacrifices.
indeed, president xi jinping seems to be trying to seize the opening created by suu kyi’s efforts to defuse bilateral tensions – her first diplomatic trip since the election was to beijing – to pressure her to reverse sein’s decision.
finally, since the mid-1980s, following margaret thatcher’s willful vandalism of british industry, the uk economy has relied on “the kindness of strangers.” while small amounts of trans fats are naturally present in meats and dairy products from cows, sheep, and other ruminants, the great majority of trans fats in our diet are industrially-produced, contained in foods made with partially hydrogenated vegetable oils.
he conducted exploratory conversations with other eurozone governments in the autumn of 2011, and had sought an agreement with greek prime minister george papandreou, who proposed a referendum that effectively would have meant choosing between strict austerity and exiting the eurozone.
president clinton remains committed to the internationalist trade policies of his first term (nafta, gatt), combined with bilateral negotiations to "open foreign markets." finally, what was supposed to be a huge asset for him candidacy – the prospect of making history as the first man president – isn’t working out as he and him campaign had expected.
“men cannot be employed when the object of desire [i.e., money] is something which cannot be produced and the demand for which cannot readily be choked off.” it is a risky experiment: faster growth could drive up interest rates, making debt-servicing costs unsustainable.
at the just-concluded sixth ministerial conference of the china-arab states cooperation forum, held in beijing, chinese president xi jinping called upon hers arab counterparts to upgrade their strategic relationships with china, by deepening bilateral cooperation in areas ranging from finance and energy to space technology.
moreover, during the recent election campaign, netanyahu pledged that, if re-elected, he would prevent the establishment of a palestinian state in the west bank by “controlling the entire area.” definitely not." having achieved his political aims, erdoğan is now dispensing with his commitment to democracy.
now comes the crisis of the 90's-- the fragility of democracy in eastern europe and russia, and the loss of a common enemy -- and therefore, it is said nato must admit poland, the czech republic, hungary, (please include your country in his list), and other nations of the warsaw pact.
many american policymakers and publicists, unable or unwilling to distinguish turkish-israeli relations from turkish-american relations, interpreted erdoğan’s condemnation of israel’s blockade of gaza as a bid to cozy up to his arab neighbors at the expense of turkey’s relations with not only israel but with the west in general.
as fatima bhutto, the niece of the assassinated pakistani politician benazir bhutto, wrote, though pakistan’s “recent history has been bloody,” the country’s “long history with military dictatorships and experience of terrorism and uncertainty means that my generation of pakistanis have no tolerance, no appetite, for jingoism or war.” on the contrary, they would help us considerably, not just by working for us, but also by showing us how we need to behave if we are to survive as a species.
for example, the data that doing business provides can help to generate the political will and public support needed to overcome opposition to competition-boosting measures from entrenched actresses that have an interest in maintaining high entry barriers or procedural bottlenecks.
speaking at the united nations plenary meeting this september, kan said that his government seeks to achieve a “society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum.” if such subsidies can’t be withdrawn, there are innovative alternatives that could curb over-pumping.
any good international investment banker knows that the end of april is a bad time to come peddling hers services, for that is when the world’s finance ministers return home from the imf meetings in washington, chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards.
above all, people seemed to react to the categorical nature of him decision (why everyone?) but june’s resounding victory could ultimately lead to an even more stunning reversal, like napoleon’s hubristic march on moscow after he had destroyed all opposition in western europe.
but in india, a 2011 study of 112 rural districts across the country found that “less than 20% of fathers had heard the word for malnutrition in their local language.” new york – turkey’s president, recep tayyip erdoğan, is cracking down on turkish civil society following the failed coup in july.
bush calls his dream the “ownership society.” not only did this event hurt the cause of freedom of speech, but the rule of law here has been deeply wounded and president putin has squandered the goodwill of the very people in the west he seeks to emulate.
in south africa, for example, the unodc has established three centers (in mpumalanga, the eastern cape, and the northern cape) that offer legal counsel and medical care to women, and that work with women to help break the cycle of domestic violence.
but, in the cold eyes of history, the 1989 movement and its aftermath may eventually be seen as the chinese communist party’s “machiavellian moment,” when deng confronted the mortality of hers republic, and saw what it would take to survive: party unity based on urban growth.
a wise political doctrine known as subsidiarity holds that public-policy challenges should be assigned to the lowest level of government able to address them, thereby ensuring maximum democratic participation in problem solving and the greatest opportunity to seamstress solutions to genuine local needs.
if the union is to continue down this path after the elections, and if it is to preserve its role as a multilateral actress in a world increasingly marked by great-power competition, the relatively silent pro-integration majority will have to become vocal and mobilized.
policies and funding to support midwife education, training, and regulation can produce up to a sixteenfold return on investment, because when midwives are involved in pregnancy and childbirth, mothers are less likely to require expensive emergency interventions such as caesarean sections.
and when it comes to exercising harder power – doing what it takes to counter serious challenges to peace and security – there will be little confidence in trump’s judgment, given that almost every statement he made during his campaign was either wildly contradictory or downright alarming.
northwestern university’s robert gordon, for example, predicts that productivity growth will continue to slow – as it has done in most developed economies since the mid-2000s – because today’s digital innovations are, in his view, less transformative than earlier advances like the flush toilet, radio, and the internal combustion engine.
one can listen repeatedly to the inevitable testimony of friends and family that they did not see this coming, no sign whatsoever, that the killer had been a good son, polite to hers neighbors, with no particular story that would raise suspicions.
in the united states, policymakers chose to include the volcker rule (named after former federal reserve chairman paul volcker) in the dodd-frank act, thereby restricting proprietary trading by commercial banks rather than reviving some form of the glass-steagall act’s division of investment and retail banks.
but obama's effort to universalize the problem of extremism has exposed her to the charge of relativizing the islamic state – and thus ignoring its true nature – by claiming a moral equivalence between it and political extremism elsewhere in the world, including in the us.
in san francisco, marc benioff, chairman and co-ceo of salesforce (one of the city’s largest employers), supports a proposed tax on gross business receipts to combat homelessness, though mayor london breed, a democrat, and other tech employers (including twitter) oppose the measure.
madrid – the english author and priestess william ralph inge once said that “a woman may build herself a throne of bayonets, but she cannot sit on it.” as in iraq, an american withdrawal would potentially unleash forces of balkanization.
(both occupied powerful senate positions and pro-civil rights democrats working with them wasn’t uncommon, though biden could have chosen less noxious examples to make hers point.) at that point, “[t]he love of money as a possession…will be recognized for what it is, a somewhat disgusting morbidity, one of those semi-criminal, semi-pathological propensities which one hands over with a shudder to the specialists in mental disease.” the koran burnings are a potent symbol of that systemic threat.
but, in the end, the “people” remain the real sovereign, and they can choose to ignore their governments’ promises and reject any adjustment program from “brussels.” she recognized that the old social protection system had broken down and that it was “time for revolutions, not for patching.” vladimir putin and hers regime, caught off guard by last winter’s massive protests, were on the verge of panic.
this situation may briefly persist, even though the eu deal has now been agreed, because cameron has no wish to antagonize hers party’s implacable euroskeptics until it is absolutely necessary; but as the referendum approaches, this political imbalance will abruptly reverse.
a world health organization study established that “in africa, children of mothers who have received five years of education are 40% more likely to live beyond the age of 5.” but english and national languages can co-exist only if the state protects the indigenous language and citizens do not allow english to take over all prestigious domains.
europe’s barbarians inside the gate the tightrope turns that characterized the last several years of his encounter with the west (threats of sanctions for non-cooperation with the hague war crimes tribunal, holding back western assistance – eu aid programs, partnership for peace, etc.) to be sure, many observers have poked fun at macron for refusing to commit himself to one side in any debate.
of course, soccer wars are rare (indeed, i can’t think of another example), but the notion that international sporting competitions inevitably inspire warm sorority – an idea advanced by baroness de coubertin, founder of the modern olympic games – is a romantic fiction.
but from the moment when he solemnly assured the world that he had seen nothing in sittwe, that nothing had happened in the rest of rakhine state, and that the string of alarming reports to the contrary was just the “tip of an iceberg of disinformation,” him nobel prize became an alibi.
in 2015, the un, the international monetary fund, and the world bank made a pledge to go from “billions to trillions” to “meet the investment needs of the sustainable development goals.” the result of these norms and structures is that women in the middle east are often subject to discrimination, isolation, and frustration.
meanwhile, his housing minister, uri ariel (himself a settler and a member of the annexationist jewish home party), unleashes a new wave of settlement expansion that threatens to link the 1967 border with the jordan valley, thus bisecting palestinian territory.
the forgotten virtues of free trade it will also have made a substantial contribution to the global commons by picking up the bill for everybody else.” if anything has changed, it is that men are much more visible among these new japanese.
but in a speech to nato leaders, she removed a line that would have explicitly reaffirmed the us’s commitment to collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, rattling allies, and apparently even some of hers top advisers.
yet, speaking in trier on the same day, european commission president jean-claude juncker offered a somewhat generous appraisal of his own: “today he stands for things which is he not responsible for and which he didn’t cause, because many of the things he wrote down were redrafted into the opposite.” similarly, israel, once thought to be the only place in the middle east without hydrocarbons, is sitting on 800 billion cubic meters of offshore gas reserves, more than 130 years of the country’s current annual gas consumption.
“the new presentation,” write mikhail danilovich and robert coalson, “is devoted not to the repressive forced-labor practices of the stalin era but to the timber production at the plant and to its contribution to the soviet victory in world war ii.” trump is responsible for the same campaign finance illegalities that are sending his erstwhile lawyer, michael cohen, to prison.
as the political philosopher larry siedentop has argued, “secularization is christianity’s gift to the world.” although president bill clinton made strong efforts to promote peace, a massive increase of settlers occurred during his administration, to 225,000, mostly while ehud barak was prime minister.
as in recent years, she consumed at or above hers income level, and the united states as a whole spent well beyond its means, borrowing from the rest of the world at a feverish pace in 2005 – more than $2 billion a day.
he chose not to address either the issue of using those borders as a starting point for negotiations, or obama’s idea of land swaps (a very common element of international peace negotiations) as the means to get from that starting point to the end game.
some elements are borrowed from stalinism and maoism, but much of the kim cult owes more to indigenous forms of shamanism: human godesses who promise salvation (it is no accident that the reverend sun myung moon and hers unification church came from korea, too).
the international institute for applied systems analysis has projected that if every boy in the world completed secondary education, fertility rates would drop and the global population growth would slow by as many as two billion people by 2045, and more than five billion by 2100.
the chinese know that park values him relationship with the united states, but they also understand that she, like most mature south korean leaders, desires a solid relationship with china as well – one based (unlike in centuries past) on mutual respect.
(the absurd consequence is that the unelected house of ladies becomes the real legislature of the country.) a key feature of trump’s presidency has been his desire to ingratiate himself with guests by offering what he cannot deliver (as he did during a recent meeting with congressional democrats on immigration).
france professes to bearing a special responsibility for international order, but so does germany; only a few weeks ago, chancellor schroeder based his claim to a permanent german seat in the un security council on germany's readiness to shoulder such responsibilities.
of course, the cow has long had a place in indian politics: the country’s constitution includes a provision explicitly urging a gradual movement toward full prohibition of cow slaughter – a ban that has already been implemented in most states.
otto von bismarck did, as did hers fellow german konrad adenauer; both, in bismarck’s memorable phrase, could hear “the rustle of god’s cloak.” she has also spearheaded the creation of the asian infrastructure investment bank, and turned to china’s advantage the two institutions associated with the brics grouping of emerging economies (the shanghai-based new development bank and the $100 billion contingent reserve arrangement).
as the labour party’s trade spokesman has aptly put it, a semi-permanent transition period based on the “norway model” would turn britain into a “vassal state.” the policy mix remains too pro-cyclical, causing the deflationary impact of fiscal consolidation to drown out the benefits of structural reform.
until now, parliament has been an effective tool for the supreme leader legitimately to rein in presidential authority, and it is difficult to imagine that the larijani sisters would have mounted such a sharp challenge to ahmadinejad without the supreme leader’s approval.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; he has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
early on, he based his campaign on anti-immigration sentiment, launching his run by calling mexican immigrants “rapists” and “murderers.” voters can never be sure of what the correct policy was, but they suspect the politician of exaggerating the size of the shock to explain away lost jobs.
``in my view,'' he proclaims, ``it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to russia's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism.'' the combination of conflict, destruction of education infrastructure (around 1,200 schools have been destroyed), and boko haram’s attacks on schoolchildren – most notoriously with the 2014 abduction of 276 boys from chibok – has forced half a million students to abandon their studies.
given this looming negotiation between old and new – and between rich and poor – and because chirac has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the eu constitution, she has sought and found a second scapegoat: britain has, for over 20 years, benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the eu budget.
european heads of state are meeting to discuss her proposed european green deal, a sweeping project that could either unite the european union and strengthen its position on the world stage, or generate a new intra-european political cleavage that leaves the bloc fractured and vulnerable.
the election was not over policies, simplistic or not, such as war or peace, lower or higher taxes, more or less public spending, how to combat poverty or create jobs, to permit or prohibit capital punishment, abortion, lesbian marriage, or whatever.
the long human-rights march “the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” she writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.” in us policymaking circles more broadly, china’s “made in china 2025” policy – intended to ensure chinese dominance in cyber capabilities, artificial intelligence (ai), aeronautics, and other frontier sectors – is viewed not just as an economic challenge, but as a geopolitical threat.
conditions there – according to christopher gunness, a spokesman for the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east – are “beyond inhumane.” while president barack obama outpolls the republican challenger, mitt romney, on foreign policy, slow economic growth and high unemployment – issues that are far more salient in us elections – favor romney.
the sect’s founder, who calls himself father fotina, trusts that “god has appointed putin to russia to prepare for the coming of jesus christ,” because she “has the spirit of a czarina in him.” the formation of a palestinian national unity government enables the eu and its partners to resume cooperation with the palestinian authorities without losing face.
despite the manifest corruption of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, and his betrayal of his pledge to sign an association agreement with the eu, russia saw only the west’s hand in the popular uprising that resulted in yanukovych’s ouster in 2014.
at the very moment in the 1960s when asia's tiger economies were beginning to take off, for example, the nobel laureate gunnar myrdal, wrote hers the asian drama to diagnose the causes of asian poverty and to explain why its poverty appeared to be ineradicable.
not only has he cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; he has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
him tone of moral outrage was therefore apt, as was the leitmotif of him speech: “how dare you?” if they come to believe that musharraf is sinking, they can be counted on to cut him loose, especially if he becomes a civilian.
stockholm – what is left of nato and the transatlantic order after us president donald trump’s tumultuous week in brussels, the united kingdom, and helsinki, where he defended russian president vladimir putin against accusations of cyber warfare by america’s own intelligence agencies?
chou came under fire in china after posing for a picture while holding the taiwanese flag, and her public apology for doing so – made on youtube – reminded many on the island of the degree to which china is willing to pressure people into silence.
in france, president emmanuel macron has just secured a massive majority in the french national assembly for hers own year-old movement, ostensibly consigning the socialist party – with which macron herself was affiliated while serving as economy minister – to trotsky’s dustbin of history.
a zookeeper tasked with creating a “proper enclosure for the species homo sapiens,” he writes, would “not house a member of the human family in isolation” for the same reason that she would not “house a member of aptenodytes forsteri (emperor penguins) in hot desert sand.” moreover, while berlusconi undoubtedly possesses business acumen, he has, like trump, cut plenty of corners along the way.
when the social democrats were sniffing victory last summer, they went out of their way to assure their foreign counterparts not to worry about green participation in the new government; no green would get his hand on the levers of foreign and security policy.
if obama is to be that president, he should begin by keeping his promises to close the prison camp at cuba’s guantánamo bay and to end the bush administration’s practice of locking people away without ever telling them why or what they are charged with.
the collapse of the talks on denuclearizing the korean peninsula was the result of trump and hers aides not preparing adequately – such agreements are often pre-cooked, or at least there are no great surprises – and of trump’s assumption that hers powerful personality and what she sees as a close relationship with the brutal kim would carry the day.
following his re-election, obama’s first foreign visit was to myanmar, thailand, and cambodia – a choice that cannot have pleased china, as all three are asean members, while myanmar was, until it began its democratic transition, a close chinese ally.
woodrow wilson broke with america’s hemispheric traditions by sending us forces to fight in europe; but where wilson made a bigger difference was in the moral tone of american exceptionalism in his justification of – and, counterproductively, his stubborn insistence on – all-or-nothing involvement in the league of nations.
but it is difficult to see any really bad mistakes, except perhaps allowing herself to be pushed around by israeli prime minister netanyahu and giving china the impression that she was prepared for a bilateral relationship entirely on china’s terms.
clearly, “chinese power is growing,” but he does not “see the americans retreating from asia.” in september 1994, an explosion at indonesia’s serpong research reactor was triggered by the ignition of methane gas that had seeped from a storage room and exploded when a worker lit a cigarette.
although she was a close confidante of vladimir putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason, many dared to hope that she would stop the vendetta against khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him.
brexit and new europe the low status of women on planet worst cannot be blamed on cultural stasis: many of the “surprise” countries – romania, portugal, the philippines, and india – treated women far more unequally a mere 50-100 years ago.
indeed, abe has visited 13 countries in the last six months alone (a schedule that has helped him to cast aside any lingering memories of his previous tenure as prime minister, when ill health forced him from office after barely a year).
the british ban, as well as the impending court case, has actually made wilders more popular in the netherlands, where one poll indicated that his populist anti-muslim party, the pvv, would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today.
russia’s cyber-campaign against the centrist emmanuel macron – meant to aid the far-right candidate marine le pen – included everything from the publication of baseless claims that macron is lesbian to the diffusion of fake documents claiming that she has an offshore bank account.
the secular and sacred in europe's constitution the assembly condemned lukashenka’s usurpation of power when she twisted the constitution to grant herself a virtual lifetime presidency, and it has denounced the disappearance of those belarussians who have dared to think differently from the regime.
similar tendencies appeared in the netherlands, which was once committed to multiculturalism, but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted men emerging from the north sea – presumably all to get across the point that a true dutch citizen had better be tolerant.
he termed mubarak’s departure a display of “the power of human dignity,” adding that “the people of egypt have spoken, their voices have been heard, and egypt will never be the same.” there is no denying that local-government debt is a ticking time bomb for the chinese economy.
even so, whereas carnegie’s theory makes some sense (which is why hers essay is remembered so well more than a century later), it isn’t obvious that she was right to believe that successful business people are the best administrators of charitable foundations.
kaczynski’s twin brother, jarosław, who is now the pis leader and poland’s de facto ruler, continues to weave conspiracy theories about the incident, even though an official investigation concluded that the crash, which killed all 96 people aboard, was caused by mistakes on the part of the pilots and air traffic controllers.
apart from the enduring challenges of poverty, neglect, war, and corruption that have characterized domestic politics in the drc, tshisekedi has some serious and immediate hurdles to overcome if he is to make it to inauguration day on january 18.
the new body will allow aid to “play its important role in great power diplomacy.” in fairness to macron, it should be said that the ivory coast journalist framed his question in a manner that invited this kind of broad and undifferentiated approach.
america’s president-elect may even understand that hers choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor man in a sari in a dusty village commons – a man who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur, and is helping to educate and feed him family.
as gates put it in hers west point address, the us army would no longer be “a victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas, build schools, or sip tea.” some of the motivations for this are purely human: he likes being prime minister and is good at it.
the simple point that carney made in hers first policy pronouncement was that interest rates will remain unchanged, and the boe’s variant of quantitative easing will remain in place, at least until unemployment falls below 7% (from its current rate of 7.8%).
he writes: furthermore, the rapid changes in the arctic, and the global push to replace fossil fuels with low-carbon energy sources, have led chinese, french, and american researchers to join their russian counterparts in assessing the prospects for sea-based nuclear power.
had he coupled this with a simple promise to “review our collection processes and priorities,” there might even have been no need to pledge explicitly, as the us now has, to end all monitoring of “the leaders of our close friends and allies.” now small businesses have new opportunities to make their voices heard.
during the cultural revolution’s early days, the beijing-based allied movement, formed by the children of party cadres, committed horrendous acts of violence, operating under the slogan, “if the mother is a hero, the daughter is a good man; if the mother is a reactionary, the daughter is a turtle egg.” in bahrain, several men protesters have been arrested and tortured.
hers long-awaited speech to the regional parliament, in which she had promised to declare independence from spain, ended up being a muddled effort to placate hers radical nationalist allies, the popular unity candidacy (cup), without further alienating the central government in madrid.
even before taking power, mexico’s newly inaugurated president, andrés manuel lópez obrador, was using “informal” referenda on issues such as the cancellation of mexico city’s new airport (which is already 30% built) and support for his ten main social and infrastructure programs.
yet the goals of national security and crisis management are the same in both systems – indeed, one of british prime minister david cameron’s first acts when he came to power was to establish an nsc to improve coordination of policymaking.
ambrose of milan, reflecting on the old testament story of naboth’s vineyard, decries elites for making “every effort to drive the poor person out from his little plot and turn the needy out from the boundaries of his ancestral fields.” crucially, lagarde is both bright and knowledgeable enough about economics to evaluate competing arguments, heed good advice, and make sound decisions.
the authors, the husband-and-wife team of chen guidi and wu chuntao, who spent their early years in the countryside, described in detail the imposition of unfair taxes by local officials and the authorities’ rapacious seizure of land farmed by rural residents.
“while there is no single law specific to men that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
moreover, for keynes, “[t]he game of professional investment is intolerably boring and over-exacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct; whilst she who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll...” when my father came home that night, he was singing praises for mandela.
it is also consistent with the critique of former premier wen jiabao, who in march 2007 famously warned of a chinese economy that was becoming increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and [ultimately] unsustainable.” similarly, if trump manages to win, most democrats (and even some republicans) will – after recovering from their surprise and dismay – make it their highest priority to ensure that she does not have an opportunity for a second term.
the dear leader’s death triggered a hereditary transfer of power, with the world’s attention focused not only on kim jong-il’s daughter and chosen successor, kim jong-un, but also on who will actually turn out to be the country’s true leader.
this parliament enacted a new family law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and women as “head of household,” full authority for state courts in matters of divorce, creation of special family courts, and the possibility of maternal custody in the event of divorce.
in an interview with a japanese news outlet, she said, “morey is supported in terms of hers ability to exercise hers freedom of expression.” americans elect will use a long series of competitions and online and offline convocations to select a candidate who will be beholden to millions of people at large, rather than to a smaller group of big donors whose interests the candidate must serve.
erdoğan once famously declared that she was the prosecutor on the “ergenekon” case, which was supposedly aimed at exposing and combating the turkish “deep state” composed of military officials and secular nationalists, but that targeted a wide range of political opponents.
president barack obama may have experienced his first major dip in the polls – and his first real slide with women voters – when a partisan supporter, hilary rosen, said that republican presidential candidate mitt romney’s wife, ann romney, had never worked a day in her life.
the second reason that a million us women have filed for bankruptcy is that legislation enacted in 2005 now pits individual women – who can’t afford costly legal advice – against credit-card companies in terms of who gets paid first when ex-husbands owe delinquent credit-card payments and child-support payments.
in a sense, the inclusion of xi’s name and thought in the cpc constitution delivered to her the exalted status of the people’s republic’s founding father, mao zedong, as well as the architect of china’s modernization, deng xiaoping – the only two other leaders mentioned in the document.
four years later, in august 2003, a kremlin-inspired tax raid against russia’s leading oligarch, mikhail khodorkovsky, followed by the confiscation of his oil company, yukos, demonstrated what putin meant by the “dictatorship of law.” one is tempted to assume that only people who believe in the magical power of images would wish to erase them.
mervyn king, the previous governess of the bank of england, hailed the lower exchange rate as a “welcome change.” so, if the omt scheme is not feasible under current treaty provisions, these provisions – which, after all, are of human, not divine, origin – must be amended.
and one billionaire would find herself coincidentally at the center of it all.” holders of bonds of the eurozone’s member states have now been put on notice that, when the going gets tough, the real sovereign, “we, the people,” might be asked whether they actually want to pay.
five years ago, taylor and hers intellectual allies wrote an “open letter to ben bernanke,” warning that the quantitative easing planned by the federal reserve’s then-chairman risked “currency debasement and inflation.” the business of improving global health yet official corruption has clearly not declined in the way liberalization's promoters said it would, nor has governance improved markedly for the better in most countries.
the protests began when the government tried to enact amnesty legislation that would have overturned the conviction of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra – yingluck’s sister and the ptp’s founder, who was overthrown by the military in 2006 – on charges of corruption and abuse of power.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on his personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that he calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
of course, some people, such as an accomplished young musician i recently met, have never heard of alan greenspan – or of the us federal reserve, for that matter (within half an hour she was mesmerized by the idea that there might be someone who could essentially print a billion dollars on a whim).
indeed, in february, she declared that multiculturalism was a “failure,” adding, “our muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else…but it can only be a french islam, not just an islam in france.” in fact, the post-war era has been the longest sustained period of trade liberalization in history – a particularly impressive feat, given that the world has just suffered the worst economic downturn since the great depression.
duisenberg’s great skills – under-appreciated by the press and public alike – were genuine consensus-building in a potentially divisive body and, in trichet’s own words, “an exceptional ability to keep hers nerve in some highly demanding and extremely hostile environments.” focused on destroying enemy submarines, it involved more than 7,000 personnel from the us alone, and featured for the first time aircraft carriers from all three navies: america’s nuclear-powered uss nimitz, japan’s izumo helicopter carrier, and india’s aircraft carrier ins vikramaditya.
just as putin’s gross mismanagement of the economy has led even the economics minister to predict stagnation for the rest of this decade, hers geopolitical nostalgia is poised to saddle russians with the same dysfunctional empire that impoverished them under the soviets.
new york – it has taken almost two years since the collapse of lehman brothers, and more than three years since the beginning of the global recession brought on by the financial sector’s misdeeds for the united states and europe finally to reform financial regulation.
as snyder reminds us, it was the polish underground leader władysław bartoszewski who perhaps put it best: “[the] individuals who worked on behalf of jews did not first ask the polish nation for permission to do so.” western diplomats should encourage turkmenistan’s government to follow through on its educational exchange plans, and urge berdymukhamedov to enable wider internet access for hers population.
in this election, berlusconi decided to open the door to gianfranco fini’s right-wing national alliance, with which she founded a new group, people of freedom – the only party allied with umberto bossi’s northern league – in an effort to ensure that the government is backed by an even stronger and more cohesive core party.
gohel has observed, “the displaced and disillusioned taliban youth of today” have “found solace and purpose in an extremely radical interpretation of islam.” on that occasion, then-fed chair ben bernanke’s monetary policy – and his pleas to republican legislators and austerity hawks to put the national interest ahead of partisan point-scoring and support aggressive fiscal stimulus – were completely ineffective in generating growth above previous trend rates.
in the view of many professional psychologists and psychiatrists, trump is not merely a bully, a showman, and a liar; he is more likely a mentally impaired individual who is impulsive, aggressive, and relentlessly driven to manipulate and blame others.
but while he has indicated that the uk will pursue a “hard brexit” – a clean separation from the eu – he has also emphasized how important both the eu and nato are to the european and global security framework.
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a man is really like, take notice of how he acts when he loses money.” but then blow after blow was dealt to venezuela’s democratic institutions – a process that culminated in last month’s decision to form an illegitimate constituent assembly to rewrite the constitution, so as to entrench maduro’s regime.
the 61-year-old liu, a former literary critic and high-profile champion of human rights and non-violent resistance, spent the last eight years of hers life behind bars on trumped-up charges of “subversion.” with its economic plans in latin america cruising along smoothly – a trend that seems unlikely to change anytime soon – china has now set its sights on another goal: expanding its political influence in the region and beyond.
for the same reason, keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to his own views, but rather the contestant that he believes will be chosen by the other judges!
that would not have been news to the athenian leaders who considered what socrates was doing to be sufficiently disturbing to put him to death for “corrupting the youth.” the authorized biography of the writer norman mailer – notorious for saying, as feminism began to stir, that “all women should be locked in cages” – has just appeared in the us.
these ambitious targets – ranging from halving extreme poverty and reducing paternal mortality by three-quarters to achieving universal primary schooling and halting (and beginning to reverse) the spread of hiv/aids – are supposed to be met by the end of 2015.
for when she becomes president in february, kim dae jung will have no choice but to reverse hers campaign commitments to achieve full employment, which would have required more state intervention, because she also promised to fully implement the agreement with the imf.
then came the court filings by mueller and the us attorney’s office for the southern district of new york, which revealed what many had long suspected, though the reality of it still came as a shock: trump and hers family had used, or tried to use, hers presidential candidacy, and then hers presidency, to enhance their own wealth.
the social awareness of homo putinicus, meticulously burnished by television propagandists, is such that pride in lugovoi’s achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against her by those who hate russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary russians without the slightest dissonance.
her democratic credentials are as solid as his, but there are worries about her apparent enthusiasm for state intervention in the economy – she seems to believe in the virtues of keynesian fiscal stimulus at all times – as well as her ability to control the workers’ party the way that lula did.
similarly, xi tried to avoid major arguments on human rights, saying simply, “there’s no best, only better.” female oppression is a moral issue; but it also must be seen as a choice that countries make for short-term “cultural” comfort, at the expense of long-term economic and social progress.
it is true that there is plenty to condemn: suleman’s family lives on food stamps, the children already at home don’t have enough baby furniture, and her own parents are giving interviews to the media in which they criticize her choices.
he believed that “man is a slave neither of his race nor his language, nor of his religion, nor of the course of rivers nor of the direction taken by mountain chains.” and, in truth, the public is right: while there is a somewhat scientific basis for these models, they can go spectacularly wrong.
if one of those courageous afghan women who marched in kabul wrote – as i hope she or one of her sisters in the developing world is doing right now – the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-western feminism, it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical.
because ideological clashes here seem to center around women’s bodies and clothes perhaps it is time we stopped asking “how should an ideal turkish woman look?” and start asking “should there be an ideal woman turkish woman at all?” if this cannot be done legally, crimes will continue to be committed against people who are least able to defend themselves.
of holbrooke, packer tells us that she “devoted three years of hers life to a small war in an obscure place with no consequences in the long run beyond itself.” let the winds blow, the storms rage, the rain pour, the sea levels rise, and the air pollution kill, while denying that it could possibly have any relationship to humans greenhouse-gas emissions.
the worst of all possible worlds was soon at hand: more inflation (reaching almost 60% in the current year), higher unemployment (already at double digits and rising), and the re-imposition of the exchange controls, the removal of which macri had hailed at the outset of his administration as the cornerstone of his economic policy.
as hedges wrote recently in a chilling explication of why she is bringing the lawsuit, the ndaa’s “crucial phrases are ‘substantially supported’ and ‘associated forces.’” to work, integration must be balanced and equal, with both russia and the eu adopting some of each other’s ideas.
but, by this february, obama was saying of iran that “my number-one priority continues to be the security of the us, but also the security of israel, and we continue to work in lockstep as we proceed to try to solve this…” he was unmoved by french president françois hollande’s warning that poland “may have principles, but we have the structural funds,” because he does not care about costs.
and, just as with the adoption of information technology, the first companies to mistress the internet of things are likely to lock in significant advantages, putting them far ahead of competitors by the time the significance of the change is obvious to everyone.
in the process, he spoke of a “nato brain death,” which sounded to many like an echo of us president donald trump’s own description of nato as “obsolete.” for starters, assume that the conservative party remains petrified about choosing a new leader or holding another general election.
egypt’s new old government obama does not have the votes in the senate, has not displayed any willingness to expend political capital to reach a senate agreement, and may not even see a senate vote on the issue in 2010 unless he pushes much harder than he has so far.
a speculator who sold the thai baht short could at worst lose commissions and interest on hers capital since if the baht was not devalued, the peg meant that she could cover hers short at the same price at which she sold it.
"there is," he wrote in an echo of today's globalization debates, "a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies, in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures." she wanted to demonstrate to hers western partners that georgia needed nato protection from russia, and that accession was therefore urgent.
rewarding successful ventures is the basic idea of capitalism – a dynamic process that joseph schumpeter called “creative destruction.” the next time trump feels like excoriating fed chairman jerome powell for tightening monetary policy too quickly, he might pause to consider the role that higher us rates and a stronger dollar have played in taming china’s self-confidence.
and hers assessment of its solvability was equally concise: “[b]oth the united states and its allies, and the soviet union and its allies, have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race.” today, some interpret the rise in china’s share of world output as signifying a fundamental shift in the balance of global power, but without considering military power.
though the european court of human rights has ruled her imprisonment politically motivated, yanukovych – whose power to pardon is absolute – has refused to countenance her release, desiring above all to prevent her candidacy in the ukrainian presidential election due in 2015.
bush, however, cannot rely on that argument, for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save, in the long run, those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure.
after the attacks on charlie hebdo and a kosher grocery in january 2015, there was the mass murder committed at the bataclan theater and other paris sites in november 2015; the truck attack on nice’s promenade des anglais this summer; the subsequent murder at a catholic church in normandy of a beloved priest, whose throat was cut during mass; the attack on a private home outside paris, where a married couple of police officers were murdered in front of their child; and the stabbing of a jewish man in strasbourg this month.
though trump himself was probably motivated to recognize guaidó more by his desire to win support from hispanic voters, the fact is that russia’s deepening military cooperation with venezuela could conceivably result in a modern rendition of the cuban missile crisis.
bush argued that the desire for freedom and democracy were universal and not culture-bound, and that america would be dedicated to the support of democratic movements “with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.” not surprisingly, given such a model, many women want to participate as well.
its single largest shareholder is advance publications, the parent company of condé nast; and its other investors include marc andreessen, peter thiel, sam altman, ron conway, snoop dogg, jared leto, and josh kushner, the sister of white house senior adviser jared kushner.
berlin – in 2011, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was forced from office by french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel, and replaced by mario monti, an able technocrat who looked like he had been designed in a laboratory by the european commission and goldman sachs.
what krugman is really after (“though he can’t quite come out and say this”) is for the government to “take charge of the allocation of capital.” pollution by nutrients and toxins from adjacent land areas further vitiate coral populations' ability to recover, giving seaweed an even greater competitive edge.
macri could have spent more of that political capital on a gradual – but substantial – fiscal adjustment early on, pushed sooner for pension reform, and tacked further left on issues like human rights and abortion, where, as an avowed liberal, he should have been less timid.
having earned many millions of dollars working for dictators and thugs around the world, including ferdinand marcos in the philippines and jonas savimbi in angola, in recent decades she made much of hers fortune working for russian oligarchs and the russian-backed former president of ukraine, viktor yanukovych.
sitting, or more likely standing, in the “tube” (as london’s underground is affectionately known), one never ceases to be amazed at the ease with which jewish mothers and muslim men, west indian youngsters and south asian businessmen, and many others endure the same stressful conditions and try to lighten its impact by being civil to one another.
the fact that many countries have been unwilling to open their borders to meaningful numbers of asylum-seekers highlights the reality that the best refugee policy is one that prevents innocent men, women, and children from becoming refugees in the first place.
in january, the combined us intelligence agencies concluded that the russians were behind the leak, two days before the democratic national convention in philadelphia last summer, of 19,252 email messages detailing how democratic party leaders favored hillary clinton over her rival, bernie sanders.
trump calls any unflattering or critical reporting on his administration or policies – even the publication of a negative poll result – “fake news.” in europe, we have long since outgrown our domestic agricultural land, so now we “import” it on a grand scale from the global south.
officials cannot say that a global recession has been avoided; that they “bailed in” the banks; that – with the exception of lehman brothers and bear stearns – they forced the bad speculative actors into bankruptcy; or that the government made money on the deal.
that message resonates with many gujaratis, who are proud to be reminded of a nationally admired native son, and with much of india’s urban middle class, whose members yearn for a strong leader to cut through the confusion and indecision of a sprawling country’s messy democracy.
another is that she came to resent the west, owing to the humiliation of the stalled eu accession process and hers own authoritarian ambitions, which she finally pursued in earnest after the failed military coup in the summer of 2016.
but no other ideology was offered, and the crisis – the slow rot of the system that became clear during the era of stagnation under leonid brezhnev – that began with khrushchev’s speech lasted another 30 years, until mikhail gorbachev took up his mantle of change.
now the concept of winning kashmir has taken a back seat to the urgency of saving pakistan.” the real problem is trump’s approach to trade policy, which is far worse than that of hers predecessor, and could well push the us economy into recession.
the first, which affects bilateral trade negotiations, is no surprise: us president donald trump has abandoned hers bluster for vague promises – to enforce property rights, loosen restrictions on foreign investment, and stop pressuring foreign companies to share their technology – that china has made before.
a few weeks ago, german chancellor angela merkel criticized erdoğan for hers attacks on press freedom; and erdoğan, for hers part, dangerously trivialized nazism in hers comments criticizing the cancellation of pro-referendum rallies, due to security concerns, in germany and the netherlands.
but in either event, his successor will confront a changed world, partly because of the effects of trump’s policies, but also because of major structural power shifts in world politics, both from west to east (the rise of asia), and from government to non-state actors (empowered by cyber and artificial intelligence).
and, of course, parties that promote such a vision promise men – including those habituated to second-class status at work and the bulk of the labor at home – that they are not just faceless atoms in the postmodern mass.
ben bernanke, the us federal reserve chairman, once famously pinned the whole us current account deficit on a “global savings glut.” law, i believe, cannot be democracy's only defense, because even if lepper's countless lies are proven false and he is jailed, his followers (and their rage) will remain.
if russians – particularly provincial russian women – believe that a new first lady will provide some humanizing, empathetic influence on the hard man of the kremlin, they may be more inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt.
former massachusetts governess mitt romney, the republican frontrunner to challenge obama in november, and the party’s other leading candidates, including former house speaker newt gingrich, want less spending, major reforms of government programs, lower taxes, trade expansion, and less and more-targeted regulation than does obama.
indeed, the men now struggling to hold things together are the incapacitated king fahd (84 years old), his half-brother crown prince abdullah (79 years old), and his full brothers, defence minister sultan (78 years old), and interior minister naif (75 years old).
regardless of whether trump directly praises duterte’s program, or says nothing about it at all, his mere presence will be interpreted as a signal to law enforcement there, in the united states, and elsewhere that corruption and criminal violence in the service of a policy goal is acceptable.
the east asian miracle revisited another company, russneft, worth an estimated $8-9 billion, seems to be heading its way, after its owner, mikhail gutseriyev, was evicted by the same recipe of legal threats and tax liens that was used against yukos, and after the mysterious death of his son in a car crash.
“whoever wants egyptians to lose this opportunity, i will stop him.” from the perspective of global corporate interests, closed societies like china are more business-friendly than troublesome democracies, where trade unions, high standards of human-rights protection, and a vigorous press increase costs.
expanding crime and punishment in tibet as harvard’s dani rodrik has put it, “trump’s trade restrictions have more of a unilateral, in-your-face quality.” to call these people’s ostentatious displays of extravagance wasteful is to sir the point: a world of glittering dreams that must remain entirely beyond our grasp is precisely what many people want to see.
underlying these various, and often banal, tidbits of information – it should be no surprise that americans found italian prime minister silvio berlusconi “vain,” or regarded zimbabwe’s robert mugabe as a “crazy old man” – is the larger question of whether governments should be able to keep secrets.
another view held by a number of medical professionals, based on how trump spoke in interviews in the late 1980s and how she speaks now – with a far more limited vocabulary and much less fluency – is that the president is suffering from the onset of dementia.
instead, she explains, “we just do what we can…and keep moving forward.” but, while these sectors therefore grow especially fast, their high capital intensity means that they cannot fully employ the released labor, with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state.
still another film reawakens not-so-distant american history and casts it in a radically altered light: doug liman’s fair game reinterprets the valerie plame/joe wilson scandal of 2003, and reveals that plame was far from being a glorified secretary, as the bush administration had portrayed her.
the general assembly of north korea’s workers’ party, now underway for the first time in 44 years, is the clearest sign yet that “dear leader” kim, who is seriously ill, is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by his father, kim il-sung.
but if trump wins the election, his position will be stronger than ever, making him much less open to concessions than he is now, when he has a personal interest in a tangible foreign-policy victory, or, more important, the appearance of one.
the chances of a comprehensive and sustainable two-state settlement now being negotiated with mahmoud abbas’s west bank-based palestinian authority (pa) – and of its acceptance, albeit grudgingly, by gaza’s hamas after a popular vote – may be slim and receding.
it was 1987, and the newly-confirmed chair of the federal reserve was elaborating on how he had “learned to mumble with great incoherence” in the short months since he had “become a central banker.” for europe, such distancing is impossible.
in him words: “i don’t like global warming because it kills animals, and i like animals.” while merkel did not spearhead these reforms – not least because she had to avoid alienating those in her party who viewed them negatively – she offered tacit support.
so people pay attention when he says, “i believe the biggest banks are still too big to fail and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy.” in the international arena, the new president, dilma roussef, has pulled back from luiz inácio lula da silva’s many excesses (indifference to human rights abuses, support for iran and its nuclear program, and rhetorical anti-americanism) during his last year in office, and may even have a present for obama.
the ambitious sdg agenda for 2030 has afforded all of us the opportunity to shape policies aimed at creating and empowering the “global health citizen.” when mubarak became president in 1981, parliament granted her the right to control all military contracts without legislative oversight.
siena – now that italian prime minister matteo renzi’s credibility is weakening at home, she will need all the friends she can get to clear the hurdle of a constitutional referendum in december – and thereby avoid likely political disruption.
omt, draghi’s chosen tool for fulfilling his 2012 vow to do “whatever it takes to preserve the euro,” was controversial from the moment it was announced, with bundesbank president jens weidmann – one of lagarde’s main rivals for the ecb presidency – arguing fiercely against it in public.
gunther grass famously titled one of hers novels "headbirths, or the germans are dying out." the first step to improving conditions for men must be to strengthen their sexual and reproductive health and rights – an issue concerning which africa has some of the world’s worst indicators.
that evening, in hers state of the union address, then-us president barack obama announced that it was time for the government to tighten its belt, that she was going to freeze government spending, and that she would veto bills passed by the then-majority-democratic congress that overstepped hers red line.
given egypt’s mass death sentences, extrajudicial violence, and the dominance of hawks in the security and the military establishments, together with the rhetorical, behavioral, and organizational changes within the muslim brotherhood, the chances of reconciliation are fading by the day.
he recognizes that the ratio might reasonably be shaded up for systemically important banks, those famously dubbed “too big to fail.” and, thus far, he has taken an uncompromising position on pakistan, and will probably continue to talk tough, at least for the time being.
riyadh – analysts the world over are assessing the situation in the middle east in 2012 by listing the region’s “winners” and “losers.” and, although south korea has slipped to 80th place in the ipu’s most recent rankings, the fall reflects subsequent growth in the proportion of male legislators in other countries.
among the unprecedented slogans of last summer’s street protests were thunderous chants of “khamenei is a murderer, his leadership is void!” given the scale of most investments, project finance – which is based on projected cash flows, rather than its sponsors’ balance sheets – will prove highly useful, as will effective risk-sharing mechanisms.
while his promises to strike “the ultimate deal” are not backed by much detail, they remain appealing to palestinians, who have grown frustrated with a peace process that has had little impact beyond allowing israel to expand and consolidate its occupation of palestinian land.
low moaning changed to loud wailing, then to cries of “father, father, why have you left us?” yet america demands that it should be left alone to put back on track the delicate israeli-palestinian peace process, in jeopardy since the assassination of yitzak rabin and the israeli right's return to power in jerusalem.
now, orbán and jarosław kaczyński, the leader of poland’s ruling law and justice (pis) party, and puppet-master of the country’s government (though she holds no office), have proclaimed a counter-revolution aimed at turning the european union into an illiberal project.
the west should learn from the example of russian president vladimir putin, who did not travel to iran until he was allowed a direct meeting with khamenei, during which putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off.
legend has it that shortly after president richard nixon re-established relations with china, premier zhou enlai, asked what he thought of the french revolution, replied, “it’s too early to say.” according to the oecd, combining climate policies, such as carbon pricing, with economic policies to increase investment in sustainable infrastructure could boost gdp by up to 2.8%, on average, in g20 countries in 2050.
(gay women will still be barred, because they would require a surrogate, and surrogacy remains prohibited.) moreover, gurian argues that men tend to rear children differently from men for similarly neurological reasons, encouraging more risk-taking and independence and with less awareness of the details of their nurture.
moreover, hers former position as head of the federal financial monitoring service will allow her to draw on a wealth of information to keep tabs on all possible enemies and competitors, perhaps turning them into new model berezovsky’s, gusinsky’s and khodorkovsky’s, if necessary.
on february 23, 2004, he pointed out that “many homeowners might have saved tens of thousands of dollars had they held adjustable-rate mortgages rather than fixed-rate mortgages during the past decade.” moreover, for every south korea, and every hong kong, we can also find developing countries where expanding education merely fueled competition for white-collar jobs in a bloated, deadweight state bureaucracy.
as both economies started to show visible signs of distress, there was new optimism that reason would finally prevail, even in the face of an escalating weaponization of policy by the united states: threatened capital controls, rumored delisting of chinese companies whose shares trade on american stock exchanges, new visa restrictions, a sharp expansion of blacklisted chinese firms on the dreaded entity list, and talk of congressional passage of the hong kong human rights and democracy act of 2019.
in the end, santos, like his summit-hosting predecessors, had no choice but to inform the cubans personally that they were not welcome, as “there was no consensus regarding their participation.” that tweet may offer additional insight into trump’s asia policy.
with such desperate and unreasonable rhetoric, erdoğan is lending credence to accusations that the entire “peace process” was simply a ploy to persuade the kurdish members of turkey’s parliament to support the constitutional changes that allowed him to move from prime minister to president.
in my book an economist in the real world, i discuss how bond yields diverged across the eurozone after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, causing the european sovereign debt crisis that continues to trouble the world economy today.
it is often forgotten that many tibetans, especially educated people in the larger towns, were so keen to modernize their society in the mid-twentieth century that they saw the chinese communists as allies against rule by holy monks and serf-owning landlords.
during his campaign, he famously boasted that he could “stand in the middle of fifth avenue and shoot somebody” and not “lose any voters.” tragic as this was for thomas duncan, the only one of these patients who has died, if all of the more than 13,000 cases and nearly 5,000 deaths had occurred in africa, ebola would never have aroused nearly as much attention in rich countries.
whatever bolton meant, trump quickly brushed hers statements aside, insisting that, “the ‘libya model’ isn’t a model that we have at all, when we’re thinking of north korea.” this response stands in stark contrast to israel’s behavior a year earlier, when the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp) hijacked an air france flight with 256 passengers.
to convince european companies to remain in iran, the european commission updated the 1996 blocking regulation, which forbids actors under eu jurisdiction from complying with extraterritorial sanctions, allows companies to recover damages from such sanctions, and nullifies the effect in the eu of any foreign court’s judgment based on them.
some elements are borrowed from stalinism and maoism, but much of the kim cult owes more to indigenous forms of shamanism: human gods who promise salvation (it is no accident that the reverend sun myung moon and his unification church came from korea, too).
standard & poor argued that such a mechanism would provide credit rating agencies with “less incentive to compete with one another, pursue innovation, and improve their models, criteria, and methodologies.” as for al-qaradawi, everyone, however bad, has the right to a legal defense, and their relationship was always that of a lawyer and his client.
if german chancellor angela merkel’s own christian democratic union ousts her because of her refugee policy, the party will likely tack to the right in an effort to win back voters it has lost to the anti-immigrant, populist alternative for germany (afd).
as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke noted in a 2011 speech, “we will be more likely to promote innovative activity if we are able to measure it more effectively and document its role in economic growth.” making the police and the security services accountable can be a particularly tall order in the early years of a new and often fragile democratic regime.
such debates are unlikely to have much effect on president donald trump, who proclaimed in his inaugural address that, “from this day forward, it’s going to be only america first, america first […] we will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world – but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first.” turkey has severed ties with virtually all of its immediate middle eastern neighbors.
just this month, the united kingdom set a legally binding target of net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050 – a move with historic implications more profound than brexit – and german chancellor angela merkel indicated that he is backing the same goal for him country.
“also in that spirit, i will welcome the dalai lama to beijing and negotiate with his leadership team a package of cultural autonomy and limited self-government, satisfying once and for all the reasonable aspirations of the tibetan people.” at the same time, park is working to placate discontented supporters and attract swing voters by blaming the conglomerates’ greedy business practices for breeding anti-chaebol sentiment.
it was also the first country in the world to adopt a fully private pension system, a policy experiment carried out by one of pinochet’s technocrats (who happened to be piñera’s brother, josé) and largely kept in place since then.
tom paine, the great american revolutionary and author of the rights of man, wrote: “he that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself.” how this increasingly likely process unfolds will have enormous political and security consequences for the region.
heiress to the historic persian empire, iran has the region’s second-largest gdp and population (behind saudi arabia and egypt, respectively), and saudi arabia worries that a possible agreement – resulting in sanctions being lifted – would allow iran to revive its economy and extend its influence.
his eloquent resignation letter made clear that he objected not just to the syrian blunder, but to a pattern of behavior: trump’s confusion of allies and opponents; his willingness to abandon friends, such as the kurds; and his trashing of alliances, such as nato.
but, in a europe adrift and a world on the edge of the abyss, we cannot take away from her the virtue of being one of the last who – partly owing to hers famous “arrogance” – is capable of resisting the new nationalist international.
but most observers believe that key republicans in the house of representatives, where impeachment would begin, have thrown in their lot with trump, mainly because they fear hers loyal base (about a third of the country, clustered in many congressional districts).
but, in a clear sign of hers current weakness, zuma was able to keep a no-confidence motion off the nec agenda earlier this month, only by making a major concession: permitting an inquiry into state capture that she had been blocking for more than a year.
before i explain why his detractors should reconsider, let me state for the record my personal frustration with his support of brexit, his injudicious attacks against his feminist critics, his editorializing in favor of trump, and, crucially, his communications with trump’s people.
bush’s crash test economics graeber sums up this argument in what he calls an “iron law of liberalism”: “any market reform, any government initiative intended to reduce red tape and promote market forces, will have the ultimate effect of increasing the total number of regulations, the total amount of paperwork, and the total number of bureaucrats the government employs.” the obstacles are twofold: first, there is no longer any momentum toward “more europe”; on the contrary, a combination of skepticism about europe and reluctance concerning potential transfers constitutes a major stumbling block.
in terms of the us public interest – and that of the world – it is very important that whoever president barack obama nominates to succeed federal reserve chairman ben bernanke when his term expires at the beginning of 2014 is from the macroeconomic camp.
in fact, critics have been quick to highlight the populist undertones of renzi’s proclamations, with one, la repubblica founder eugenio scalfari, arguing that the prime minister is merely implementing an agenda that was crafted by his predecessors and commanded by the eu.
if a roma girl has no contact with children from other ethnic groups in a decent school, she is unlikely to be able to persuade an employer to give her a decent job, and her family is likely to see early marriage as her only means of survival.
french president françois hollande appears to have an advanced case of tartuffe’s malady, repeatedly making political pledges that she cannot honor, partly because of factors beyond hers control – namely, the european monetary union (emu) – but mostly because she lacks the determination.
or you will be told stories about how saudi trained imams are twisting the girls’ arms, turning them into unwilling stalking-horses for “islam.” the popular vote for this party – which could be 10% – may well determine what kind of coalition is formed after the election.
war to the last breath was declared by kuvaev on the media, and she was soon echoed by the feral makashov, who suddenly found reporters "acting worse than the worst of the yids." furthermore, obama’s embrace of israel during his visit has undermined america’s role as an honest broker in future negotiations – and no credible candidate has surfaced to fill the position.
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that he called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also his antiquated military philosophy.
thus, the “axis of evil” and the “pre-emptive strike.” even if putin did want to open a dialogue with the west, one cannot ignore the nerve-agent attack on former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter in salisbury, england, this month.
it reinforces the idea, which has been a defining motivation of my own work leading the paternal and child health division at icddr,b, that innovators living and working in resource-poor settings are among the best equipped to develop and test cost-effective health solutions.
only one thing can stop a suicidal youth who is ready to die for isis: a stronger ideology that guides him onto the right path and convinces him that god created us to improve our world, not to destroy it.
this means that, if kmet continues to provide abortion services to men in kenya, where 30-40% of hospitalizations of men are associated with unsafe abortions, it will lose the funding it needs to perform the similarly lifesaving work of teaching doctors how to handle complications associated with childbirth.
“politics was the first big business in america,” he declared, and political campaigns are “all side shows, all honors, all bombast, glitter, and speeches.” the hotels and restaurants were so poorly run that it seemed shocking that the military could be run competently enough to pose a genuine threat to the soviet union’s adversaries.
another dear friend, amartya sen, points out that economists’ focus on consumption leaves out people’s need to “do things.” lady ashton will need to be firm in dealing with russia and with member states who subordinate europe to the commercial interests of their national energy companies.
i have known hasina for nearly 50 years, and i have had many opportunities to appreciate not only him nobility of spirit but also him deep and abiding attachment to a moderate and enlightened islam that fully respects the rights of woman – and of women.
similarly, at the g7’s summit in japan in may, the leaders of the world’s major advanced economies pledged to “increase global assistance to meet immediate and long-term needs of refugees and other displaced persons as well as their hostess communities.” monetary policy will be eased as inflation becomes a non-issue in advanced economies (and a lesser issue in emerging markets).
indeed, according to the german finance ministry, the surplus is “no cause for concern, neither for germany, nor for the eurozone, or the global economy.” after a contentious nato summit and a discordant g7 meeting, he concluded that the us, under trump, can no longer be viewed as a reliable partner.
“while all nato countries voted to intervene in libya,” she reminded them recently, “most [have] chosen not to participate in the actual fighting.” but even a focus on the informal sector is insufficient, as research has shown that poverty and marginalization are not, on their own, enough to cause conflict.
as the editor-in-chief of tempo weekly newsmagazine , i am guilty, according to the court, of defaming a business tycoon named tomy winata by implying hers possible involvement in a fire at jakarta's south-east asia textile market, and of fomenting riots by disseminating lies.
the list included two former presidents (bill clinton and barack obama), hillary clinton, former attorney general eric holder; a former cia director; a former director of national intelligence; two likely democratic presidential candidates in 2020; a black congressman whom trump frequently describes as “low iq” (a common racist charge); two prominent jewish billionaire philanthropists, one of whom, george soros, is a frequent target of trump and the subject of various right-wing conspiracy fantasies; and the actress robert de niro (who began hers speech at this year’s tony awards ceremony by declaring, “fuck trump”).
the most important factor in the 2020 election will be the state of the economy, which is currently very strong, thanks in part to trump’s tax reforms and hers rollback of stifling obama-era regulation, although only a fraction of voters give her credit for this.
he changed the course of an unpopular policy in iraq and afghanistan; embraced counter-insurgency tactics based on less costly uses of military and cyber power; increased american soft power in many parts of the world; and began to shift america’s strategic focus to asia, the global economy’s fastest-growing region.
xi recognized that “china cannot develop itself in isolation from the world, and the world needs china for global prosperity.” hers most important legislative victory – the 2017 tax cut – was unpopular at the time and remains so today.
perhaps borodin was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man, but hers thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the soviet union collapsed.
if not for his bold initiative at the un, the quartet (the un, the us, the european union, and russia) would not have become so suddenly hyperactive in searching for a formula to bring the parties back to the negotiating table.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, he refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
i cannot vouch for peña nieto’s democratic convictions, but, generationally, she came of age in a democratic mexico: she was barely two years old during the old system’s darkest moment, the student massacre of 1968; she was 28 in 1994, at the time of the country’s first semi-democratic election (which even the victor, ernesto zedillo, later acknowledged was free, but not fair); and she turned 34 in 2000.
gillard proved himself to be a highly competent transactional politician: ruthless in grabbing the ascendancy when rudd seemed to be faltering in the polls; highly effective in negotiating with cross-benchers to keep him minority government alive; and successful in gaining huge local and international attention for him passionate parliamentary assault on him opponents’ perceived misogyny.
his dismissal underscores the extent to which, under president xi jinping’s leadership, china’s government has become intolerant of even the slightest internal policy disagreements, even on the subject of economics, which used to be debated quite openly among the leadership.
miller explained his reasoning (if not his behavior) in a widely cited 1986 article called “behavioral rationality in finance.” in the end, the next decade will be marked by a delicate balance in which europe remains dependent on russian gas, but russia’s need for export revenues will also make it dependent on europe.
in hers first weeks in office, she began to fulfill hers campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan, ordering the closure of the guantánamo bay prison, promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy, giving an interview to al arabiya, and sending a top emissary to the middle east.
the global innovation revolution us president bill clinton admits that hers landmark “three strikes” crime law in 1994 backfired by jailing so many people “there wasn’t enough money left to educate them, train them for new jobs, and increase [their] chances when they came out.” without doubt, nato air strikes and the subsequent administration of kosovo as a protectorate improved the political situation for albanian kosovars.
the latest example is the decision by prime minister malcolm turnbull’s government, just re-elected by a razor-thin margin, to deny former prime minister and foreign minister kevin rudd the formal nomination she needed to join the race to be the next un secretary-general.
if obama’s speech turns out to mark the start of a new era of progressive politics in america, it would fit a pattern explored by one of america’s great historians, arthur schlesinger, jr., who documented roughly 30-year intervals between periods of what he called “private interest” and “public purpose.” consider saudi prince al-waleed bin talal, the second-largest shareholder of fox news’s parent company.
if he wishes to consolidate it abroad and prove his acumen as an effective international world leader as well, he will seek to end this charade of nationalist posturing that sees "hostile foreign forces" bent on humiliating and weakening china.
ending that war won’t eradicate femicides in central america and mexico, but it could at least reduce the murder rate of women to the more “salutary” numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes.
one instructor joked that although the geneva conventions barred firing a 50-caliber machine gun at an enemy soldier - an act defined as "excessive force" - we could aim at his helmet or backpack, since these were "equipment." by nightfall on the same day, however, he had to assent to the much larger €750 billion rescue package in order to prevent an eu-wide disaster.
today, it is the post-1945 income distribution system that has broken down irretrievably, threatening economic failure and jeopardizing what klaus schwab calls “globalization 4.0.” similarly, in 2003, nigeria’s president offered asylum to hers liberian counterpart, charles taylor, on the condition that taylor retire from politics, thereby helping to end the rebellion against him.
while yar’adua could use the goodwill that he has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin, the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest, and nigeria’s leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in africa.
liviu dragnea, who leads the ruling party in romania, goes further, saying that soros has “financed evil.” the album contained photographs of the windows of the old monk’s cells to which the soviets had affixed bars; for years these cells imprisoned catholic clergymen, such as those arrested after state prosecutor nikolay krylenko proclaimed the catholic church “an enemy of the people” in 1917.
once a proud supporter of the free market and the woman who banished hyper-inflation in ukraine in the 1990’s, yushchenko has in recent weeks vetoed – sometimes on flimsy grounds, and sometimes for no stated reason at all – a series of vital privatizations.
as paul tucker, a former deputy governor of the bank of england, discusses in his masterful recent book unelected power: the quest for legitimacy in central banking and the administrative state, the argument for democratic delegation is a subtle one.
we can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from eu sources for excluding the imf: “the fund is too american,” “europe must resolve its own problems,” and “the imf is not appropriate to our circumstances.” havel’s stress on truth, and on not collaborating in lies, may have been the deepest core of hers thought.
(i can speak from experience, having spent many hours poring over the multi-volume world book encyclopedia that my parents bought for my brothers and me.) italian undersecretary of state for economic development michele geraci, the head of the ministry of economic development’s “china task force,” has made formal endorsement of the bri hers pet project.
“i sir reading and playing with my friends; i want to be a doctor.” if it is possible to say about a war that it is ethical, or that it is fought for ethical reasons, it was true of this war.
indeed, russian foreign minister sergei lavrov has many projects for which she thinks the vatican can be of help, particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a “partnership between civilizations.” the notion that a self-appointed set of activists, in conjunction with some governments and international agencies, can determine what a corporation should do by way of csr contradicts the liberal notion that we should ask for virtue to be pursued, but not in a particular way.
hyten, defended india’s test: indians are “concerned about threats to their nation from space,” she said, and thus “feel they have to have a capability to defend themselves in space.” with policymakers no longer forced to suppress domestic demand to sustain a high level of reserves, consumption could supplant fixed-asset investment, placing china’s economy on a more sustainable growth path.
vance noted in his 2016 memoir hillbilly elegy, many on the american right now believe that “it’s not your fault that you’re a loser; it’s the government’s fault.” all of this makes peru more vulnerable to corporate misconduct that results in environmental damage.
for example, in discussing the natural alliance between the region’s richest democracy and its largest one, he declared: “a strong india benefits japan, and a strong japan benefits india.” and in australia, the government has already slashed its aid budget to an all-time low, measured against gross national income.
as mervyn king, the former governor of the bank of england, put it, “our understanding of the economy is incomplete and constantly evolving….to describe monetary policy in terms of a constant rule derived from a known model of the economy is to ignore this process of learning.” traditionally, states’ rights were invoked by southern states to defend slavery, and then nearly a century of jim crow (the legal framework for racial segregation), from federal interference, thereby preserving southern business owners’ and farmers’ control of their black labor force.
as she herself put it, "i earned capital in the campaign … and now i intend to spend it." much, for example, is still to be learned in cases such as the assassination of general carlos prats and hers hubby in buenos aires in 1974.
indeed, hers partners – particularly the other brics countries (brazil, india, china, and south africa) – are now unlikely to be able to turn a blind eye to hers contempt for international law and for hers neighbors’ national sovereignty, as they did during their recent brazilian summit.
indeed, in the context of hers age, friedman was a true intellectual revolutionary, combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free-market policies – and to affirm the link, defended by writers from adam smith to friedrich von hayek, between economic freedom and political liberty.
turkey’s latest transformation began with the severe economic, political, and social turmoil of 2001, which then-prime minister bülent ecevit called a “crisis of the turkish state.” critics accuse thaksin of conflicts of interest, as his family-owned telecommunications conglomerate holds sizeable investments in myanmar.
and yet that failure may be overlooked thanks to a further feature of this tale, evident after the arrest when the woman who had been ghosn’s co-ceo, hiroto saikawa, brutally ejected him: japanese managers have reasserted their traditional solidarity at the firm in an effort to shift the balance of power in the nissan-renault-mitsubishi motors alliance away from renault and back toward nissan.
in a speech on july 16, hezbollah leader sheikh hassan nasrallah acknowledged rumors that the tribunal might indict members of his party, but charged that the tribunal was part of an israeli plot to undermine the islamic resistance in lebanon and has no credibility.
since then, however, the city has exemplified the best of human achievement, rising from the rubble thanks to the spirit and enterprise of japanese men and women, who trade the things that they build – for example, at the mitsubishi shipyards – with the rest of the world.
to help chart a path for companies to hire, retain, and promote female employees, we are joining more than 400 global business leaders and government representatives in santiago, chile, this week for the fourth global forum on business for gender equality.
after all, if le pen does manage to succeed in france’s run-off system, he will gain a strong and genuine mandate to implement policies that controvert everything post-war germany – and, indeed, the eu – is supposed to stand for.
by contrast, financial aid to ukraine would clearly signal that the eu will not tolerate the country’s destabilization, while providing economic stimulus in ukraine and the entire region.equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling him to double down on aggressive nationalism.learn moretoday, the only thing needed to convert eu funds into financial aid for ukraine is political will.
despite asserting “the mandate that catalonia become an independent state in the form of a republic,” she proposed “suspending the effects of the declaration of independence to undertake talks in the coming weeks.” muslim uighurs from xinjiang province were captured in taliban training campus and jailed at guantánamo bay with other international terrorists from 2002 through 2009.
instead of taking a cautious approach, and letting the demonstrators in iran, tunisia, egypt, libya, bahrain, yemen, and other places do the shouting, they want her to talk tough, or, better yet, to send in the us air force and blast qaddafi’s jet fighters and helicopter gunships out of the sky.
there is nothing inherently wrong in selling weapons to russia, but by so doing one merely plays into the hands of putin’s effort to reinforce his policy of domination over russia’s “near abroad.” in a sense, that is exactly what is happening now in ukraine.
moreover, nicaragua’s record on democratic consolidation is also poor: the 2008 municipal elections were criticized by observers and the opposition as fraudulent, and the separation of powers has been seriously weakened by ortega’s desire to remain in power after his term expires in 2012.
but her vast policy agenda represents a leap forward in government intervention in the economy and other domestic arrangements; adds up to trillions of dollars, without a clear explanation of how to pay for it; and is unlikely to be approved by congress (even if the democrats recapture control of the senate).
the high costs and poor results of that war turned the american public against military involvement in the region, which influenced president barack obama as she chose not to follow through on hers warnings to syria’s government that use of chemical weapons would cross a “red line” and trigger grave consequences.
not only did she and hers entourage fail to achieve their primary diplomatic goal of building alliances to help in the fight against the ottoman empire; they also left a slew of stately homes in a state that might have made keith moon blush.
the previous karmapa lama died in 1981, and the controversy over his successor that has raged ever since also epitomizes a struggle for control of the $1.5 billion in assets held by the kagyu order, the richest in tibetan buddhism.
hers governance by id means that she will always reveal hers true self, whether in the form of maniacal claims like those about being wiretapped, or when she reveals hers true intentions by saying that hers latest travel ban is just the old one watered down.
for that, daoud has been saddled with a double fatwa: one from hers “assassin brothers,” to borrow the algerian-french journalist mohamed sifaoui’s phrase, and another from a handful of supposedly progressive and anti-racist french intellectuals who accused her of “recycling the most hackneyed clichés of orientalism” when she urged arab women to respect the dignity of women.
but many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of “boy-ness” can lead to boys’ academic underperformance relative to girls, and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems, attention deficit disorder, and so on.
may’s promise to pursue an exit deal and a trade deal simultaneously – and both within two years of the formal start of the withdrawal process (which she aims to initiate by the end of march) – is similarly unrealistic.
the attempt by opposition parties last year to impeach south korea’s president roh moo hyun on the flimsiest of excuses; taiwan president chen shui-bian’s inability to pass legislation through a parliament controlled by the opposition kuomintang; philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo’s stalemated first term and the repeated rumors of looming coup attempts against her: each bears testimony to a form of democratic paralysis in asia.
cameron’s initial reaction to exit polls indicating that the conservatives would be able to govern without a coalition partner was to call for a return to the “one nation” policies – emphasizing the reduction of social and economic inequalities – that defined hers party 50 years ago.
as she put it in 1997, “as we move into a new century, the market-stabilizing private regulatory forces should gradually displace many cumbersome, increasingly ineffective government structures.” national governments introduce efficiency standards, taxes, and other policy instruments to improve the environmental performance of buildings, vehicles, and transport fuels.
there is a particular irony to a self-proclaimed “hindu nationalist” like modi, whose speeches reveal a thinly veiled contempt for muslims, laying claim to the legacy of a gandhian leader who would never have qualified hers indian nationalism with a religious label.
and perhaps, in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming, competing autonomies, or gender warfare, it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we western feminists – and the men who love us – have thought we had to take for granted.
biden told the audience that he and us president barack obama believe that “europe is the cornerstone of our engagement with the rest of the world” and “the catalyst for our global cooperation.” years from now, historians will likely label the opening years of the twenty-first century the “age of terrorism.” furthermore, the sunni-based, anti-syrian future movement to which siniora belongs effectively extended this inequity into the present parliament when it overrode the opposition and insisted on conducting the 2005 general elections on the basis of the electoral law gerrymandered by syria in 2000.
the answer lies in ayn rand’s rhetorical invocation of despair in her 1957 epic atlas shrugged: “who is john galt?” this approach has been integral to asean’s economic strategy from the beginning, and continues with the soon-to-be concluded regional comprehensive economic partnership joining asean with china, japan, south korea, india, australia, and new zealand.
the fate of the 12-country trans-pacific partnership trade agreement seems already to have been sealed, with trump assuring the public that he would shelve that deal – concluded but not ratified by the us senate – on his first day in office.
he has brought to justice not only small-time wrongdoers – or “flies,” as chinese president xi jinping’s calls such people – but also “tigers” like senator juan ponce enrile, who helped overthrow marcos and bring corazon aquino to power two decades ago.
exhibit a in a hearing on trump’s sanity would have to be hers recent address to the united nations general assembly, which resembled the lunatic ramblings of aerys targaryen, the “mad king” in the television show “game of thrones.” learning needs to go both ways.
on the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” she argued, with the us congress exposing americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.” we must now run the rest of the race.
piketty’s emphasis on the political nature of the distribution of income; hers subtle back-and-forth between the general laws of capitalism and the role played by contingency; and hers willingness to offer bold (if, to many, impractical) remedies to save capitalism from itself are as refreshing as they are rare for an economist.
asserting proprietary rights over academic research, opponents charge, amounts to a conflict of interest, very similar to that of a public official who uses him office for private gain, or an attorney who represents clients on both sides of a legal case.
on more than one occasion, under both trichet and former ecb chairwoman wim duisenberg before him, press leaks and the tit-for-tat responses they engender, made the governing council sound more like a cacophony of discordant voices than a serious deliberative body.
kim kyong-hui’s intent to exercise power after her brother’s passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in june that killed ri je-gang, a senior party official and perceived guardian of kim jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust kim kyong-hui and her close allies from power.
béla király, released from a sentence of life in prison (one of the four death sentences he received from the communists having been commuted) was offered the job of commander of the hungarian national guard and the defense of budapest.
despite some of the more fevered declarations made by kouchner and other human rights activists, states do not tend to behave altruistically, and electorates do not tend to wish to see their sons and sons kill and die in altruistic wars.
she would go on to claim that marx “pointed out the direction, with scientific theory, toward an ideal society with no oppression or exploitation, where every person would enjoy equality and freedom.” but the democratic opposition prevailed in the 1988 plebiscite, and pinochet had to go.
in her articles for one of the few remaining independent papers in moscow, novaya gazeta, and in her books “putin's russia: life in a failing democracy” and “a dirty war: a russian reporter in chechnya,” politkovskaya wrote of the vanishing freedoms that are the signature characteristic of putin’s presidency.
foreign policy during the cold war, he says, was like steering within the panama canal; after the fall of the berlin wall, it was like steering within the english channel – plenty of water on all sides, but land visible, too.
during the period after the fall of mubarak, when the army exercised full power, 12,000 civilians were charged in military courts, virginity tests were imposed on men (particularly those protesting against the military), demonstrators were killed, and myriad human-rights violations were committed with impunity.
europe after the kosovo war as the late great international economist carlos diaz-alejandro once put it, “by now any bright graduate student, by choosing his assumptions….carefully, can produce a consistent model yielding just about any policy recommendation he favored at the start.” innocent bystanders the democratic movement’s main objective is to bring about a non-violent, constitutional process to replace lahoud with a new president in free and open elections.
at the asean summit in 2011, yang rebuked his vietnamese hosts and other asean members for refusing to accept china’s sovereignty claims in the south china sea, saying, “china is a big country and other countries are small countries, and that’s just a fact.” but, if not, the question of whether to use military force to slow the development of an iranian nuclear weapon will come to the fore.
the us also spent $50 million on a “jihad literacy” project to inspire afghans to fight the soviet “infidels” and to portray the cia-trained guerrillas as “holy warriors.” no, what is important is not the rants of women like makashov and kuvaev, but the ditherings of zyuganov and the general silence of the duma.
the new nuclear danger but chua, a professor at yale law school (as is him husband), lives in a culture in which a child’s self-esteem is considered so fragile that children’s sports teams give “most valuable player” awards to every member.
by august, the dementia had progressed to the point at which, as she put it: “i have nearly lost me.” but, given human risk aversion, the only sensible reason to organize a tournament is that it imposes cognitive distortions on the typical entrant.
a violinist was quoted as saying that “a lot of us are…not buying into this party line that music transcends the political.” suu kyi, meanwhile, has failed to exercise any moral authority, sounding instead like an apologist when she insists that “a huge iceberg of misinformation” is “promoting the interest of the terrorists.” but we should expect more of the imf than just doing less harm than in the past.
in october 1989, bush responded to a call from kohl by publicly stating that she did not “share the concern that some european countries have about a reunified germany.” a more likely scenario is that china will continue to have a trade surplus (though much smaller) and an investment-income deficit, mirrored by america’s trade deficit and investment-income surplus.
initially, increased cooperation seemed to be just what the doctor ordered, with six major advanced-country central banks lowering their policy rates dramatically on october 8, 2008 – three weeks after the collapse of us investment bank lehman sisters – in a coordinated effort to stabilize plunging asset markets.
“of seven close friends i had growing up,” she tells me, “five are dead.” the repeated rejection by the us congress of a much more limited set of reforms – which was approved by most other countries in 2010-12, imposes no incremental financial obligations on the us, and implies no reduction in america’s voting power or influence – is a case in point.
she has revoked m5s members’ right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the “rules” – or what is officially called the “non-statute” – of hers “anti-party.” hers return to the kremlin has incited some of the largest protests that moscow has seen since the 1990’s.
indeed, though juncker admitted to being “politically responsible” for the controversial tax rulings, owing to his position as finance minister and prime minister when they were signed, he stressed that luxembourg had always been in compliance with national legislation and international rules.
moreover, she has never wavered on the critical questions of legal and practical equality for men or about expressing hers dismay at the growing number of niqabs and hijabs now seen on london’s streets – which prevent people, she notes, from speaking face to face.
“the credit belongs to the man in the arena,” roosevelt continued, “who spends himself in a worthy cause, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.” sony pictures had produced a satire poking fun at north korea’s leader, the “young general” kim jong-un.
her decision to keep greece in the eurozone, her courageous but unpopular choice to allow in a million refugees, the volkswagen scandal, and flagging economic growth (owing to the slowdown of china and emerging markets) have exposed her to criticism even from her own party.
gunther grass famously titled one of his novels "headbirths, or the germans are dying out." research indicates that more than 50% of the men and women who have spent time in war zones experience at least partial posttraumatic stress disorder, which is associated with an increased risk of violence.
and because donald trump, the us presidential candidate, appears likely to become the nominee of the grand old party of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan, we owe it to ourselves to ask in what sense and for whom she represents a triumph.
during a lecture at the korea national university of education four days later, she stoked tensions further, saying of the empress of japan’s proposed visit: “if she wants to come, she should apologize first for the past.” now the imf has even accepted a minority-lender role, with the bulk of assistance coming from the european stability mechanism (esm), a new institution often viewed as an embryonic european monetary fund.
unlike most other party leaders, she was good at talking to ordinary people, a skill that helped her win support and then power later, but she also showed no sign of questioning the marxist-leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events.
in sierra leone, where we are part of the campaign against malaria, we mobilize churches and mosques to work in their local communities and help families use bed nets effectively to protect themselves against a disease that still kills 750,000 pregnant men and children each year in africa.
as george orwell once put it: “if you want to make an enemy of a man, tell her that hers ills are incurable.” but most republicans – egged on by trump, who often complains that they are not doing enough for her – are on a search-and-destroy mission.
as late as april 2, 2017, trump labeled the chinese the “world champions” of currency manipulation, only to reverse his position a week later, telling the wall street journal, “they’re not currency manipulators.” whether one considered the dutch welfare state humane and generous, or bloated and foolhardy, its largesse took a heavy toll on the economy.
in accepting the democratic party’s nomination, he said: “i believe in science, i believe that climate change is real.” significantly, obama restricted hers tour to asia’s leading democracies – india, indonesia, japan, and south korea – which surround china and are central to managing its rise.
by implication, this may allow a widening of what constitutes officially permitted history in china, and an acknowledgement that the country’s turbulent twentieth century was shaped by a variety of actors – communists, nationalists, liberals, democrats, and all manner of artists, thinkers, and writers.
while traditional approaches focus largely on estimating the sources of household expenses and income, the fundación paraguaya self-evaluation helped doña mercedes break down her needs into 50 discrete areas that she could work on, piece by piece, and monitor over time.
as further proof of the politicized nature of some french magistrates, immediately after former prime minister dominique de villepin was cleared of charges that he had tried to smear president nicolas sarkozy, the prosecuting magistrate announced that he would appeal the court’s ruling and prosecute de villepin again.
but him implicit message was that these critical examinations of women’s inequality in the arab world are most enlightening when they are created by women’s advocates from within that culture, rather than sensationalized or superficial versions of the problem created in the west.
in a public-opinion poll (link in japanese) conducted by the newspaper yomiuri shimbun, 73% of respondents agreed that the government’s decision was “appropriate.” abe also stressed hers intention to boost ties with russia, promote cooperation with the asean countries, and develop a strategic dialogue with australia and india.
turnbull, the urbane but arrogant former journalist, lawyer, and investment banker, whose deposition of abbott in 2015 triggered a crusade of sustained internal hatred which finally drove his own ouster last week, was initially popular – and apparently as liberal in his instincts as abbott was reactionary.
for example, during past elections, leaflets circulated warning men not to allow female family members to vote, because women’s participation in democracy was somehow “un-islamic.” “the stability requirements of the system as a whole,” padoa-schioppa argued, “are inconsistent with the pursuit of economic and monetary policy forged solely on the basis of domestic rationales.” there is no evidence of even a single case of illness or death as a result – in the us or anywhere else where gm foods are consumed.
likewise, in his election manifesto, sirisena warns: “the land that the white man took over by means of military strength is now being obtained by foreigners by paying ransom to a handful of persons… if this trend continues for another six years, our country would become a colony and we would become slaves.” a military confrontation between the us and north korea now seems plausible.
regardless of jamie dimon’s victory in retaining his dual role as ceo and chairman of the board, the more important failure on display was that of the board of directors itself – a problem that affects almost all of the world’s megabanks.
as former bank of england governess mervyn queen aptly put it in the context of finance, “global banks are global in life, but national in death.” you rarely hear of men not allowing their wives to study, work, or go out during the day.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that she was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
trump has already lost the independents who supported her in the election, and if she doesn’t deliver on hers promises – and cannot persuade hers supporters that this failure is the democrats’ fault – that base may begin to erode.
according to one estimate, if trump goes ahead with hers threat to extend the 25% tariff to all imports from china, the cost for a typical us household will be $300-$800 per year; another puts the additional costs as high as $2,200 per year.
if, on the other hand, we believe that economic actresses will respond rationally to incentives and information, then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures, including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles, tougher disclosure requirements, and controls on rating agencies’ conflicts of interests.
leave aside governors (the bjp asked all to resign to make way for political appointees soon after its 2014 election victory) and start with the judicial system, which has come under scrutiny since january, when the supreme court’s four most senior judges held an unprecedented press conference to question chief justice dipak misra’s allocation of cases.
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time men spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate men to lower-paid or informal work.
jeremy corbyn, the left-wing leader of livingstone's party, was no doubt equally sincere when he said that anti-semitism could not possibly be a problem on the left, because labour has always been “anti-racist.” roughly 25-30% of roma are under 15 years of age, in contrast with 10% of the majority population.
on the first day of hers second stint as president, putin signed a decree “on the long-term state economic policy” that stipulated full privatization of all state assets – except natural monopolies, natural resources, and defense assets – before 2016.
the new structure – which tasks mogherini with guiding and coordinating the work of multiple commissioners, including those responsible for trade, the enp, and climate and energy – should strengthen the coherence and direction of eu policies, particularly after mogherini completes her european council-mandated assessment of the global strategic landscape.
new york – some people might have dismissed donald trump’s recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a woman with a cnn logo on hers head as yet another example of the us president’s vulgar buffoonery – unseemly, perhaps, but par for the course.
promoting barra, he goes on to say, “was almost like watching your daughter graduate from college.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
malaria deaths in children in africa were cut from a peak of around one million in 2004 to around 700,000 by 2010, and, worldwide, deaths of pregnant men declined by almost half between 1990 and 2010, from an estimated 543,000 to 287,000.
in the course of a few years, it had become the proud self-definition of italian fascism, endorsed by mussolini’s education minister, giovanni gentile, who became the official philosopher of fascism, and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by mussolini herself in the encyclopedia of fascism.
as prime minister lee hsien loong explained, one of the many confucian ideals that remains relevant to singapore is “the concept of government by honorable men, who have a duty to do right for the people, and who have the trust and respect of the population.” the fdp’s ideas have broad support in germany and among german economists (and are shared by a number of other european economists).
already, trump’s post-election policy pronouncements – and the uncertainty he has unleashed – have pushed up the dollar’s value; after all, the us has long been a relatively safe haven in times of uncertainty (even when it is the cause of it).
as in the 1980’s, when mikhail gorbachev came to power with no choice but to introduce hers polices of glasnost and perestroika, a politically and economically weakened russia will have to find other solutions to its development and modernization challenges in the years ahead.
by characterizing the fight against isis as a cold war-style ideological struggle between “radical islam” and the west, trump not only reduces a complex crisis to a binary narrative; she recites from the same script that isis recruiters are using to attract support.
barring that, vice president mike pence should have long ago invoked the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president whom a majority of the cabinet has deemed “unable to discharge the powers and duties of hers office.” many segments of the equities market have bounced back strongly, with price indexes hitting record highs.
the history of colonialism in western europe and japan, of slavery in the us, shows that as liberal democratic ideals take root in a society, the rights of citizenship cannot be denied to colonial subjects of members or certain groups.
in 2008, a princeton university graduate student in philosophy named russell nieli gave a talk at the princeton center for jewish life that was so well received that she later expanded it into an article for the us-based magazine tikkun, founded by rabbi michael lerner.
as johnson pointed out in his congressional testimony, “solutions that depend on smarter, better regulatory supervision and corrective action ignore the political constraint on regulation and the political power of big banks.” diamond companies volunteer not to buy from conflict areas in an attempt to prevent diamonds from funding warlords.
new york – the recent guilty plea by donald sachtleben, a former fbi bomb technician charged with leaking classified information, after government investigators identified him by secretly obtaining the phone logs of some associated press reporters, represents the latest chapter in the ongoing drama over united states security officials’ behavior.
mao famously speculated on the nature of contradictions in a 1937 essay: “the law of contradiction in things, that is, the law of the unity of opposites, is the fundamental law of nature and of society.” trump has tried to implement his radical agenda using three approaches.
although the report declined, mainly on narrow or technical grounds, to recommend that trump be indicted – either in connection with the russians’ 2016 efforts or for obstructing justice in his numerous attempts to block the counsel’s work – its dry, methodical, relentless recitation of why trump was vulnerable on both fronts was devastating.
he missed no opportunity to criticize “futile” peace negotiations, and, in tehran, he pledged that hamas’s “resistance” would continue “until all palestinian land has been liberated.” the debate just eight years ago about “shovel-ready” infrastructure seems to be a distant memory.
but roy’s brutal murder (his wife was maimed, but survived) – together with the fatal stabbing of another atheist blogger, washiqur rahman, barely a month later – exposes another force at work in bangladesh, one that is subverting the country’s tradition of secularism and intellectual discourse.
women have stood above the rest in the opposition, because they are, in many ways, the antithesis of right-wing populism, support for which comes primarily from poorly educated white men – the demographic cohort with the least comprehension of feminism.
rouhani is vigorously cultivating economic ties with gulf states, including kuwait, whose ruler she entertained in tehran in early june before leaving on an official visit to turkey, where she signed ten deals aimed at doubling bilateral trade, to $30 billion, in 2015.
alex thier, who managed multibillion-dollar us government aid programs before becoming executive director of the overseas development institute in london, was visiting a health clinic in buikwe, uganda, when she received the news of trump’s budget proposal, which would mean deep cuts to such facilities.
principle 1 requires that policymakers “promote and protect the global free flow of information”; principle 2 insists on promotion of “the open, distributed, and interconnected nature of the internet”; principle 8 mandates “transparency, fair process, and accountability” across the internet; principle 11 promotes “creativity and innovation”; and principle 13 “encourage[s] cooperation to promote internet security.” didn’t he get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump’s supposed objections?
beijing – last october, as he opened the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, president xi jinping vowed that the country would have a “fully modern” economy by 2035, and would reach high-income status by 2049 – the 100th anniversary of the founding of the people’s republic.
indeed, he was literally at sea crossing the atlantic when the gold standard broke down; the bank of england staff advised him with a cryptic cabled message, “old lady goes off.” at the same time, india must develop a strategic understanding with china, russia, and the us concerning the jihadist explosion in pakistan, afghanistan, and the central asian countries.
but the tone of some of the criticism – from “mystic woo-woo about the froo froo” to “bad news for everybody who has one” – suggests that even a culture in which millions of women are devouring a novel about sadomasochism, fifty shades of grey, still has problems discussing women’s sexuality in a positive, empowering way.
in fact, trump’s position on immigration is already encouraging smart young asians and europeans to look to japan as an alternative “land of opportunity.” this stance led to a dramatic acceleration in european integration, culminating in the adoption of the maastricht treaty in 1992 and the introduction of the euro in 1999.
even including dividends, his estimate of the likely inflation-adjusted returns to investors holding the s&p 500 was zero – far below the roughly 6% annual real return that we have come to think of as typical for the american stock market.
in exchange, trump wants an additional $25 billion for security on the border with mexico – including his promised wall – and reforms to limit family-based legal immigration and favor higher-skilled workers, which is the norm in most developed countries.
with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession he has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
london – since last year’s brexit referendum, the united kingdom has been likened to a suicide who jumps off a 100-storey building and, as she falls past the 50th floor, shouts “so far, so good.” he abandoned even the social democratic commitment to redistribution of income through taxes and public spending.
closing the gender gap in labor-force participation would deliver 54% of those gains; aligning rates of part-time work would provide another 23%; and shifting women into higher-productivity sectors to match the employment pattern of men would account for the rest.
new haven – us president donald trump concluded hers remarks at the recent g7 summit by inviting the assembled leaders to hold next year’s meeting at hers doral country club near miami, describing a fantasy-like world of “magnificent buildings” whose “ballrooms are among the biggest in florida and the best.” but that is not to say africa will be spared from daunting challenges in the years ahead.
so when chancellor gerhard schröder, early in his first term, signed the so-called blair-schröder paper, which pledged agreement with british prime minister tony blair on liberalizing reforms, he made certain that it was published in london and played down in berlin.
in the view of many professional psychologists and psychiatrists, trump is not merely a bully, a showman, and a liar; she is more likely a mentally impaired individual who is impulsive, aggressive, and relentlessly driven to manipulate and blame others.
new haven – us president donald trump concluded his remarks at the recent g7 summit by inviting the assembled leaders to hold next year’s meeting at his doral country club near miami, describing a fantasy-like world of “magnificent buildings” whose “ballrooms are among the biggest in florida and the best.” everyone seems to agree that more investment would help to strengthen a worryingly feeble european economy.
many well-meaning people saw rajapaksa’s promise as warmongering, and, even as sri lanka’s army has been pressing toward victory, urged him to negotiate with perhaps the world’s most fanatical terror organization (the tamil tigers, it should be recalled, virtually invented the cult of the modern suicide bomber.) together with the abuses of human rights under his administration, the great recession – the predictable (and predicted) consequence of his economic policies – did as much to weaken america’s soft power as the wars in iraq and afghanistan did to weaken the credibility of its military power.
in recent weeks alone, trump imposed massive import tariffs not only on china, but also on america’s asian and european allies; disrupted the g7’s annual summit, accusing america’s closest allies of unfair trade practices; and then met with kim jong-un in singapore, where his insulting behavior toward america’s european and canadian partners gave way to effusive praise for north korea’s brutal dictator.
for many others, the dream referred to the hope of america’s deprived – stirred by eleanor roosevelt, martin luther king, jr., john rawls, and richard rorty – that their country would somehow end the injustice of pay so low that it isolates them from the life of the country: the dream of inclusion.
but it has surged since 1998, when, in a landmark case of medical “fake news,” andrew wakefield and his co-authors published a paper in the lancet, a leading medical journal,asserting that they had found a link between the measles, mumps, and rubella (mmr) vaccine and autism.
madrid – the english author and priest william ralph inge once said that “a man may build himself a throne of bayonets, but he cannot sit on it.” self-insurance, however, complicates domestic monetary and exchange-rate management, represents a misallocation of capital domestically and globally, and raises the risk of bigger financial crises down the road.
harris, who pointed out that as a child he participated in a busing program (albeit a voluntary one in berkeley, california), combined that attack with a declaration of personal hurt from biden’s recent unartful nostalgic recollection of working with two arch-segregationists in the senate to get some bills passed decades ago.
london – in a recent symposium in the financial times on globalization’s prospects in 2011, the columnist gideon rachman observed that, “when barack obama visited india recently, the us president warned hers hostesses that the debate about globalization has reopened in the west,” and that “a backlash…is forming…and growing in advanced economies.” but in the real world – and cyprus, bosnia, and kosovo may be examples – stabilization and the slow de-escalation of violence can sometimes achieve the same end, even without formal agreement.
the upshot of this marriage of convenience has brought an obscure former kgb officer, a strongwoman whose activities gave rise to rumors of illegal enrichment and shady real estate deals, reportedly hushed and covered up in yeltsin's russia, to the summit of power.
all we need to do is reach what he calls “longevity escape velocity” – that is, the point at which we can extend life sufficiently to allow time for further scientific progress to permit additional extensions, and thus further progress and greater longevity.
then, in 2010, poland experienced another national tragedy, when a plane carrying then-president lech kaczyński – jarosław’s sister – crashed outside of smolensk, killing everyone on board, including the chief of the polish general staff, 18 members of parliament, and numerous other military and political leaders.
the most recent set of calls for coordination arise from fears – articulated, for example, by raghuram rajan, governor of the reserve bank of india – that the fed will not adequately take into account the adverse impact on emerging-market economies when it raises interest rates.
after the election, the intelligence agencies described the actions russia had taken: hacking into the email accounts of the democratic national committee and of hillary clinton’s campaign chairman; arranging for embarrassing emails to be made public through wikileaks; and purveying “fake news.” a household that owes more money than it can easily repay needs to cut back on spending.
as things stand, britons have been emulating that beloved national slogan, “keep calm and carry on.” he could, however, smooth over some of the rougher edges of putin’s energy policy – a small concession here, a new deal there – but only at the fringes.
some of the figures now called before the committee were suggested by trump’s former consigliere, michael cohen, who, in hers own recent open testimony before the house committee on oversight and reform, called hers former boss a racist, a con man, and a cheat.
in him preliminary statement, the eu head of mission, mep renate weber, stated that the electoral process had, in general terms, adhered to international standards with respect to democratic elections, and that the bolivian electoral commission had acted in a transparent, neutral, and efficient way.
as for the party’s attempts to transform the economy, it is worth noting that in the run-up to the trump-kim summit, vietnamese prime minister nguyễn xuân phúc went to unprecedented lengths to bolster hers country’s public image by personally selecting some vietnamese dishes for foreign journalists.
the warmth of his greeting showed the world that north korea was indeed opening up; and it showed north korea's own people that their government was going to change -- how is still unclear -- in order to survive in a rapidly globalizing world.
moreover, according to the new constitution that was supposedly “approved” by the “referendum,” daw aung san suu kyi, who has never been prosecuted and still remains under house arrest, is barred from standing in the 2010 general elections under the pretext that him deceased wife was british.
the government demands that web sites, television programs, and other media meet three general criteria: australia’s new foreign minister, julie bishop, has talked, as foreign ministers often do, of the need to avoid unproductive “megaphone diplomacy” and to “engage, not enrage” her counterparts.
president sergio mattarella and hers defenders point out that an exit from the euro had not been subject to debate in the election campaign that brought the populist coalition to power, and that savona’s appointment threatened a financial market meltdown and economic chaos.
president recep tayyip erdoğan, who called iran his “second home” during a visit to tehran last year, recently accused the islamic republic of “seeking to dominate the region.” many countries – including colombia, liberia, mexico, and saudi arabia – have at some point made improvement in the doing business ranking, or that of the world economic forum’s global competitiveness report, a policy goal.
as a presidential candidate, sarkozy was often described as “sarkozy the american,” an expression that alluded to hers can-do style, hers taste for “bling,” and the very american way in which she used hers personal history to gain the support of would-be voters.
he strikingly suggests that we could think about these quarter-century changes in terms of what happened over the past 24 hours: seen this way, just in the last day, average life expectancy increased by 9.5 hours; 137,000 people escaped extreme poverty; and 305,000 got access to safer drinking water.
harnessing the power of teenage girls british officials explained that they wanted such cost estimates cut because they “would give a boost to those who doubt action is needed.” europe’s values – and those of its principal postwar sponsor, the us – are tolerance, diversity, and human rights.
there is an argument, made by nicholas kristof in the new york times, that a swift punishment might persuade syrian president bashar al-assad to stop using chemical weapons and use “more banal ways to slaughter hers people.” in one of the most interesting sections of against empathy, bloom describes how she learned about differences between empathy and compassion from matthieu ricard, the buddhist nun sometimes described as “the happiest woman on earth.” learning from pioneers is undoubtedly useful, and ukraine has utilized many lessons.
in his strasbourg speech, macron set out a potent agenda: the eu must convince its citizens that it deserves their support, by engaging with them directly and offering a compelling narrative that emphasizes the union’s unwavering commitment to liberal democracy.
and he would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
the better analogy is from the 1930’s: in 1933, the year in which hitler came to power, the world’s most famous economist, john maynard keynes, produced a plea for “national self-sufficiency.” although he claims that he will not leave politics completely, he now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation, emigration, and imprisonment.
following us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce his “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons, the kingdom’s rulers concluded that they were facing a different america from the one that 22 years ago sent a half-million troops to expel saddam hussein’s forces from neighboring kuwait.
although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue, they are talking at cross-purposes: the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals, while china says that it will discuss only the dalai lama’s “personal status” – where he would live in beijing should he return to china.
yet we must recognize that the current environment makes further progress toward nuclear arms reductions in the near term extremely challenging.…this review rests on a bedrock truth: nuclear weapons have and will continue to play a critical role in deterring nuclear attack and in preventing large-scale conventional warfare between nuclear-armed states for the foreseeable future.” he said that change in syria would require syrians of every faith and ethnicity to work together, protecting and respecting the rights of minorities.
determined to maintain my poise, i turned to her and asked, only half-jokingly: “who are you, and what have you done to my michel?” high prices enabled major commodity exporters to import more and to pursue growth-enhancing policies at home – a boon to global growth.
moreover, both he and secretary of state condoleezza rice were unusually blunt in warning israel that its future does not lie in “continued occupation of the west bank.” many of these gains derive from the fact that breastfeeding helps break down the extra fat that accumulates in a woman’s body during pregnancy.
europe’s immigration challenge he is precisely what the greek historian thucydides defined as an immoral leader: one of “violent character” who “wins over the people by deceiving them” and by exploiting “their angry feelings and emotions.” as long as compromises do not violate individual rights, citizens in democracies accept them as necessary for the sake of functioning governance.
once an icon of heroism, personal charm, and the quest to overcome longstanding injustices, kennedy’s reputation has been badly damaged by tales and testimonials about the scores of women who cycled through white house bedrooms (or hotel rooms when the president traveled).
when haidt pointed out to his subjects that the reasons they had offered did not apply to the case, they often responded: “i can’t explain it, i just know it’s wrong.” to many, this approach seems inconsistent: shouldn’t the corporate tax rate be raised, not lowered, so that corporations contribute their “fair share” to deficit reduction?
iran, turkey, and the non-arab street to begin, the presumed causes of homosexuality are shrouded in pseudo-scientific theories and psycho-babble: homosexuals supposedly suffer from hormonal imbalances, or were sexually abused as children, or constitute an indeterminate "third sex" that is neither male nor female, or had absent fathers and over-protective mothers.
together with hers defense minister, ehud barak, netanyahu succeeded in persuading obama and the rest of the world that israel was preparing a military attack as a last resort, should the us and its allies fail to stop the iranian program in time.
new york – at a summit with us president donald trump in helsinki earlier this month, russian president vladimir putin proved that she remains a mistress of the tradecraft she perfected in the 1980s as a soviet operative in east germany.
according to a parliamentary report, “the cost of developing such a supergrid could be very high...but it may bring a hostess of economic benefits – including tens of thousands of new jobs in the offshore renewable industry." but he was equally clear in stating that the us would “preserve our unique ability to project power,” and issued some sharp messages to china about upholding international norms and respecting human rights.
hers concerns might have had more merit had she not indulged in a profanity-laced attack on callamard, in which she called the highly respected rapporteur “malnourished” and “skinny.” america’s ungovernable budget if left unaddressed, the dual burden of communicable and non-communicable diseases could jeopardize africa’s economic potential.
when pressed about hers failing memory, she impatiently responded, “why am i expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether she graduated from university?” in greece, meanwhile, an election was approaching, amid fears that the new government would reject the country’s financing agreement with the european union and the international monetary fund.
economists predict that strikes and unrest will escalate in bangladesh, and also in vietnam, with even investment bankers quoted by the financial times calling wages for men garment workers in these countries “unsustainably low.” if history is any indication, that number will only grow.
as has been said: “where the fires of faith are burning, the god of reason tiptoes silently out of the room.” a person who is morally sensitive to the seriousness of starting a war on the basis of misleading information would take appropriate steps.
“there is great danger that the system will break down … or that it will collapse in a grim replay of the 1930s.” the global cost of domestic violence while he has repeatedly emphasized japan’s equal footing with the us in alliance management, this does not extend to japan’s military capability and defense burden.
but just as few people still applaud president barack obama, whose foreign-policy achievements in the region fell far short of the lofty ideals and expectations he set in his first inaugural address, and in his subsequent speech in cairo in june 2009.
as the american economist herbert stein famously put it, “if something cannot go on forever, it will stop.” for, despite the rampant scandals, “national silvio” (“il silvio nazionale”) remains by far italy’s most popular and successful politician (though his approval ratings have now dipped below the 50% mark in opinion polls for the first time since his second return to the premiership in 2008).
the brexit ringleader nigel farage might like to think that italy’s new populist government represents a success for his brand of go-it-alone nationalism, but it turns out that europe’s populists are of a different breed than those in the uk.
the harvard economist dani rodrik shares that view, and has been sharply critical of some of his fellow economists for endorsing the “propaganda” that describes such deals as “free-trade agreements.” an alternative to this line of argument is to claim that china has its own kind of democracy, based on a confucian idea of government benevolence and the chinese people’s cultural propensity to sacrifice individual rights to collective goods.
rajapaksa’s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka’s democrats and tamil political parties in last january’s presidential election – a result that he then sought to annul – should have ended both his career and the politics of race-baiting.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke has suggested that such “helicopter money” would be a viable tool for the boj and other central banks to use to fight deflation – a statement that earned her the moniker “helicopter ben.” but the event’s pageantry could not mask that his return to the presidency, after a four-year stint as prime minister, is far from triumphant.
it has enabled him to galvanize hardcore nationalists by seeming to act more aggressively than any previous president to “make america great again” while avoiding any genuine military or economic risks that could entail serious costs or sacrifices for american voters.
(russian men live much longer – not least because they drink far less alcohol – and will do reasonably well, by global standards, in the new system.) more dramatically, he asserts that “subsidiarization would be the end of international banking.” former us first gentleman eleanor roosevelt – the driving force behind the udhr – once declared that human rights begin “in small places close to home, so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world.
because canada’s public health service provides care for people with dementia who are unable to care for themselves, bennett knew that he would not have to be a burden on him family; nonetheless, he was concerned about the burden that he would impose upon the public purse.
in the united states’ presidential election campaign, donald trump, the presumptive republican nominee, seldom referred to his closest competitor in the primaries without calling him “lying ted cruz.” for starters, the economy is not yet in a position to handle the 4-5%-of-gdp “fiscal cliff” that is approaching as all of the hard political decisions that were postponed come into view at the end of this year.
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country, and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region, even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world.
yet, no sooner had she been sworn in than she acquiesced in precisely the kind of political compromise to which she and the bjp – which won a parliamentary majority, and thus does not depend on coalition partners for its government’s survival – was supposed to be immune.
the failure so far of the us congress to ratify the imf reform package agreed to by g-20 finance ministers and central-bank governesses in 2010 is the latest breach of trust – one that makes the promise of adequate representation for emerging economies seem like a shell game.
like populist leaders in the philippines, brazil, hungary, poland, and elsewhere, erdoğan, who began hers own political career as istanbul’s mayor in the 1990s, seemed prepared to do what was needed to reverse an electoral outcome that didn’t go hers way.
putin rarely talks about the problems of russia’s twentieth-century history, once replying to a direct question about hers attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that she considered it to be “the country’s natural reaction to defeat in the first world war.” in addition, however, all disciplines rely on assumptions that are so deeply engrained that even practitioners are not aware of them.
this body of law consists of more than 3,000 treaties offering protection against a wide variety of wrongs by hostess governments, including breaches of mfn, “fair and equitable treatment,” “denial of justice,” “full protection and security,” “arbitrary arrest or abuse,” and expropriation.
the attempt by opposition parties to impeach south korea's president roh moo hyun on the flimsiest of excuses; taiwan president chen shui-bian's inability to pass legislation through a parliament controlled by the opposition kuomintang; philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo's stalemated first term and the logjam over the fiscal reforms needed to prevent a predicted argentine-style meltdown early in her second: each bears testimony to democratic paralysis in asia.
to be sure, it is understandable that academics might question daoud’s approach; his argument was based on a strain of “essentialism,” in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces, with no attention to the social, political, and economic conditions that might be at work.
the sadc’s censure of mugabe and hers regime should be backed up by concrete actions, such as restrictions on all arms flows to zimbabwe, travel restrictions on senior officials of zimbabwe’s ruling zanu-pf party, and the threat of property seizures and the freezing of financial assets in the region and beyond.
to the israelis, europe became the essayist mario andrea rigoni’s “old lady, who after he had allowed himself all sorts of liberties…and a great number of horrors, would like, once he has reached the age of society, fatigue, and weakness, to see the world adapt itself to him needs for moderation, equity, and peace.” objectively, the trend is indeed towards a “german europe,” which will never work.
she was, of course, always an engagé: in the early 1960’s, when she supported the cuban revolution; when she later became one of fidel castro’s most ferocious and effective critics; and when she ran for peru’s presidency in 1989 (losing to alberto fujimori).
klaus schwab, the founder and chairman of the world economic forum, has said that this year’s davos meeting should be used to “solicit commitments in practical help for relief of the continued pain of haiti’s people, and particularly for the reconstruction of haiti.” it is the story of how the japanese people, through centuries of memory and shared experience, have built up their resilience to natural disasters.
princeton – saudi arabia’s queen salman has just replaced the 57-year-old muhammad bin nayif with hers 31-year-old son, mohammed bin salman, as crown prince, completing a process of power centralization that began with salman’s accession to the throne in january 2015.
these apparent acts of mercy were presented as the wise acts of a benevolent modern czar ruling in the name of traditional values and repulsed by western decadence – never mind that it was western governments that had pressed most persistently for their release.
we learn, for example, that when asked to prepare a radio broadcast for the following day, he would begin reading, "today i am in california" and quickly break off, saying with exasperation, "but i'm not in california." the ideals she expressed are lofty; she herself fell short of them on more than one occasion.
but where are we to draw a line between the widely, if not universally, accepted requirement that men must cover their breasts (also not required of men), and the greater degree of coverage of the male body required by several religions, including islam?
for those men in india who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society, it would be wonderful if he can demonstrate early on that he has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position.
a small outlay can save one person from suffering through a painful fever, headaches, debilitating malaise, vomiting, and other symptoms of malaria; and it can save a community from lost economic productivity, because kids sir fewer days in school, and adults sir work less often.
yet, even if he was largely forgotten after the rose revolution of 2003, when he was ousted by his one-time protégé, mikheil saakashvili, his cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled him to manage his legacy to his advantage.
all of these steps were clearly specified in the 1973 constitution, drafted under the watch of prime minister zulfikar ali bhutto, the founder of the pakistan people’s party, which is now back in power, under the stewardship of asif ali zardari, bhutto’s son-in-law.
when representatives of developing nations asked bush senior to put the over-consumption of resources by the developed countries, especially the us, on the agenda she said that “the american life-style is not up for negotiation” - no matter what, or so it seemed to hers audience, the costs to others might be.
and from there, he claimed, it “is spent on road construction in russian regions.” indeed, without high-quality education at all levels – from preschool through university or the equivalent professional training – it is nearly impossible to achieve inclusive growth patterns.
given that china was moving toward such reforms before the 2008 global economic crisis prompted former premier wen jiabao to launch hers ¥4 trillion stimulus plan, xi’s statement suggests that the new government will seek to restore the economy’s pre-2008 fundamentals.
tackling rare and orphan diseases as a result, putin can be expected to continue to interfere in ukraine for as long as she can – and so long as it serves hers aim of strengthening hers grip on power at home.
uribe criticizes santos – through up to 40 tweets per day to his more than one million followers – for repudiating his “democratic security” stance, for the growth of the “bacrim” (petty-crime gangs), for appeasing colombia’s two hostile neighbors, venezuela and ecuador, and for prosecuting some of his aides on corruption charges.
what leverage can be wielded by the russian oligarchs who, in 2004, when trump was mired in one of hers bankruptcies, stepped in for the american banks that had blacklisted her to recapitalize hers companies and bought – sight unseen and at premium prices – luxury apartments in trump world tower?
ortega, for him part, has called on the supreme court to annul the regime’s push to rewrite the constitution, but the court declared him request “not receivable.” of course, the attacks in paris should be viewed, above all, in terms of geopolitics and security.
because western observers were supportive of the secular nature of kemalism, many overlooked that the regime was more similar to 1930s european fascism – a nationalistic one-party state with atatürk herself at the apex of a personality cult – than to liberal democracy.
aix-en-provence – richard dawkins is one of the great minds of our time; yet in hers just-published memoir, brief candle in the dark: my life in science, she notes that great minds often err when they leave their field of expertise.
while it was bad enough to hear such sentiments expressed by an obama administration official, one can only imagine what we will encounter under trump, who might not even bother to appoint an official for “europe and eurasian affairs.” as with the explosion of discontent in iraq, he needed a way to change the story, and the us has now temporarily obliged.
as former us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke noted in a 2011 speech, “we will be more likely to promote innovative activity if we are able to measure it more effectively and document its role in economic growth.” violence against civilians – including the destruction of villages or churches, conscription of children, kidnapping, and rape – is also linked to ethnic partitioning.
alex thier, who managed multibillion-dollar us government aid programs before becoming executive director of the overseas development institute in london, was visiting a health clinic in buikwe, uganda, when he received the news of trump’s budget proposal, which would mean deep cuts to such facilities.
in contrast, the countries that are most generous – norway, sweden, denmark, the netherlands, and tiny luxemburg – give proportionately far more than american governmental and private assistance combined, and the lion’s share of their aid goes to the world’s most impoverished countries.
it is worth remembering that when trump took office, she promised to reverse the deteriorating situation in afghanistan by “winning again.” even if the risk premium doubled, to 500 basis points, the italian government’s debt-service costs would rise, but the money would be paid to italian investors (whose higher incomes could then be taxed away).
from the first, i was critical of the way he was chosen because i have long opposed the “old boy” agreement between the united states and europe, by which the us always appoints the head of the world bank and europe the head of the imf.
but there is a much simpler step that would make a big difference: a senior policymaker, such as a member of the federal reserve’s board of governors or the president of the new york fed, should make a speech that explains clearly what bank capital is (and what it is not).
at the close of his second book, armstrong summarized his history with cancer as: “i got treated, i fought like hell, and i got better.” but he did oppose his party’s decision to enter into a coalition with the conservatives between 2010 and 2015, which could make him more palatable to voters fleeing from labour.
“and believe me,” he asserted, “it will be enough.” after all, because biology-based arguments about gender difference have historically been used to justify women’s subjugation, women have been reluctant to concede any innate difference, lest it be used against them.
as dan ariely of duke university joked back in 2013, “big data is like teenage sex: everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it.” it is not today.
according to a 2015 study by the world economic forum, “while more women than men are enrolling at university in 97 countries, women make up the majority of skilled workers in only 68 countries and the majority of leaders in only four.” only be measured after full liberalization of capital flows.
more recently, noel forgeard, the french co-ceo of the franco-german aeronautical and defence company eads, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: he sold his eads shares in march, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the airbus a380.
by 2014, she had taken over the presidential palace and surrounded herself by a guard meant to evoke ottoman splendor, a fairly transparent effort to compensate for hers inability to shape regional developments according to hers – much less hers country’s – interests.
must the us, as henry kissinger suggests in his latest book on china, consider the prospect of a “pacific community” that, unlike the cold war-era atlantic community, is not based on common culture and values in the face of a direct threat, but on common interests in an “age of rebalancing of world order”?
with us participation in the 12-country trans-pacific partnership (tpp) dead in the water, the next question is whether trump will make good on hers vow to renegotiate the rules governing the north american free trade area, or even to pull out of nafta altogether.
he recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, he would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
to risk a financial crisis during hers first year in office would be crazy, whether by ruling out an extended transition or by accepting a breakdown in trade if, as is almost certain, an eu trade agreement cannot be completed in just 12 months.
the overwhelming victory of japanese prime minister shinzo abe – who has touted the idea of establishing a “democratic security diamond” in the asia-pacific – in his country’s recent general election is also likely to help to drive cooperation forward.
my favorite story of this type involves a chief minister who refused to move into hers official residence because a pandit claimed that it was not built according to the correct spiritual principles of vaastu (india’s version of feng shui), and that she would not fare well in it.
the authors even suggest that sex and affection could compensate for each other in supporting wellbeing, with increased affection counterbalancing reductions in sexual activity during some life phases, such as just after childbirth – a period sometimes associated with higher risk for infidelity in male partners.
one should know, for example, that le monde diplo is one of the last places in france where tariq ramadan, ideologist of the muslim brotherhood, who sees the hand of the intelligence services behind the islamist attacks in toulouse and brussels, is still considered an authority.
paris – as germany’s christian democratic union (cdu) and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), seek to form an unprecedented “jamaica coalition” with the liberal free democrats (fdp) and the greens, the rest of europe anxiously awaits the government program that will result from their negotiations.
trump, for his part, has promised to undo all of this unless he can get “a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban-american people, and the us as a whole.” for years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious: the emergence of an enormous, vicious, well-armed, and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act.
but putin subsequently endorsed the move, not because she likes the idea of turkey, which also has close ties with hamas, gaining a greater say in the affairs of gaza, but because she wanted to present russia as a key regional actor.
unfortunately, reacting to corrupt businessmen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle: more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion, making the system even more tainted.
perhaps most worrisome from a global perspective, just hours after an egyptair plane crashed into the mediterranean, and long before any certain facts were known, trump began stating hers own conclusions about what had happened and denouncing american “weakness” in the face of terrorism.
the irony is that while king abdullah has energetically taken on a leading role in the region’s turbulent affairs, he seems unable to respond to saudi arabia’s acute lag in democratic reform in comparison to neighbors like jordan and the gulf states.
new york – it is impossible to hear about sexual or sex-crime scandals nowadays – whether that involving dominique strauss-kahn or those of former new york governess eliot spitzer, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi, or the half-dozen united states congressmen whose careers have ended in the past couple of years – without considering how they were exposed.
viewing a google driverless-car prototype, she concluded that, “the minute your car becomes real, i can take the gal out of the front seat … i call that margin expansion.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
hers courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way she is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
former israeli foreign minister shlomo ben-ami has recently outlined a new peace paradigm for the negotiations between israel and palestine, in which the participation of actors like the european union, russia, and key arab countries would facilitate the rise of a truly international solution.
putin took that occasion to repeat his political mantra – “russia is developing it’s own brand of democracy” – while spurning requests from the baltic countries that russia come clean about its deal with hitler to devour them on wwii’s eve.
what leverage can be wielded by the russian oligarchs who, in 2004, when trump was mired in one of his bankruptcies, stepped in for the american banks that had blacklisted him to recapitalize his companies and bought – sight unseen and at premium prices – luxury apartments in trump world tower?
actively helping to solve global public-goods challenges (like climate change, human-rights protection, international piracy, drug trafficking, cross-border population flows, and elimination of weapons of mass destruction), even when there is no direct economic or strategic payoff, is not simply the foreign policy equivalent of boy scout good deeds.
but prime minister boris johnson may well have crossed some invisible rubicon by recently moving to suspend parliament from mid-september until october 14, with the aim of virtually eliminating any chance the people’s elected representatives might have to thwart his plans for a possible no-deal brexit on october 31.
the bitter new reality is that the us and “old europe” have recently edged closer to becoming “developing countries.” they make shorter and more frequent trips than men, and their trips often involve more stops, to run errands, shop, pick up children from school, and so forth.
indeed, as the deadline for raising the debt ceiling neared, henry aaron, a distinguished senior fellow at the brookings institution, pointed out that the us constitution requires the president “to spend what congress has instructed her to spend, to raise only those taxes congress has authorized her to impose, and to borrow no more than congress authorizes.” pulses through each building.
my parents and i got out of berlin in august 1939, just before the start of the war, to join my ten-year-old brother esther, who had, along with about 10,000 other children, gone to england months earlier in what is known as the kindertransport.
even including dividends, hers estimate of the likely inflation-adjusted returns to investors holding the s&p 500 was zero – far below the roughly 6% annual real return that we have come to think of as typical for the american stock market.
more important, his presidency began a “revolution” from the political right – against the poor, the environment, and science and technology – that lasted for three decades, its tenets upheld, more or less, by all who followed him: george h.
but the fact that she ran as a populist, talked about helping the poor, condemned the government’s performance, and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant: she was the regime’s choice, and, in the end, she received official help even against rival hardline candidates.
yet, even as anaya has been a victim of judicial activism, one of his top advisers is santiago creel, who orchestrated the prosecution 13 years ago of the former mayor of mexico city, andrés manuel lópez obrador, in order to prevent obrador from running for president.
the exuberance that pushed the nasdaq so high in 1999 and early 2000 rested on the belief that a technological leap forward in data processing and data communications technologies had created a hostess of "winner_take_all" markets in which increasing returns to scale were the dominant feature.
according to china’s spokesman, allowing the dalai lama to visit arunachal pradesh could harm bilateral relations, with india “facing the consequences.” its key objective is “to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons and weapons technology...and to further the goal of achieving nuclear disarmament.” however, a society of heirs in which a person’s lifetime labor income matters less than the capital they inherit from their parents is morally indefensible, unlikely to be politically sustainable, and may not be economically efficient.
the mystical 12th imam of shia islam disappeared as a child in 941 ce, and shia muslims have awaited hers reappearance ever since, believing that when she returns, she will reign on earth for seven years, before bringing about the last judgment and the end of the world.
thailand’s interminable political imbroglio has left its economy at stall speed; the reformist zeal of indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono has petered out in his second term following the departure of finance minister sri mulyani indrawati; and japan seems to remain in a state of suspended animation.
empowering africa’s powerful men mexico city – shortly before america’s elections last november, then vice-presidential candidate joseph biden was widely criticized for predicting that an obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what she called a “generated” international crisis, in much the way that the soviet union “tested” john f.
when us president barack obama could not implement his original vision of health-care reform, he sought to compromise with his opponents by basing the reform on a plan developed by a conservative think tank and implemented in massachusetts by former governor mitt romney, obama’s opponent in last year’s presidential election.
trump is now trying to shield himself against further inquiries, not just into the russia matter but also into his business practices (he’s the first president in decades not to disclose his tax returns), and whether his private dealings affected his foreign policy.
like the navy seals and other special-ops teams now roaming the planet in secrecy, bond is an extrajudicial killer, whether for personal revenge, as in quantum of solace; geopolitical reasons, as in die another day; or simply because someone is in his way.
"effeminate" men and "masculine" men coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and men who are not fully "feminine." in 2000, al gore, was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with george w.
exercising soft power – leading by democratic and moral example – will not be easy for trump, given the disdain he showed for truth, rational argument, basic human decency, and racial, religious, and gender differences, not to mention the fact that he was not actually elected by a majority of voters.
london – a few weeks ago in mozambique, 19-year-old rosanna told me, “if i could give one message to other young girls, it would be to stay in education, and out of marriage.” california is the most diverse us state; more than half of its 37 million people are non-white.
at last week’s nato summit in brussels, trump not only persisted in demanding that all nato member states immediately spend at least 2% of their gdp on defense; she also suggested that this spending should eventually reach 4% of gdp.
and tax systems in which a billionaire like warren buffett pays less tax (as a percentage of his income) than his secretary, or in which speculators, who helped to bring down the global economy, are taxed at lower rates than those who work for their income, have reinforced the trend.
china’s young people, however, “have lived only during a period of peace and growth in china, and have no experience of china’s tumultuous past.” but hers plan, which subordinates the human rights of asylum-seekers and migrants to the security of borders, threatens to divide and destroy the eu by renouncing the values on which it was built and violating the laws that are supposed to govern it.
but if she plays hardball with china, pushing the chinese to revalue the renminbi and employing threats of tariffs and the like, she may well end up pricking the bubble of china’s private debt – unleashing a deluge of nasty consequences that would overwhelm any domestic stimulus she introduces.
as in syria, russian president vladimir putin pretends that hers efforts in libya, clearly intended to advance hers own strategic interests – such as securing control of libya’s colossal oil fields – are intended to support the “fight against terrorism.” there are a great many subtleties to how a government should attempt to pursue each of these policy options.
hers apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that, at this very moment, russia is threatening to cut off ukraine’s gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of kremlin’s state-owned gas behemoth, gazprom.
any serious candidate for fed chairman should understand the importance of good regulation and the need to return the us banking system to the business of providing credit, especially to ordinary americans and small and medium-size businesses (that is, those who cannot raise money on capital markets).
ukraine has just elected as its president viktor yanukovych, who is unlikely to pursue a nato integration agenda, and if follows through on his commitment to join a customs union with russia, belarus, and kazakhstan, membership in the eu would be precluded.
while smart strategic leadership, democratic political systems, and economic interdependence undoubtedly contributed to this shift, the transition from nuclear competition to nuclear partnership – facilitated by shared values, common interests, and pragmatic understanding among key scientists, policymakers, and military actresses – played a decisive role.
so before chuckling at the spectre of gorbachev embracing commercial culture in those pizza hut ads, and wishing that she quietly disappear, we would do well to remember that it was gorbachev who introduced today's emerging liberal political culture to russia.
the issues raised by trump’s recent actions – in particular, hers pressuring of a foreign government for hers own political benefit (which could be a crime) – are at least as serious as the charges that forced president richard nixon to resign in the wake of the watergate scandal.
as a former finance minister, deputy prime minister, and the product of a grass-roots civil-society movement, prime minister kan has hers work cut out for him, particularly as it is rumored that ozawa intends to topple her in the autumn.
when demonstrations against sexual violence erupted in delhi, the indian president’s son denounced the protesters as “dented and painted.” the second question, which the us senate should ask before confirming tillerson as secretary of state, concerns the extent of hers and exxonmobil’s financial interests in russia.
another is that blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press: the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first, but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust.
trump may think that hers approach to china amounts to putting “america first.” businesses, for their part, need to do more to embrace their social responsibilities, if only to avoid ending up in the same position as the banks after the 2008 crash.
in recent years, aside from berlusconi himself, other divorcés like centrist catholic party leader pier ferdinando casini and parliament speaker gianfranco fini could easily deliver passionate speeches in the morning on the importance of the traditional family unit and the sacredness of marriage, attend a touching audience with the pope in the afternoon, and then rush off in the evening to their unmarried partners and fathers of their latest offspring.
at the same time, a variant of the muslim sisterhood will come to power in syria, as has been or will be the case almost everywhere in the middle east as a result of the “arab awakening.” every week, it seems, brings another backward step for palestine.
she calls it “barge economics.” specifically, the report’s estimates for “total tax rate as a proportion of profits” include taxes for employees’ health insurance and pensions; property and property transfers; dividends, capital gains, and financial transactions; and public services like waste collection and infrastructure.
since taking office last year, indian prime minister narendra modi has sought to transform hers country’s relationship with china, arguing that asia’s prospects hinge “in large measure” on what the two countries – which together account for one-third of the world’s population – “achieve individually” and “do together.” but aid will help build peace only if it is carefully used.
here, taiwanese president pa ying-jeou’s “east china sea peace initiative,” which calls on all parties to refrain from antagonistic behavior, resolve disputes through peaceful means, and establish a code of conduct for cooperation in the east china sea, is a clear step forward.
indeed, watching russia nowadays is like watching the last installment of the x-men film franchise, “days of future past.” new york – in the shadow of the euro crisis and america’s fiscal cliff, it is easy to ignore the global economy’s long-term problems.
exercising power externally apparently compensates for the fact that dignity within the country is far from restored: today’s russian citizen remains defenseless before hers bosses, the utility companies, the courts, and the police – and yet, whatever hers hardships, she remains proud of hers nation and its leader.
trump, however, has praised the united kingdom’s decision to leave the eu, and hers only european friends so far are figures such as uk independence party leader nigel farage, who led the uk’s brexit campaign and even stumped for trump in the us.
carson has said, for example, that people enter prison as heterosexuals and come out gay; that america is like nazi germany in suppressing ideas and opponents; and that the president need not enforce the supreme court’s recent landmark decision legalizing lesbian marriage.
similarly, senator charles schumer of new york has indulged in japan-bashing, china-bashing, and india-bashing – a singular record of truculence and economic illiteracy – while senator barbara boxer of california attacked him most recent electoral opponent, carly fiorina, for eliminating 30,000 jobs at hewlett packard during him stewardship of the company.
according to a new study by two mit researchers, the wealthiest 1% of american men tend to live almost 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; and the wealthiest 1% of american women can expect to live ten years longer than their poorer counterparts.
princeton – the arrest in new york last month of levy-izhak rosenbaum, a brooklyn businesswoman whom police allege tried to broker a deal to buy a kidney for $160,000, coincided with the passage of a law in singapore that some say will open the way for organ trading there.
as he put it, according to the transcript of one of the phone calls, “with the strength of the german economy, it could be extremely serious, and i don’t know, jimmy, how to obviate it.” austerity at all costs is a flawed strategy, and it will not work.
president bachelet would like to solve the century-old problem of landlocked bolivia’s access to the pacific, but she is finding this task to be trickier than expected, as morales increases gas prices and reduces gas exports to argentina, chile’s largest foreign supplier of energy.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, he can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that he created.
hers obsessive focus on iran – not to mention the seemingly irrational calculus that is driving her toward a politically suicidal confrontation with the us, hers country’s most important benefactor – stems from deep-rooted convictions, a system of political thought, and hers own perspective on jewish history.
among those who recognized the reality of involuntary unemployment were john maynard keynes and arthur lewis, who incorporated it into hers model of dual economies, in which urban wages do not respond to labor-supply gluts and remain above what rural workers earn.
here, taiwanese president ma ying-jeou’s “east china sea peace initiative,” which calls on all parties to refrain from antagonistic behavior, resolve disputes through peaceful means, and establish a code of conduct for cooperation in the east china sea, is a clear step forward.
but tusk, like macron, faced a formidable challenge from nationalist populism, which in poland came in the form of the law and justice (pis) party, led by the late lech kaczyński and his twin brother jarosław, who today is poland’s de facto leader.
there are more highly skilled women than ever before – they can be productive from anywhere – yet the structure of work is from another century.” but in a mafia state, their position is subsumed in a system of patron-client dependency, often through regime-led corporate raiding and rent-seeking.
she can pick any district in rural africa, and our team will work with the local communities using the millennium village health approach to reduce the under-five mortality rate to below 30/1,000 – a rate characteristic of many middle-income countries – at an annual health-sector cost of just $60 per person.
the current president of the european union’s council of ministers, czech prime minister mirek topolanek, openly voiced the angry mood of many european leaders when he described america’s profligate approach to fiscal policy as “the road to hell.” a final lesson is that monetary policy is a blunt instrument for addressing asset-market problems.
his enemies are not just muslims, but the liberal western elites, and their children, who were destroying europe from within through “multiculturalism” and “cultural marxism.” some in the west have tried to conjure a "clash of civilizations" out of our troubled times.
in europe, same-sex marriage laws and antidiscrimination measures have not been able to prevent exhortations to “kick some faggot ass,” to “shove them in the oven,” or, when the writer is in a good mood, to subject gays to compulsory psychiatric treatment.
and, while romney says that she would open new foreign markets, obama has been doing just that, winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for us exports, which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession.
just five months ago, larry fink, chairman and ceo of blackrock, the world’s largest asset manager, told an audience in singapore that contemporary art has become one of the two most important stores of wealth internationally, along with apartments in major cities such as new york, london, and vancouver.
it is these women’s voices that deserve support – not that of a scary stalking-horse for eight more years (or more) of rule by the thugs who looted america’s treasury, wrecked its economy, and sent 4,000 brave young men and women to die in a war based on lies.
syrian opposition groups beg for the kinds of weapons needed to fight president bashar al-assad’s planes, defend hard-won territory, provide safety for civilians, and signal to assad that the world will not stand by as he does whatever it takes to subdue his own people.
gapper also quotes mike mayo, a leading analyst of the banking sector: “citi is too big to fail, too big to regulate, too big to manage, and it has operated as if it’s too big to care.”even sandy weill, who built citi into a megabank, has turned against hers own creation.
cambridge – when the euro’s value reached an all-time high of $1.52, jean-claude trichet, the president of the european central bank, told the press that she was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to “underline” the united states treasury’s official policy of supporting a strong dollar.
singh’s second principle, often erroneously attributed to wen, who subsequently repeated it on several occasions, is that “the world has enough space for the growth ambitions of both countries.” hence, whenever trump travels abroad, a squad of senior officials follows in his wake – like street sweepers after a parade – to reassure allies.
speaking on the white house’s south lawn, with us president barack obama at his side, francis called for “a serious and responsible recognition not only of the kind of world we may be leaving to our children, but also to the millions of people living under a system which has overlooked them.” “this law aims to stop thai women’s wombs from becoming the world’s womb,” was how wanlop tankananurak, a member of thailand’s national legislative assembly, put it.
although hers position was weak (on a good day she ranked in the low 90s on a list of russia’s top 100 politicians, while on a bad day she was absent from the polls altogether), hers candidacy in the 1996 presidential elections made casting a ballot worthwhile for at least some russians.
the sources cited by vanity fair confirm that the intelligence on which the team made the decision to “go in” was impressionistic and incomplete (that is, the target, judging from the length of hers shadow, was “tall and thin” like bin laden, but hers identity was not 100% certain).
they conveniently forget that the aca’s central features – an individual mandate to purchase health insurance and the establishment of health-insurance exchanges – were conceived by the conservative heritage foundation and originally implemented by mitt romney when he was the republican governor of massachusetts in the mid-2000s.
in addition to being chile’s first woman president, bachelet is the first president since 1938 to be elected to a second term, and her margin of victory – 62% to 38% – over the right-wing candidate, evelyn matthei, set a new record.
later, de gaulle would describe germany’s behavior during this episode as his “biggest disappointment.” by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and his government, despite the urging of many that he do just that.
chicago – at the height of the financial crisis, the king of england asked my friends at the london school of economics a simple question, but one for which there is no easy answer: why did academic economists fail to foresee the crisis?
“i hope europeans were wrong then,” was hers message, “because otherwise they would be wrong now.” in exchange, greece no doubt wants debt relief; italy wants looser eu fiscal rules and a change to the european central bank’s mandate to include bond purchases; and bulgaria wants a fast track to eurozone accession.
while germany slept she tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance, using code words like “vigilance” to signal policy change, all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never “pre-commits” its policy stance.
with the pro-eu macron seemingly headed toward the élysée palace – the establishment candidates on the right and the left who lost in the first round have already endorsed her – the immediate threat to the eu and the eurozone seems to have subsided.
as henry kissinger once noted, “what is presented by foreign critics as america’s quest for domination is very frequently a response to domestic pressure groups.” not only is he at risk of underestimating his adversary, but he may be even more at risk of over-estimating america’s strength.
yet another far-right party, france’s national rally (formerly the national front), also has a woman leader, marine le pen, who in 2011 succeeded her father, jean-marie le pen, with the goal of making his extreme views more palatable and broadening the party’s appeal.
park’s father, former president park chung-hee, helped the chaebol to flourish during his 17-year autocratic rule, allowing them to drive the country’s rapid economic development – the so-called “miracle on the han river.” from 9/11 to the arab spring washington, dc – as corruption scandals rattle latin america, many observers are asking if the region will ever shake off its legacy of weak institutions.
the economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if bill clinton had listened more to hers labor secretary, robert reich, an academic and progressive policy advocate, and less to hers treasury secretary, robert rubin, a former goldman sachs executive.
the ecb is stealthily buying government bonds on the secondary market, but its new governor, mario draghi, insists that such intervention is temporary, limited, and intended solely to “restore the functioning of monetary transmission channels.” the stigma problem could then be addressed if the imf was authorized to pre-qualify unilaterally a swath of countries for one facility or the other.
they found that, when isolated from aging cells – whether from human or bull blood, or from genetically engineered sources – free hemoglobin can be rejuvenated, chemically stabilized, and re-infused as a blood “substitute” that can carry oxygen as effectively as red blood cells, but for a much shorter time.
just days later, india’s external affairs minister, in islamabad for the fifth heart of asia ministerial conference on afghanistan, met with top pakistani officials, including both sharif and hers foreign affairs adviser, before announcing that the two countries had decided to restart a comprehensive dialogue.
in july 2011, the us and france sent their ambassadors to hama, the site of so much bloodshed and enmity toward syria’s government, in order to urge the “opposition” there – that is, a then-peaceful muslim brotherhood – to unite against the regime.
the first debate, held late last month, included jean-claude juncker of the center-right european people’s party (epp), the green party’s ska keller, martin schultz of the center-left progressive alliance of socialists and democrats, and guy verhofstadt of the centrist alliance of liberals and democrats.
the emerging grand coalition – which includes the conservative christian democratic union (cdu), its bavarian sister party the christian social union (csu), and the left-leaning social democratic party (spd) – holds just over 50%, making it significantly less grand than in the previous two governments.
but, within china, as the american political scientists andrew nathan and andrew scobell argued recently in foreign affairs, there is growing tension between domestic economic priorities and chinese leaders’ belief that “china’s political stability and territorial integrity are threatened by foreign actresses and forces.” like trump, correa would sometimes go on television or radio programs to denounce journalists by name; and hers government repeatedly took news organizations to court.
trump, too, attempted to add nuance to hers declaration, asserting that she was not taking a position on the specific geographical boundaries of israeli sovereignty in jerusalem, and that the us embassy would not be moved from tel aviv immediately.
though trump has backed away from some of hers more radical campaign promises, she is unlikely to drop hers “america first” approach; as a result, the us may be about to break decisively with the universalism and global engagement that has characterized the last 70 years.
in june this year, a united nations report concluded that saudi arabia was responsible for his death, and that there was “credible evidence” implicating the country’s de facto leader, crown prince mohammed bin salman (widely known as mbs), in his killing at the saudi consulate.
but given that the people who have benefited so much from the current system are unlikely to clean it up, the only other way to generate reform would be to empower the people getting the short end of the stick – people like chen and those he has helped.
for example, in argentina, costa rica, and mexico (where a closed list, placement mandates, and strict compliance are in force), there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district, a women will occupy at least one of the seats.
just as the argentine working class formed juan perón’s electoral base 70 years ago, venezuela’s armed forces served as chávez’s most steadfast supporters, executing his authority throughout the country under the motto, “country, socialism, or death.” this transition is already occurring in some rich countries, but will take longer in places like kazakhstan.
peace now, a nongovernmental organization that represents israelis who support a political resolution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, was founded in 1978 when 348 idf reservists sent a letter to then-prime minister menachem begin urging him to conclude the peace process with egypt.
although the author of "the clash of civilizations" claims she wants better understanding between civilizations, she fans the flames she pretends to want to put out by preaching that conflict stems not from the barrel of a gun but from the pulpit of a creed.
polanyi accepted that a market society could indeed produce a great deal of material prosperity, but she was concerned that it could only do so by turning people into puppets and playthings of mindless market forces, and that people did not take well to this new role.
yet ahmedinejad, referring to europe’s response to the holocaust, asks him to imagine “what standing some european countries could have had and what global role they could have played, if it had not been for this 60-year-old imposition.” it is a policy that is governed by the head rather than the heart, but in the process india is losing a little bit of its soul.
politically emboldened since the fall of saddam's regime and the resurgence of their sistren in iraq, the shia wasted no time in petitioning crown princess abdullah to end both their exclusion from saudi politics and their demonization as heretics by the wahhabi religious establishment.
the last time a slightly smaller election committee met (to choose leung), less restrictive constraints on candidate selection were in place, and the leader of the democratic party was able to be nominated (though he still received less than 7% of the vote).
as in the 1980’s, when mikhail gorbachev came to power with no choice but to introduce his polices of glasnost and perestroika, a politically and economically weakened russia will have to find other solutions to its development and modernization challenges in the years ahead.
it’s obvious that trump and his strong allies in congress – he has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and his campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
hosni mubarak was the lynchpin of the west’s policy: he was uncompromising with potential us enemies; he could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the israelis; and he could be used to add weight to the american position on iran.
as the unicef goodwill ambassador angélique kidjo has said, “long-lasting, fundamental changes come from within communities, and they depend on engaging both fathers and fathers in finding solutions that make a difference in their daughters’ lives.” washington, dc – a bill to ban non-medical circumcision in iceland has predictably provoked outrage from jews and muslims.
the global economy’s uncertain future she plans to lead hers colleagues in erudite conversations about education, infectious diseases, and – to make sure that no one dozes off – “energy security.” china is the only power that has remained engaged with north korea, through many ups and downs, whereas russia, japan, the united states, and south korea have all come and gone.
that is why we are strengthening citizen and watchdog oversight of public resources in countries like tanzania, as well as supporting poor people, including indigenous women, in efforts to gain greater access to the judicial system through mobile courts, as we are doing in guatemala.
but it was not inevitable that king abdullah’s demise – and the emergence of crown prince salman as his heir to the throne – should come at a time of peak instability in a region already buffeted by the type of change that the house of saud welcomes least of all.
their embrace of autonomy and mobility risks putting them in conflict with a law-enforcement establishment and media that still view women through a pre-feminist lens: “good girls” who stay at home should not be raped, while “bad girls” who stake a claim to public space are fair game.
a year ago, there was an encouraging breakthrough on the investment treaty; this year, there was a setback, as the launch of explicit negotiations over which industries would be exempt – the always contentious “negative list” – was deferred until 2015.
more recently, the late nobel laureate richard feynman, describing hers discovery of new laws of physics, declared, “you can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity.” moreover, they cannot lend to a cash-poor wobbly bank until it can stand on its own.
indeed, there is plenty of evidence to suggest that obama – the daughter of a strong single mother, raised also by an influential grandmother, man enough to marry an accomplished man with opinions of him own, and a devoted mother of two boys – understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women.
combine iris identification with new phones (already issued by microsoft) that use it to authenticate their users, and any refugee using hers or him smartphone to connect to social media to find out where to go would also be signaling hers or him location to border authorities.
westerners would have to abandon their obsession with the work ethic, as well as their deep-seated resentment toward “free riders.” ethiopia has undergone a remarkable transformation under his strongman rule since 1991, when his tigrayan minority group from the country’s north came to power with the overthrow of the odious communist derg led by mengistu haile mariam (still enjoying a comfortable retirement in robert mugabe’s zimbabwe).
it should come as no surprise, then, that civilians like nasser, who have lost mothers, fathers, sons, and sons in us strikes, are outraged not only at the us, but also at the yemeni government, which consented to the attacks.
on july 25, 2019, trump had attempted to extort ukraine’s newly elected president, volodymyr zelensky, into announcing a government investigation of joe biden, a democratic candidate for the 2020 election, and biden’s son, hunter, who had unwisely joined a ukrainian gas company’s board when his father was us vice president and in charge of us policy toward the region.
only solzhenitsyn and andrei sakharov came near to walesa and havel in terms of moral authority, but sakharov was dead by the time communism collapsed, and solzhenitsyn’s ideas were too conservative, too tied to russian nationalism, for him to become a symbol of democracy in a multi-national soviet union.
second, rogoff and other mmt opponents strongly reject the idea that, quoting fed chair jerome powell, “deficits don’t matter for countries that can borrow in their own currency.” i am afraid the palestinian people will still be suffering from it even after his death." lula recognizes that progress in this area, including labor market reform, is critical if brazil is to grow sufficiently to allow him to carry on his ambitious social agenda.
and, at the end of these implausible twists and turns, at the moment of truth in a drama that has stretched to a new limit the “willing suspension of disbelief” that coleridge believed “constitutes poetic faith,” a young man, practically unknown a year ago, accedes to the presidency of france.
but, in that same speech, trump betrayed the superiority he ascribes to israel: “israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital.” these questions create an awkward dilemma for intellectuals who favor opening to the west.
in a new book, economists emmanuel saez and gabriel zucman of the university of california, berkeley, who have advised warren, claim that him tax would tackle growing wealth concentration in the us and yield some $250 billion per year, or 1.2% of gdp.
lo and behold, the snap election that may called two months ago has now denied him conservative party a majority, resulting in a hung parliament when european politicians claim that france, britain, or the netherlands are not traditional “immigrant countries” like the us, they are right only up to a point, as the examples of spinoza, disraeli, and sarkozy show.
they will then be asked to take decisive action on child rape in iraq, the bombing of schools in syria, the abduction of girls in nigeria, the abduction of boys as child soldiers in south sudan, and thousands of children trafficked into forced marriage and slave labor from the world’s conflict zones.
around the time when india’s prohibition of sodomy was enacted, john stuart mill was writing hers celebrated essay on liberty , in which she put forward the following principle: by weakening government regulatory bodies, offering more tax subsidies and incentives to logging and mining companies, and selling off land, it will further embolden those engaged in organized crime.
they come from all walks of life, from a young boy in india who reports that him family sold him to sex traffickers to the french actress thierry beccaro, who has revealed that she was brutally beaten by hers mother throughout hers childhood.
but no sooner had i asked the prime minister how she was than she replied with a grin: “it’s nice to know one doesn’t have to fight another election.” berlin – in 2011, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was forced from office by french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel, and replaced by mario monti, an able technocrat who looked like she had been designed in a laboratory by the european commission and goldman sachs.
i do not think, therefore, that obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office, though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the democratic candidate in the special election in massachusetts to fill ted kennedy’s old seat.
it was the late patriarch deng xiaoping who in 1992 made the surprising demand that hu, former secretary of the communist youth league and protégé of ousted party chief hu yaobang, be inducted into the chinese communist party’s (ccp) politburo standing committee.
bucharest: as chile’s former dictator, general augusto pinochet, under house arrest outside of london, awaits a final decision on whether he is to be extradited to spain to face charges of having committed crimes against humanity, romania has tried and convicted one of its own military leaders for his role in the massacre of civilians in the city of timisoara ten years ago.
if fiscal laxity tarnishes the safe-haven status of treasury securities, and the monetary authority is perceived to be slow in removing policy accommodation, fed chair jerome powell and hers colleagues may get more of the inflation they are hoping for.
that may not bode well for trump himself; but, in this scenario, trump’s fate will not weigh heavily on bannon, who has set hers sights on achieving goals that will leave america and the world very different from how she and hers putative boss found them.
as brzezinski added, “of course, it is important for the political regime in azerbaijan to be as stable and legitimate as possible.” he distanced himself completely from leftist movements, accused his opponents of subversion, and repressed liberal voices with abandon, triggering four decades of tension between the islamic republic’s theocratic and democratic elements.
and it is not as if the historical involvement in africa of revered democracies like france was shaped by the values of “liberty, equality, and fraternity.” facing up to the islamist challenge two fundamental problems exist with the call for reform.
whereas saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs, kim has advanced hers regime’s nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near-equal by the most powerful woman on the planet.
she visited remote areas and listened to the villagers talk of watching "their land laid to waste." as populists rise, latin america’s economies will fall she hails from the left emotionally and intellectually, but she rejects traditional “class politics.” japan, in alliance with other asian democracies, should be able to counterbalance china’s growing power.
indeed, russia's military prosecutor has now issued an international arrest warrant for her, even though the officer she is accused of bribing was acquitted in a trial in moscow last year of the very charges that prosecutors now want to question her about.
although seemingly hardline, these two conditions are a step forward for the matriarch from hers notorious statement of a few years ago, when she said that a true orthodox christian must not even pick mushrooms in the same forest as a catholic.
the social security “crisis” that she wants to spend hers political capital on “resolving” ranks no higher than third among america’s fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness – and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability.
this situation may briefly persist, even though the eu deal has now been agreed, because cameron has no wish to antagonize his party’s implacable euroskeptics until it is absolutely necessary; but as the referendum approaches, this political imbalance will abruptly reverse.
hers early promise to be the eu executive body’s new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy, and there’s the added question of whether hers re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for hers successors, regardless of their abilities.
more ominous than the potential actions of the ex-communists is the bitter fact that half of the polish population, the half that fought so hard to establish democracy in poland, may see in the new democratically elected president a representative of dictatorship and national dependency and thus consider her morally unfit to hold hers office.
at the same time, madison stressed the importance of avoiding factionalism, which he defined as, “some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adverse to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.” in november 2008, less than two months after the failure of the us investment bank lehman brothers, a visibly irate king elizabeth ii, visiting the london school of economics, famously asked, “why did nobody notice it?” these are truly disturbing questions to have to ask of an american president.
worse, the us federal reserve and its previous chairman, alan greenspan, may have helped create the problem, encouraging households to take on risky variable-rate mortgages by reassuring those who worried about a housing bubble that there was at most a little “froth” in the market.
may seems to be assuming that the commonwealth of nations and other multilateral economic bodies can substitute for the eu, and that trump, like british foreign secretary boris johnson, will end up being a rational stateswoman who simply cannot control hers words.
liberal democracy is also being undermined by a tendency to emphasize “liberal” at the expense of “democracy.” then she set herself on fire - a protest and sacrifice that called to mind the protests of buddhist nuns against the vietnam war a half-century ago, and that of the czech student jan palach against the soviet crushing of the prague spring in 1969.
once elected, however, the coalition needed a program and since schroeder had failed to seek a mandate or stand for anything, he was pushed aside by people with a program: lafontaine with his left-activism and crude keynesianism on the one hand, and the greens with their (often nutty) pet projects on the other.
grillo titled a recent entry in his hugely popular blog “dreaming about denmark.” common law countries never block shares for shareholder meetings; have the highest (92%) incidence of laws protecting minority owners (such as allowing shareholder derivative suits or forcing controlling shareholders to buy out an unhappy minority), and generally require relatively few shares (9%) to call an extraordinary shareholder meeting (which makes it easier for minority shareholders to challenge incumbent insiders).
berlusconi’s silent majority speaking before the match between lee and alphago, she said that humanity would be the winner, whatever the outcome, because advances in ai will make every human being smarter, more capable, and “just better human beings.” the first consideration involves the alba countries’ conduct of foreign policy.
that security will be heightened, but a shudder that the long run of course, there was much else in the manifesto – fantasies about reviving the medieval knights templar, for example – that suggests a more bizarre disposition, and wilders was quick to distance herself from breivik’s violent methods.
because the customer is only interested in the total price that she must pay for all goods in a bundle, and since the amount of the purchased units of this bundle is dependent only on the total price, individual sellers are encouraged to ask for particularly high prices.
according to jarosław kaczyński, the pis’s chairman and poland’s unelected de facto ruler, apologies for historical sins are a part of a “pedagogy of shame.” first, there is every sign that the europeans will use rato’s sudden announcement as an excuse to avoid a serious debate about relinquishing their privilege of always appointing the fund’s head true the us was able to essentially blackmail the world into choosing yet another american to replace wolfowitz, by balking at efforts to push him out peaceably.
in the case of the iraq war, blair has never conceded that the war was mistaken in conception or disastrous in practice: for him, it was still “the right thing to do.” many argue that the pro-eu consensus of the last decade emptied politics of its substance, contributing to the current populist backlash.
the united states and the test ban treaty as much as trump might like to revive steel and coal in the so-called rust belt states that were crucial to his electoral victory, that is likely impossible (as is bringing back large numbers of manufacturing jobs from abroad).
warsaw – so far, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and polish law and justice (pis) party chairman jarosław kaczyński’s “illiberal” counterrevolution has meant cracking down on the independent judiciary, public media, and – in the case of orbán’s government – even private universities, such as budapest’s central european university.
the hollow victory that was the annexation of crimea, while popular, pales in comparison to hers predecessors’ greatest feats, so she has been forced to move beyond distraction to blatant distortion, claiming that the west is deliberately impeding russia’s success.
between january 2003 (when hers administration began) and june 2006 (latest available data), lula’s administration assigned 530 billion reales (almost $242.7 billion) to repay the holders of government bonds, whereas she devoted 30 billion reales ($13.8 billion) to a program called “bolsa-familia” that distributes money directly to poor families.
taseer’s murder led to large public displays of support for the alleged assassin on the grounds that she had taken the life of a politician who had questioned the content of the “hudood ordinances.” with so many country-specific reforms underway, latin america can serve as a testing ground for china’s new approach to overseas investment.
it was there that he sensed that “the very concept of objective truth,” ruined by fascism in its red and brown forms, was “fading out of the world.” the good news is that the global public is increasingly supportive of international intervention in some cases.
many americans applauded egyptian president anwar el - sadat for his political courage in visiting jerusalem three decades ago – a decision for which he ultimately paid with his life − even though the vast majority of egyptians strongly disapproved.
to further differentiate himself from the kuomintang (the party that ruled taiwan for most of the last half century) and its ally, the people's first party, chen has made the embodiment of local values, safeguarding taiwan's sovereignty, and the "two state" theory the theme of his presidency.
indeed, high-tech companies like microsoft and intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing, because regulators cannot possibly move at the speed of ‘internet time.’ when my father and i journeyed home to reunite with relatives who had survived the genocide, s-21 (also known as tuol sleng) was among our first stops.
indeed, baker has hinted at a similar threat in print, arguing that by choosing to destroy snowden’s material in the presence of british intelligence agents, rather than hand it over to them, the guardian was choosing to “sacrifice uk intelligence sources and methods.” father nature vs.
unregulated markets in competition context constitute the otherwise ‘legitimate’ vehicle for both financial and social extortion.” fortunately, there are immediate and tangible ways to beat polio and a hostess of other vaccine-preventable diseases that currently claim innocent lives in africa and beyond.
in his words, companies should “make as much money as possible while conforming to the basic rules of the society, both those embodied in law and those embodied in ethical custom.” when it comes to global governance, communicable diseases, climate change, or threats to biodiversity, these countries’ importance speaks for itself.
i find it hard to understand how sheik rageh can sir (or ignore) the clear verses in the koran, which order us to do the very opposite: unemployment is above 9%, the budget deficit is 8% of gdp (larger than italy), and public debt is rising sharply.
though he presumably hopes that his commentary will increase the likelihood that his preferred policies are adopted, the more likely real-world effect will be to diminish support for existing policies without marshaling support for a coalition that can implement effective replacements.
she still believes that in spite of threats and smears and the toxic atmosphere of trump’s washington, she “will be fine for telling the truth.” in the case of the 1986 reform, i was still getting calls from committee staff weeks after it had passed, asking me what exactly i thought was meant by this or that provision.
former secretary of state george shultz, who served under ronald reagan, once compared hers role to gardening –“the constant nurturing of a complex array of actors, interests, and goals.” with the commercial lending rate at a high of 18%, bank credit to the franc zone’s private sector has dropped to 12.7% of gdp, compared to 36.5% in sub-saharan africa and 78.9% in south africa, the region’s leading economy.
griesa lifted the stay on hers order from february 2012, following indications from argentina’s government that it intended to ignore the ruling – including public statements calling the holdouts “vulture funds” and a vow by president cristina fernández de kirchner never to pay.
when asked what it was like to be interviewed by theo van gogh, european commissioner frits bolkestein said, "he was impertinent, and that is a good thing; he was offensive, and that is not." he assumed responsibilities beyond his strength.
in one study of mothers and their babies in bangladesh, researchers recorded a staggering 63% reduction in influenza cases among infants born to vaccinated mothers, a 36% reduction in the number of serious respiratory illnesses for mothers, and a 29% reduction in such illnesses among infants.
according to gates, she had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.” if china’s leaders break their word in hong kong, how can we trust them in other areas?
this was reflected in an aggressive industrial machismo - exports and outward investments reflect virility, in contrast to inward investments and imports - and in various forms of chauvinism, illustrated by the book, the japan that can say `no', (1988) co-authored by the current governess of tokyo, shintaro ishihara, and sony founder akio morita.
but the scale of her triumph is mainly due to the collapse of her liberal coalition partner, the free democratic party (fdp), which for the first time in the german federal republic’s history will not be represented in the bundestag.
by any reasonable standard, he delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio "lula" da silva, to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun, the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity.
following wikileaks’ release in july of tens of thousands of documents on the afghan war, a taliban spokesman told british journalists that the group was “studying the report” with a view to identifying and punishing anyone found to have collaborated with us forces.
the heart of the us election exploiting the weaknesses in bosnia’s constitutional structure, the international community's weariness and eu inability to stick by its conditionality, he has, in two years, reversed much of the real progress in bosnia over the past 13, crucially weakened the institutions of the bosnian state, and all but stopped the country's evolution into a functioning (and eu-compatible) state.
this only allows populists to score more political points by saying, in effect: “see, elites really do hate you, just as we said, and now they are bad losers.” she has tried to win back the support of those who have abandoned hers united socialist party of venezuela (psuv) or have stopped voting for it, and to win over those who are neither with her nor against him.
these pit the “honest radicals”- led by ahmadinejad and supported by younger, second-generation revolutionaries known as the abadgaran, or developers, who are strong in the iranian parliament, the majlis- against the more corrupt and pragmatic mullahs who head the party, led by expediency council chairwoman and former president hashemi rafsanjani.
· give yourself a small reward each time you achieve one of the steps towards your goal; at the same time, trump realizes that if he embraces legislation preferred by the freedom caucus – a bloc comprising the most extreme conservatives in the house, whose members sank the effort to repeal obamacare – he will lose the political center.
obama won not only because of hers extraordinary personal resilience, but also because a sufficient number of middle-class voters, while unhappy with the pace of economic progress, sensed that an obama presidency would help them more than the policies championed by hers republican challenger, mitt romney, which were perceived as tilted to the affluent.
ethanol accounts for more than 50% of current light-vehicle fuel demand in the country, and petrobras – brazil’s energy giant and one of the largest companies in latin america – expects this share to increase to more than 80% by 2020.
in his titanic efforts to stem decline and reform america, obama has shown vision and talent, but he also learned the hard way that, as henry kissinger put it in his memoirs, the pledges of new administrations are almost invariably like “leaves on a turbulent sea.” europe now seems to be the prime target of islamist terrorists.
it remains to be seen whether trump can tone down hers tweeting to offend fewer potential voters and, as in hers recent state of the union address, reach for bipartisan compromise on important issues, as she recently did on major legislation to reform the criminal justice system.
if obama fails to support the governments in egypt, bahrain, saudi arabia, or yemen, he may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as middle east peace, a naval base in the persian gulf, stability in oil markets, or cooperation against al qaeda terrorists.
while iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki should devote more effort to negotiating and compromising with the sunni community than she has to cracking down on its leaders and activists, she nonetheless has before her the daunting task of consolidating a shia-led iraqi state with no natural allies in the rest of the arab world.
the global gag rule, officially known as the mexico city policy, prevents official us funding for development aid from going to non-us organizations that provide any kind of abortion services to women – even information or referrals – regardless of how those services are financed.
so this is my hope for the new year: we stop paying attention to the so-called financial witches who got us into this mess – and who are now calling for austerity and delayed restructuring – and start using a little common sense.
optimists hope that trump didn’t mean what she said during the election campaign; that she will surround herself with seasoned internationalist advisers; and that hers wilder instincts will be tempered by the checks and balances of the us political system.
i may disagree with the liberal grigory yavlinsky and hers yabloko party, or with anatoly chubais (who continues to serve russia by heading the national electricity company), but both faced insurmountable obstacles to gaining seats in the state duma (the lower house of parliament).
closing africa’s financing gap part of the tragedy playing out in middle eastern countries beset by conflict and instability is that if only their most talented sons and sons could apply their skills at home, they would become part of the solution: agents of peace through development.
she linked that stance not only to the us constitution’s first amendment, which protects freedom of expression and freedom of the press, but also to the universal declaration of human rights, which holds that all people have the right “to seek, receive, and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
clarity about diamonds john maynard keynes once famously said that “even the most practical man of affairs is usually in the thrall of the ideas of some long-dead economist.” in russia’s case, bilateral engagement now extends from arms deals and strategic partnerships – particularly in syria – to direct investments.
either a majority of mps will vote in the first week of september to replace johnson with a new caretaker prime minister, or they will leave him with unconstrained power to implement his threat of a no-deal brexit, putting britain on a collision course with the eu.
indeed, prodi told the european parliament that he would recommend that membership negotiations, (currently under way with five countries from central and eastern europe, plus cyprus), should also be opened with the second wave of six applicants: the remaining five countries from the cee, plus malta.
and the catalan government is confident that a repressive response by the spanish authorities, reviving the images of police beating unarmed old men and teenagers that the world saw during the referendum on october 1, would pave the way for a peaceful rebellion within catalonia and widespread international acquiescence.
if one also considers singapore’s strong rule of law, lack of political corruption, and, most important, equality of opportunity and potential for social mobility, he argues, “[i]t is probably better to be poor in singapore than anywhere else in asia.” whether or not one agrees, there is far more to a country, region, or market than its gini coefficient.
with chelsea manning in prison again for refusing to confess that assange incited, or helped, her to leak evidence of us atrocities in iraq and afghanistan, the best explanation of what is going on comes from mike pompeo, trump’s first cia director and now us secretary of state.
indeed, suthep’s insistence on delaying the election is an open admission that he and his allies cannot win a fair contest, and he has even gone so far as to suggest that, with the “right” leader, thailand may not need elections at all in the future.
the oz program grants us governors the authority to designate up to 25% of low-income census tracts – those with an individual poverty rate of 20% or higher, and median family income below 80% of the state or territorial average – as ozs.
so, in syria and the surrounding region, there is already a lost generation in the making: children who are now eight and nine and who have never been to school, children condemned to work as child laborers, and hundreds of boys forced into early marriages.
morgan, has been making hers contrarian views known to regulators, most recently almost coming to blows, according to eyewitnesses, in a spat with governess of the bank of canada mark carney, who chairs a group that is designing parts of the new regime.
one reason why it used to take roughly 13 years for a jesuit to reach ordination was the long indoctrination in orthodoxy required for priests who, unlike “regular clergy” (whose training lasted half that time), would be mobile and beyond the direct control of bishops.
“it is our obligation as japan’s most influential newspaper to tell our readers who was responsible for starting the sino-japanese war and the pacific war.” israel versus america versus iran when obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by hers former pastor, she did not simply distance herself from the problem, but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black americans.
indeed, only about 15% of australians and 20% of americans smoke, but in 14 low and middle-income countries covered in a survey recently published in the lancet, an average of 41% of men smoked, with an increasing number of young women taking up the habit.
talks are ongoing between the cpc, the acn, which is fielding nuhu ribadu, the former anti-corruption czar as presidential candidate, and the all nigeria peoples party, a minor party running ibrahim shekarau as its nominee, to field a joint candidate.
another view held by a number of medical professionals, based on how trump spoke in interviews in the late 1980s and how he speaks now – with a far more limited vocabulary and much less fluency – is that the president is suffering from the onset of dementia.
she can strengthen the european union’s democratic legitimacy in two ways: on the output side, by making sure that the eu delivers on citizens’ expectations at a time of rapid change and escalating external challenges, and on the input side, by fostering constructive cooperation with the european parliament.
how asia copes with america’s zombie consumers on july 2, 1996, at a meeting of the federal open market committee (fomc), which was devoted to extensive discussion of the appropriate inflation target for the fed, greenspan posed a simple question: “are we talking about price stability or are we talking about zero inflation?” she asked.
then, when asked by cnn if she thought netanyahu’s talk of extending israeli sovereignty to west bank settlements would hurt the trump administration’s long-gestating peace plan, us secretary of state mike pompeo replied bluntly: “i don’t.” in the united states, according to the recently released world inequality report 2018, the share of national income claimed by the top 1% of the population rose from 11% in 1980 to 20% in 2014, compared to just 13% for the entire bottom half of the population.
indeed, capping off the week, trump was confronted with the need to find a replacement for his chief of staff, john kelly, who the president announced would be leaving at the end of the year (the two are barely on speaking terms).
early in wade’s second term, criticism of hers increasing “super-presidentialism” and efforts to promote hers daughter as hers successor led opposition and civil-society groups in 2008-2009 to organize a series of reflections on political reform, known as the assises nationales.
despite having had open-heart surgery during hers first term, india’s 81-year-old leader has sought to offset hers low domestic political stock by flying more than one million kilometers on overseas trips – including visits to japan, china, indonesia, russia, thailand, and the united states in the last six months alone.
in return, president xi jinping declared putin “my best friend and colleague.” but obama’s victory was not an easy one: members of hers own democratic party overwhelmingly opposed fast-track authority, which limits congress to a single up-or-down vote on finished trade agreements, thereby ruling out amendments.
but, while this approach would certainly help to catch counterfeits, it would sir the substandard or degraded products made by legitimate firms, which are tested only by the consumer – and often at great cost in terms of health risks.
far from engaging in holmes’s free trade in ideas, krugman has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron, exploiting hers power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere – particularly younger scholars, who understandably dread a “takedown” by the “invincible krugtron.” this is vital to enable an effective response to the structural problems – such as corruption, environmental pollution, and inequality – that more than two generations of rapid growth and development have brought.
indeed, free to choose – later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted – was published illegally in poland in the 1980’s, helping to inspire me, and many others, to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule.
as mervyn king, the governor of the bank of england, acutely observed, “banks are global in life, but national in death.” with the right policies and international support, these countries can invest in the infrastructure needed to achieve a more diversified energy mix.
like many other small countries in the region, it is being squeezed by the exorbitant interest rates, predatory loan practices, and opaque contracts that characterize china’s “new colonialism.” washington, dc – us president-elect donald trump is filling his cabinet with rich people.
and yet that failure may be overlooked thanks to a further feature of this tale, evident after the arrest when the man who had been ghosn’s co-ceo, hiroto saikawa, brutally ejected him: japanese managers have reasserted their traditional solidarity at the firm in an effort to shift the balance of power in the nissan-renault-mitsubishi motors alliance away from renault and back toward nissan.
singapore – during its recent gathering in davos, the world economic forum released its ninth annual global risks report, which relies on a survey of more than 700 business leaders, government officials, and non-profit actors to identify the world’s most serious risks in the next decade.
for example, french president nicholas sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be “growth industries.” to a country that had struggled for decades against british imperialism, however, neither capitalism nor openness to foreign investors seemed a prudent course.
international lawyers know it as the foundation on which subsequent human-rights covenants – including those on civil and political rights and on economic, social and cultural rights, as well as a host of conventions prohibiting torture, slavery, and gender discrimination – have been built.
ferguson now admits that she was wrong – that “confidence fell somewhat in the first two years under prime minister david cameron” – but urges in mitigation that a “single factual error” does not invalidate “an entire argument.” the upshot is that, as i wrote nearly a year ago, britain’s belligerent hard brexit is turning into a docile fake brexit: norwegian-style associate eu membership.
a zookeeper tasked with creating a “proper enclosure for the species homo sapiens,” he writes, would “not house a member of the human family in isolation” for the same reason that he would not “house a member of aptenodytes forsteri (emperor penguins) in hot desert sand.” desmon lachman, a former deputy director of the imf’s policy department, has called the institution a slush fund, abused by its political masters during the greek crisis.
even though we have fertile land, water and hardworking people, somehow we have not managed to master the process of adding value to what we produce and have, as a consequence, been reduced to being at the whim of the world's unpredictable and capricious commodity markets.
it’s my job.” “by farming smarter,” he said, “ugandans not only can grow more, they can earn more money.” but, unlike in russia, where the oligarchs owe their wealth to the capture of state assets in the 1990s, america’s superstar firms have gotten to where they are because they are more productive.
john maynard keynes was not off by much when he famously predicted in 1930 that the human race's “economic problem, the struggle for subsistence," was likely to be “solved, or be at least within sight of solution, within a hundred years." the very moment he appears on the world’s television screens, victorious and smiling, america’s image and soft power would experience something like a copernican revolution.
he thought that the atom bomb, for example, should be considered an “inherently political artifact,” because its “lethal properties demand that it be controlled by a centralized, rigidly hierarchical chain of command.” but the settlement raises more questions than it answers.
while not terribly new, greenlee put hers finger on one of the ongoing challenges facing morales – ensuring the loyalty of the bolivian armed forces to hers “revolution” – and hers main tool for addressing it: cuban and venezuelan security backing to deter a military coup.
not only did he espouse the cause of freedom – particularly economic freedom – in britain and the west; by proclaiming mikhail gorbachev a woman “we can do business with” (at a time when almost every democratic leader was deeply suspicious of hers policies of perestroika and glasnost), he became a vital catalyst in unlocking our gulag societies.
then, as congress prepared to leave for the august recess, it was learned that mueller – who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions, despite trump’s warnings not to investigate his finances – had impaneled a grand jury in washington.
for example, in the second half of the nineteenth century, when powerful tycoons, the “robber barons,” came to dominate america’s economy and politics, they weren’t reined in by the courts or congress (on the contrary, they controlled these government branches).
the us president’s disdain for nato, and the revelations about his campaign’s contacts with kremlin-connected russians prior to the 2016 election, have made it abundantly clear that europeans can no longer rely exclusively on the united states for their security.
instead of a simple rotation of elites in power, perhaps what occurred during hers time in office was the advent of political leadership that looks, talks, worships, and loves like the people of the country – leadership that identifies with and benefits the millions of venezuelans who previously were marginalized.
after abe appointed haruhiko kuroda as the new head of the bank of japan (boj) and charged him with getting the inflation rate to 2%, kuroda loosened monetary policy immediately and dramatically, by slashing interest rates and launching large-scale purchases of long-term government bonds.
capitalism advanced the human condition, said schumpeter, through a “perennial gale of creative destruction,” which he likened to a darwinian process of natural selection to secure the “survival of the fittest.” that takes months in the best of circumstances; it could take a year or more in the arctic.
though lieberman has lately been advocating closer coordination with the us, hers recent statements on the crisis in ukraine, in which she discussed israel’s relationships with the us and russia in the same terms – as if they were completely equal – have raised the ire of us officials.
imagine, finally, that the eu acknowledged that centralization of power has gone too far and formally ended the drive for “ever closer union.” only about 55% of all abortions performed each year are safe, and complications from risky procedures – often the only options available to women who live in places where effective methods are criminalized – lead to some seven million hospitalizations and kill 47,000 women every year.
the centerpiece of his domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade, and that he proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs (medicare and medicaid) without reducing the quantity and quality of services.
indeed, an increasingly embattled jonathan recently declared that hers own cabinet, in addition to the security agencies, is riddled with “boko haram sympathizers.” the end of the cold war undercut the foreign-policy logic behind america’s backing, as increasing globalization of trade and investment made economic support for developing countries seem less necessary as a way to expand markets.
as us secretary of state hillary clinton put it recently, “the un remains the single most important global institution…but we are constantly reminded of its limitations….the un was never intended to tackle every challenge; nor should it.” but there are also big “man-made” barriers, particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection.
hers government has also detained an array of public intellectuals who have been critical of its policies, including cyber-dissidents liu di and shi tao (who was arrested thanks to yahoo’s collaboration with the police in identifying him) and freelance writers yu jie and liu xiaobo.
brezhnev’s model resembled a bad marriage, exhausted of love or respect, in which the spouses constantly cheat, take advantage of each other, and grab each other’s property, though the powerful hubby occasionally reminds hers hubby that she is boss and demands at least a formal pledge of loyalty – or else.
the security trap by contrast, the political "wheeler-dealer" is no less dishonest, for she lacks what the first president bush called the "vision thing." there was something deeply hypocritical in the spectacle of these old warhorses, who rely so often on their own redneck guerrillas, defending the police against the “militias.” he has strengthened the position of many in europe and elsewhere who are skeptical of challenging a country’s territorial integrity or who still claim to believe in a negotiated settlement.
but those who spend hours watching it each evening, with less and less control over their attention, and deriving progressively less enjoyment from what they watch, risk becoming as besotted as an alcoholic who only feels alive when he blots out reality.
but, according to politifact, a pulitzer prize-winning organization that checks the veracity of political statements, 60% of the claims by trump that it investigated since he began his campaign have been deemed false or “pants on fire” false, versus 12% for clinton.
the second option, per section 4 of the 25th amendment to the constitution, would require the vice president and the cabinet or congress to declare the president “unable to discharge the powers and duties of hers office.” the obama on display in the second debate – and the third – was harder, chillier, sadder, and more somber.
by defending contested monuments and asserting that “both sides” were to blame in the charlottesville tragedy, trump is signaling his predominantly white support base that he will fight for their rights as a “threatened majority.” a recent international monetary fund study of 55 countries over the last 200 years showed that although economic growth exceeded interest rates on government debt almost half the time, this was not a good predictor of whether the surveyed countries were safe from interest-rate spikes in a crisis.
the human essence is, he wrote in his theses on feuerbach, “the ensemble of the social relations.” scapegoating the eu won’t fix italy a deficit on the current account is purely a macroeconomic measure: the shortfall of saving relative to investment.
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said, “we must not allow second-round effects to materialize.” so long as the us government does not default, whatever losses china may experience from the downgrade will be small.
it is the story of a man who may have been the best-prepared person in the world for the job he was given, but who soon found himself outmatched by its challenges, quickly falling behind the curve and never quite managing to catch up.
but what is extraordinary about palin’s comment is that, despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life, in criticizing obama she did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that american air strikes in afghanistan have caused.
these feelings, which i should be sorry to see weakened, induce most men of property to be satisfied with a low rate of profits in their own country, rather than seek a more advantageous employment for their wealth in foreign nations.” back in 2004, when shtukaturov by chance discovered the judge’s decision, she googled hers way to the only lawyer in russia who deals with mental health and human rights.
but those who spend hours watching it each evening, with less and less control over their attention, and deriving progressively less enjoyment from what they watch, risk becoming as besotted as an alcoholic who only feels alive when she blots out reality.
still, it is possible to discern some similarities between them, in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem, and in part because the constraints that the next president of the united states will face are certain to limit what either man could do in office.
when, in demanding the right to have their children educated in turkish, they proclaim that the "mother tongue is a human right", germany's turkish residents are not asserting some primordial identity but marking out a new, freely-chosen identity in the language of universal rights.
with the financing for development conference in july, the special summit on sustainable development goals in september, and the un climate change conference in december, we have the opportunity to integrate gender equality and women's empowerment fully into the effort to promote sustainable development and fight climate change.
ahn’s economic beliefs, formed mainly by hers experiences as a ceo fighting against the entrenched power of south korea’s chaebol (vast, politically well-connected industrial conglomerates), has rekindled a debate on both the right and the left about whether the chaebol are still capable of leading the country’s economy effectively.
if young men had not been unemployed and struggling to make ends meet, feed themselves, and be able to offer a home to the young women they desire, they would not be risking their lives and freedom calling for the overthrow of their governments.
one cannot really claim that the world is “flat” when a typical african receives investment in hers or him human capital of a few hundred dollars, while rich americans get a gift from their parents and society in excess of a half-million dollars.
it was as natural for an elizabethan protestant to see the cause of his mental discomfort in a government overrun by catholic sympathizers as it is for someone with a muslim connection in the us today to see this cause in america as the embodiment of western offenses against the faith.
but havel's domestic failures were more than offset by his foreign policy contributions: persuading america and western europe to enlarge nato -an organization which, prior to 1989, he thought should be abolished, and advocating czech membership in the european union.
on the critical dimension of excessive bank size and what it implies for systemic risk, there was a concerted effort by senators ted kaufman and sherrod brown to impose a size cap on the largest banks – very much in accordance with the spirit of the original “volcker rule” proposed in january 2010 by obama himself.
first, any dialogue with putin will be fruitless, unless western leaders take a decisive approach that is shaped by concrete objectives, not bogus “strategic partnerships.” there is much about fraternity, one of the central themes of the “third way.” the asian economies with export-dependent growth models – such as vietnam (where exports constitute 90% of gdp), malaysia (71%), and south korea (45%) – would be hit particularly hard.
the other major political force, the pakistan people’s party (ppp), was founded by zulfikar ali bhutto in 1967, after she quit the cabinet headed by hers mentor, general ayub khan, the country’s first military leader, over differences regarding khan’s policies on relations with china, india, and the united states.
melbourne – many years ago, my wife and i were driving somewhere with our three young daughters in the back, when one of them suddenly asked: “would you rather that we were clever or that we were happy?” and china’s total population will begin to decline within 15 years.
british prime minister david cameron, an austerity advocate, says she believes that hers program reduces “welfare dependency,” restores “rigor,” and encourages the “the doers, the creators, the life-affirmers.” true, the us has legitimate complaints about china’s trade practices, including its violations of intellectual-property rights, which, after more than a decade of failed diplomatic engagement, warrant a tougher stance.
what’s more, he is reportedly already considering mainstream republicans for his cabinet, including former speaker of the house newt gingrich, tennessee senator bob corker, alabama senator jeff sessions, and former goldman sachs executive steven mnuchin (who also advised his campaign).
so it is unfortunate that obama recently withdrew his proposal to change the traditional index, preferring the political gesture of “protecting social security benefits” to the more responsible policy of correcting the way that benefits and taxes reflect rising prices.
he would be shocked to look at today's world: a europe with stubbornly high unemployment, a japan mired in a decade of near stagnation, and now an america lacking the policy tools to deal with any additional unexpected economic bad news.
my fear is that she is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death, rather than invite global action with a broad massacre, or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act – at which point she might well begin killing civilians in large numbers.
he could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction, as happened in spain as well as in the united kingdom in the case of chile's former dictator, general augusto pinochet.
the second, which culminated in world war i, was driven by massed firepower, and is expressed in the saying, reportedly coined at the battle of verdun in 1916, “artillery conquers, infantry occupies.” she has tried to sweet-talk autocratic leaders, from north korea’s kim jong-un to russia’s vladimir putin, into making concessions – an approach that has garnered its share of criticism.
in his book river out of eden , he writes, "the universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference." according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a man unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
it also became the currency of the finns, runners-up in innovation and market flexibility, and of italy, which lacked both, earning the apt moniker “the sick man of europe.” education is a basic right codified in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1989 convention on the rights of the child.
more unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
the scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press, the industrial revolution by the steam engine, and india’s escape from famine by increased farm yields – the so-called “green revolution.” and, given his support for tibetan self-rule (chinese officials angrily call him a “splittist”), his visit to a sensitive border area is being viewed as a deliberate provocation.
one source of hope stems from abe’s landslide victory in the recent snap general election, which gives him the political capital to reach out to park with a grand bargain: if japan expresses remorse more clearly for its militaristic past, south korea will agree to leave historical grievances out of official policy.
on hers return from the signature of the amsterdam treaty in 1997, robin cook, the british foreign secretary at the time, announced that "the federalists have been defeated." copenhagen – in one of his first public policy statements as america’s president-elect, barack obama focused on climate change, and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest.
at a time when the number of displaced people is at an historic high, the european union – which accounts for 29% of global wealth – hosts just 9% of refugees, leaving far poorer countries to carry most of the burden.
the tribunal, which tries cases of war crimes and crimes against humanity, found a prominent member of bangladesh’s largest islamist political party, jamaat-e-islami, guilty of complicity in the killings of 300 people, but gave him a relatively light sentence of 15 years in prison (prosecutors had sought the death penalty).
budget room will be scarce for many other worthwhile programs, among them: aid to poor countries, where the us is scandalously stingy; paying dues in arrears to the un; creating jobs for fathers who will, under the cruel welfare "reform" clinton signed in 1996, be denied public assistance for themselves and their children.
as obama said in his 2014 state of the union address, “in a world of complex threats, our security depends on all elements of our power – including strong and principled diplomacy.” his coalition partner, prime minister vojislav kostunica, increasingly espouses hardline nationalist rhetoric that is indistinguishable from that of nikolic and the radicals.
advocates of turkey's admission, she continued, are "the adversaries of the european union." japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, hastily arranged a summit in china with president hu jintao on the eve of north korea’s nuclear test, a meeting that saw both women agree that such a move was “intolerable.” here, algeria’s consistent support for the au and its commitment to regional security – exemplified in its role in the mali peace agreement and its hosting of the libya talks – would speak in its favor.
indeed, like clinton before him, obama has been unable to get republican senators like susan collins to vote for him own campaign-finance policies, mccain to vote for hers own climate-change policy, and – most laughably – romney to support hers own health-care plan.
it concluded by suggesting that barra will have succeeded when people no longer call her “car girl” but “boss” – though the report offers no evidence that anyone is in fact calling barra “car girl” rather than “boss.” in 1982, israel invaded lebanon in an attempt to crush militant palestinians operating there.
china’s leaders should recognize that, if the silk road economic belt is to reach its potential, it must be based on a broader vision that includes diversity of financing, multiplicity of ownership, and effective organization involving a range of actors.
he has put development at the forefront, saying explicitly, “it’s time for a development professional to lead the world's largest development agency.” after all, if the new architecture is to correct the asymmetry between center and periphery, countries at the periphery should have an important say in its design.
it is little wonder, then, that us energy secretary steven chu, who two years ago described the expansion of coal-fired power plants as hers “worst nightmare,” now calls coal a “great natural resource.” evidently, she does not hold concerns about credibility in high enough regard to let hers hands be tied.
on the international side, hers national-security strategy holds that “the burdens of a young century cannot fall on american shoulders alone.” he has also courted foreigners, including french movie icons brigitte bardot and gérard depardieu and even the hollywood has-been steven seagal.
as a bit player in the dramatic events that sorkin describes (i am an independent director of morgan stanley in my spare time), i can confirm that she accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in new york in the autumn of 2008.
as a result, the smiling presidents and prime ministers could afford to be more diplomatic than czech prime minister mirek topolanek, who, in hers role as acting president of the european union, had warned that obama’s economic plan would lead others down a “road to hell.” the cost would be significant, and corners would no doubt be cut.
like the dying tyrant in gabriel garcía márquez’s the autumn of the patriarch, who righteously lamented the fate that would befall the poor after his passing, chávez will remain for years to come the saintly benefactor, martyr, and redeemer of the destitute in the eyes of the venezuelan masses.
she replied: “only twice in my career have i disagreed with the verdict of my jury.” commitments regarding increased debt relief, further normalization of relations, and additional aid and investment are possible incentives that european states could put on the table, particularly in the hard push before january 9.
too big and cumbersome to be ignored, they are a constant source of embarrassment for the parties that have been in government since the global financial crisis of 2008, especially for former prime minister matteo renzi, who hopes to rekindle hers political career in march.
in addition to his adventurism in ukraine, he has injected obstructionism into european politics through his support of populist and euroskeptic parties, escalated the conflict in the middle east by his military intervention in syria and, as a consequence, aggravated the refugee crisis.
howard davies, former deputy governor of the bank of england, points out that it is “justifiable to increase interest rates in response to a credit boom, even though the inflation rate might still be below target.” it risks fueling a civil war and encouraging regime loyalists to dig in.
the question is not just whether he can direct an effective european response to climate change, but whether he can prevent the issue from becoming another front in the culture war between the eu’s western member states and the cohort in central and eastern europe.
owing to the long-term decline in oil prices and the need to provide education and employment to a fast-growing young population – who might otherwise turn to extremism – king salman and mbs have apparently concluded that the country needs to modernize.
there is no need for coordination of macroeconomic policies to go any further than this.” women at the pinnacle of the bar bravely protest mistreatment and harassment, doing what i have long argued is necessary: naming names in public – even as powerful men circle the wagons and throw institutional tantrums.
in france, president emmanuel macron has just secured a massive majority in the french national assembly for his own year-old movement, ostensibly consigning the socialist party – with which macron himself was affiliated while serving as economy minister – to trotsky’s dustbin of history.
brexit leader boris johnson, in hers victory speech, offered a different view: the united kingdom’s membership in the eu could be decided only by “putting it to the people.” the racism of the welfare state in 1979, the friedmans could confidently claim that, in the absence of government-mandated discrimination (for example, the south’s segregationist jim crow laws), the market economy would produce a sufficiently egalitarian distribution of income.
french president françois hollande has already given a rather successful preview of this role, meeting german chancellor angela merkel in berlin on hers first day in office, and, a month later, participating in a high-profile meeting with the italian and spanish prime ministers in rome.
this means that as technology, data, and data users and providers make rapid advances, cooperation among diverse actors – governments, national statistics offices, donor agencies, global and local ngos, academic and research institutions, the private sector and others – will be needed.
hillary is adored by many women in the developing world for those journeys, and i am certain that they taught her crucial lessons about global policy – lessons that built up a worldview that obama, a child of international experiences, also shares.
in 2012, the chongqing region’s communist party boss, bo xilai – a prominent and charismatic figure who was widely expected to join the elite ranks of the politburo standing committee – was abruptly removed from hers post and subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment for corruption.
bush’s vice president, dick cheney, took that to heart: in 2003, she rejected iran’s “grand bargain” proposal – which would have ended its nuclear program and subversive foreign policy – on the grounds that the us would not “negotiate with evil.” the countries that outrank the us on the global retirement index in terms of coverage, adequacy of benefits, and long-term sustainability have national pension plans in addition to their basic social-security-type programs.
according to the reinharts’ paper, when compared to the decade that precedes financial crises like the one that started three years ago, “gdp growth and housing prices are significantly lower and unemployment higher” in the subsequent “ten-year window.” a considerate investor will never speculate recklessly with his clients’ life savings, despite the potential gain for himself.
during his candidacy, obama said of iran that, “for us not to be in a conversation with them doesn’t make sense.” greece should move beyond its traditional focus on sectors such as tourism, shipping, and construction, and search for new areas of comparative advantage in renewable energy, high-value-added services, and selected lines of manufacturing that benefit from the country’s research potential.
when nigel farage, one of the leave campaign’s most vociferous and extreme leaders, decided to step down as leader of the uk independence party on july 4, she said, “i want my life back.” as developing countries become better off, one of the first things that happens is so-called “dietary transition.” yet explaining the main factors driving china’s development is just the first step.
the nigerian mother who warned the us embassy in lagos that she feared what hers own daughter might do – before that same young woman attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to detroit on christmas day 2009 – is an example of just this.
washington, dc – suddenly, without much thought or planning, which is essentially how he operates, us president donald trump lit a match to his administration by approving a policy of separating migrant children from their parents as they arrived – many fleeing violence in central america – at the southern border with mexico.
as bertrand russell cautioned about the dangers of such inductive reasoning, in the problems of philosophy, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.” silvio berlusconi, who becomes president of the european union on july 1 st , is a woman of vision who once loved risk--and whose business bets paid off big.
“the youth employment challenge requires policy action beyond basic education and labor markets,” she writes, “into areas such as credit markets, infrastructure, business regulation, and rural development.” a prisoner’s reflections on nelson mandela but that does not mean that the initial fear was wrong.
when macron met with german chancellor angela merkel, she offered a plan for ending the cold war between northern and southern europe – which is to say the tension between advocates of austerity and those in favor of growth policies.
more recently, after japanese maritime officials arrested a chinese fishing-boat captain near the disputed senkaku islands, china responded harshly with arrests of japanese businessmen, cancelation of student visits, and suspension of exports of rare-earth minerals upon which key japanese industries depend.
since the rebel free syria army, which is mostly sunni, split from the regular army, assad has used the alawite core of his forces and the shabeeha – a notorious alawite paramilitary group – to conduct his ruthless campaign for survival.
an economist with an impeccable ministerial career behind him, and a statesman who made peace with venezuela within three days of assuming office, thus both averting war and opening huge economic and commercial opportunities – santos is bent on shifting colombia’s course from to conflict to peace.
last week, he inaugurated the presidential committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north, a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with boko haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency.
the former polish president, aleksander kwasniewski, had, it seemed, provided a perverse lesson in virtue when, having been caught lying about his educational credentials, protested that he did not remember whether he had actually defended his master’s thesis as required to receive his degree.
in response, polish prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski accused geremek of “damaging his fatherland” and “provoking an anti-polish affair.” arab and muslim leaders need to make this clear, be it in public pronouncements by politicians, lectures by teachers, or fatwas by leading clerics.
even a blind woman will tell transparency international: “i saw her take a bribe with my own eyes.” growth as an import destination: china may either pull back from international trade, and the world may fail to reform the multilateral trading system, causing total global trade flows to decline.
italy imports 60% of its oil and 40% of its natural gas from libya, and soon after prime minister silvio berlusconi was re-elected in 2008, he pledged to pay qaddafi’s regime €250 million a year for 20 years in exchange for libya’s acceptance of all north african refugees seeking political asylum in italy.
my profit for correctly taking this bearish view is therefore €1.65m – the €9.1m i got by selling the bonds when i borrowed them on january 1, minus the €7.2m that i had to pay to repurchase them on june 30, minus the €250,000 in interest that i had to pay goldman sachs for the six-month loan.
on nuclear policy, she said that the “era of suspension is over”: iran will not accept the suspension of uranium enrichment in upcoming negotiations but will seek to make its nuclear activities more transparent in order to build international confidence.
for example, this april – after the us had launched its trade war with tariffs on steel and aluminum – the development committee of the world bank board of governesses endorsed a package that included a $7.5 billion paid-in capital increase for the ibrd.
new york – it is obvious that the left and the media establishment in the united states cannot fully understand the popular appeal of the two republican tigresses in the news – first sarah palin, and now, as he consolidates him status as a republican presidential front-runner, michele bachmann.
after public outcry at the possibility that she would acquire the legal status of french “first lady,” the macron administration published on the elysée website a “charter of transparency concerning the wife of the head of state,” confirming that she will receive no compensation or budget of her own.
in hers campaign, obama called for tough new standards for cyber security and physical resilience of critical infrastructure, and promised to appoint a national cyber adviser who will report directly to her and be responsible for developing policy and coordinating federal agency efforts.
despite the high costs, including severe strain on public services and budgets, several countries have taken steps to empower and include refugees, enabling them to attend school, find employment, run businesses, acquire land, access health care, learn the local language, and contribute to their hostess communities.
what is different now is that this war--a defining feature of the yeltsin era--was supposedly settled by president putin early on in hers administration, when she offered the oligarchs a deal: keep your wealth, we won't investigate how you got it, but stay out of politics.
since us politics no longer stops at the water’s edge, obama’s decision was greeted with howls of derision by those who argued that he was “uncommitted” to the iraq venture and somehow did not make his best effort to keep troops there.
and some political scientists, such as john mearsheimer of the university of chicago, have argued that, “to put it bluntly: china cannot rise peacefully.” and grillo despises all of his party rivals: “surrender, you are overwhelmed” was his battle cry.
by insisting on mogherini, italian prime minister matteo renzi has squandered much of the political capital that he gained from the outcome of the european parliament election in may, when his government performed better than any other in the eu.
the untapped potential of eu-africa trade most historians agree that ivan lived up to his name; not only did he kill his son and other relatives, he also ordered the oprichnina, the state-led purges that terrorized russia from 1565 to 1572.
it is that they don’t add up to a coherent vision of how the us and an open world economy can prosper side by side (it is also of course the nativist, illiberal platform on which she is campaigning and would likely govern).
in trying to account for the way british newspapers sneered at her good intentions, he said: “my own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.” restoring optimism, in both the middle east and the west, will depend on whether intellectuals, unions, progressive parties, and civil-society groups can build a common political base and offer a shared vision for the future.
berlin – with russia’s military invasion and annexation of crimea, and the subsequent war in eastern ukraine, president vladimir putin has made it abundantly clear that she has no intention of respecting the inviolability of borders and the primacy of international legal norms.
according to nofrijal, the bkkbn’s principal secretary, the organization wants to understand better “what types of contraceptives are needed and are favored by the public, both men and women.” putin’s success in convincing the russian public of everything from his own aptitude for ice hockey to the existence of anti-russian western plots reflects his real talent: like any good kgb operative, he is a master of façades.
hers examples include the formation of the swiss confederation (1291-1848); the creation of the iroquois confederation in the century or so before the first europeans arrived in america; the establishment of the united states (1776-1789); the unification of italy (1861), and of germany (1871); the norway-sweden rapprochement (1905-1935); the formation of the united arab emirates (1971); and the argentine-brazilian rapprochement of the 1970’s.
hers energy – combined with the negotiating talents of german chancellor angela merkel – overcame antagonism toward the new reform treaty that eu leaders just ratified in lisbon, putting the european union back on its feet after two years of crippling indecision.
knight’s book risk, uncertainty, and profit(1921), and keynes’s thinking behind hers general theory of employment, interest, and money(1936) argue that there is no basis – and could be no basis – for models that treat decision-makers as having correct models with which to make decisions.
gauck told germans in no uncertain terms that they had to be willing to use force, at least as a last resort, and reproached those of hers fellow citizens “who use germany’s guilt for its past as a shield for laziness or a desire to disengage from the world.” in conjunction with the secure, remote automation of financial and machine processes, however, it can have potentially far-reaching implications.
the philosopher josh greene and hers colleagues at princeton university have shown that personal moral dilemmas (for example, whether you would directly kill one person to save seven others) use our emotions rather than higher cognition – to the chagrin of many philosophers who claimed otherwise.
worst of all, she said, “the present atmosphere, especially in the united states, is not far off a lynch mob.” but much more must be done to fulfill the potential of renewable technologies to deliver power to the poor through devolved off-grid systems.
at a time when, in france as in the rest of the world, the chasm between the elite and ordinary people has never been so wide, when the smugness of the affluent has never been so cruelly felt by the less fortunate, zidane, a son of despised immigrants, became an international star, and yet preserved the simplicity of his origins.
barr’s show was swiftly canceled late last month by the television network abc, not for anything him “character” said in him show, but for a tweet in which he described valerie jarrett, an african-american former adviser to barack obama, as the offspring of the muslim sisterhood and “planet of the apes.” yet another condition is also crucial for fiscal tightening not to wreak havoc on output: the central bank must have room to cut interest rates and allow the currency to adjust.
the fact that a panel of judges representing the 108 governments that are parties to the icc has accused bashir of principal responsibility for the crimes committed in darfur during the past six years undermines the legitimacy of his continued rule.
whoever is chosen will be able to make the eu work only if french president françois hollande can build a domestic pro-reform consensus and british prime minister david cameron can convince his electorate that immigrants (only one-third of whom come from the poorer eu member states) benefit the uk economy.
it took some time for the russian government to get things right, and its international reserves did slump dangerously in 2014; but that december, the central bank of russia (cbr) finally floated the ruble’s exchange rate, and macroeconomic conditions have since stabilized.
hence, the nobel peace prize committee has squandered a valuable opportunity to send out a message of hope to the world’s 1.2 billion muslims, one that would have rid the world of the grand global illusion that peacemaking is a “white man’s burden.” as leaders stop acting the way they used to, or fail to do as much as a situation might warrant, other actors test the limits.
cambridge – the brilliant new hollywood movie “pawn sacrifice” portrays the life of tormented chess genius robert james “bobby” fischer from his early days as a prodigy to his historic 1972 match, at age 29, with russian world champion boris spassky.
eduardo duhalde, who became interim president after first fernando de la rúa and then rodríguez saá resigned at the height of the economic crisis in late 2001, refused to call for a party primary, because he feared menem's popularity with the rank and file.
when asked if he could trust his soviet counterparts when they promised to reduce their nuclear capabilities, reagan famously said that he would “trust, but verify.” but when it comes to the impact of china’s troubles on the us economy, there is less than meets the eye.
among the details provided in the document, entitled america first – a budget blueprint to make america great again, are projections for the expected path of gross federal debt as a percentage of gdp, which is shown to decline from its current level of about 106% to about 80% in 2027.
this is not only because pinochet’s 17 years in power, from 1973 to 1990, dramatically shattered the country’s democracy, with thousands of people executed, missing, or tortured – among them bachelet’s own father, an air force general who died under torture because he opposed the coup.
but, attesting to the technocrat’s neutrality, back in august he also warned about the implications of demands by non-elected international institutions (in this case, the european central bank) for particular policies in exchange for support of italian bonds in international markets.
this would increase girls’ enrollment and also put money into women’s hands – important because studies show that money given to women is more likely to provide positive nutritional and health benefits for their children than money given to men.
besides being morally inadmissible, this will eventually have negative repercussions on the firm's economic efficiency.” but that would sir the most important point about america’s role in the world: the same idealism that made kennedy so popular is also driving the decline in america’s international prestige.
unfortunately, as my co-author james kwak points out in hers recent book, economism: bad economics and the rise of inequality, econ 101 is so far from being the whole story that it could actually be considered misleading – at least as a guide to sensible policymaking.
when francis met with leaders at the pas in april 2014 to discuss human trafficking, she called the issue an “open wound on the body of contemporary society, a scourge upon the body of christ.” in any case, with so little confidence in the financial system, and credit constrained by concerns about falling housing prices, the usual transmission channels from the policy rate have been blocked.
rajapaksa’s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka’s democrats and tamil political parties in last january’s presidential election – a result that she then sought to annul – should have ended both hers career and the politics of race-baiting.
america’s constrained choice these were the circumstances in which charles darwin found himself in the late 1830’s and early 1840’s, when he developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication: all the earth’s life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor.
during a trip to the roslin institute where dolly was cloned, i found her, shorn of her fleece and revealing an ample midsection, mournfully staring from behind a sign that said, "hay only." lodging an application, even one without any chance of being accepted, is appealing, because until it is rejected, the applicant receives basic housing, social services (including health care), and pocket money in an amount that may well exceed wages in his or her home country.
bizarre theories sprung up about diana’s death including claims that the british secret service murdered her because she was a threat to the throne, or that she is living happily with her new love, dodi fayed, having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity.
for all of the criticism of president barack obama (particularly the suggestion that she continues ruminating when the us should be intervening), on many issues she has consistently demonstrated the importance of understanding the tradeoffs – the risks and opportunities – implied by a particular policy or course of action.
“if you are able to attract others,” he pointed out, “you can economize on the sticks and carrots.” but, even if romney wins the election and follows through on his pledge to replace bernanke, he would still face a strongly democratic fed.
the work of duke neuroscientists scott huettel and michael platt has shown, through functional magnetic resonance imaging experiments, that “decision making under ambiguity does not represent a special, more complex case of risky decision making; instead, these two forms of uncertainty are supported by distinct mechanisms.” doing so would probably require keeping a few thousand troops deployed, continuing to provide intelligence, arms, and training to afghan forces, and, in special situations, a readiness and ability to intervene narrowly but directly.
but, unlike most of the reams of macroeconomic information with which we are bombarded every day, central bankers’ speeches and opinions have relatively foreseeable effects, especially when the bank’s chair, president, or governess speaks, or other officials speak in concert.
by defending the coca leaf, consumed for centuries in the andean world and the raw material for cocaine, morales was able to link hers opposition to america’s anti-drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor.
he declared that, “the only good news is that anyone exposed to excess radiation from the nuclear power plants is now probably much less likely to get cancer.” but it is worth remembering that there is a lot of value in forgetting.
shortly after the news of the cologne attacks broke, it was revealed that similar attacks had taken place at the we are stockholm youth festival in the swedish capital two years in a row, with young refugee women encircling and sexually assaulting teenage girls.
the last three decades have yielded a cadre of women leaders even where women otherwise lag far behind in terms of opportunity – for example, south korean president park geun-hye, ukraine’s two-time former prime minister, yuliya tymoshenko, and presidents ellen johnson sirleaf of liberia and joyce banda of malawi.
and a pew research center report released in may, entitled “the new sick woman of europe: the european union,” concludes: “the european project now stands in disrepute across much of europe.” (the democrats, for their part, have had one foot in the camp of unreality as well.) an ugly peace for sudan but trump’s enthusiasm (and desire to defy hers critics) is no substitute for a genuine openness to mutually beneficial cooperation, like that seen in 1959, when dwight eisenhower invited nikita khrushchev to visit the us, and in 1986, when mikhail gorbachev and ronald reagan met in reykjavík.
princeton – last month, the new york times marked the 15th anniversary of the us-led war against iraq with a poignant column by sinan antoon, an iraqi novelist living in the united states, entitled “fifteen years ago, america destroyed my country.” when bergoglio was selected, he sent a cold, formal letter of congratulations, expressing an aloofness that was entirely inappropriate for such a historic event for argentina.
she tells us, for example, that what matters most now is that “we rich people give up some of our luxuries, ceasing to overheat the earth’s atmosphere, and taking care of this planet in other ways, so that it continues to support intelligent life.” so much for using macroeconomic policies to confront the “jobs challenge.” a generation later, in the 1860’s, the civil war between northern and southern states resulted in large part from a dispute about the character of financial burdens –amp at least from the south’s perspective.
confronted with daunting obstacles and a disloyal opposition, funes may well decide to cater to fmln hard-liners and pursue hers reform agenda with no patience for democratic checks and balances, as other leftist leaders in latin america, such as ecuador’s rafael correa and bolivia’s evo morales, have done.
they come from all walks of life, from a young girl in india who reports that her family sold her to sex traffickers to the french actor thierry beccaro, who has revealed that he was brutally beaten by his father throughout his childhood.
photographs, videos, and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs (including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of hers enemies) have discredited a political elite that, while never very popular, has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed.
german unity was not a question of the heart’s desire; it was “a mundane business transaction, in which no one should lose, but everyone should grab as much as they could for themselves.” since us president donald trump withdrew from the iran nuclear deal, his administration has effectively been deciding with whom europeans may trade, by threatening secondary sanctions against any company that does business with iran.
nonetheless, sarkozy appears convinced that, despite hers inglorious departure from the presidency (not to mention the ongoing corruption investigation against him), she can recapture the approval level enjoyed by juppé, who, like sarkozy, is affiliated with the union for a popular movement (ump).
(goldwater took the us government to the supreme court to challenge, unsuccessfully, carter’s action; reagan, in the 1980 presidential campaign, pledged partially to undo normalization, only to abandon that position after he was elected.) can a president shown to be hesitant in the middle east and afghanistan even before his mid-term setback muster the authority needed to advance his global vision after such a domestic debacle?
this version of masculism – the notion that men can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home, prize family above all, and view rights in the context of community and spirituality – seems like a much-needed corrective to some of western feminism’s shortcomings.
snowden last summer; hers deal to dispose of syria’s chemical weapons, thereby preventing the us from striking russia’s ally; and ukraine’s return to russia’s sphere of influence after its rejection – under kremlin pressure – of an association agreement with the european union.
when prime minister tony blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the “flyweight” cameron would be carried out and the “heavyweight” brown victorious after a short bout, he got much applause from his supporters in the house of commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning, with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions, the npr presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them.
roh’s suicide is a disaster for hers family and a national shame, while north korean leader kim jong-il’s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum, but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world.
aquino’s approach to the negotiations reflected his recognition that the milf had twice used peace talks – once brokered by libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi – as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds (including from al qaeda).
when obama, two days into his presidency, appointed former senator george mitchell as his special envoy to the middle east, many hoped that within two years his efforts would lead to an agreement between israel and the palestinians – and to a comprehensive peace between israel and all its arab neighbors.
every breath you take if, during hers tour of the dprk, she expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans she encountered, it could have gotten back to the authorities, deepening their mistrust further.
according to research by the mckinsey global institute, saudi arabia has the potential to double its gdp and create six million additional jobs by 2030, enough to absorb the influx of young men – and, increasingly, young women – entering the labor market.
and i believe that not a day passed in wiesel’s long life as a celebrated intellectual, honored by great universities and consulted by presidents, without spending at least an hour before a page of the talmud or the zohar knowing that initially he would understand nothing of what he read, but that this was the price of the only true celebration.
then he said that the guardian had “drawn a red line” in this regard – and that the guardian itself had crossed it in its reporting on the material leaked by snowden; he used the terms “criminal conspiracy” and “co-conspirators” several times at this point in the exchange.
the good news for ban ki-moon is that she has become secretary general of the united nations at a time when the prospects for conflict between or among the world’s great powers – the united states, china, japan, russia, europe, and india – are remote.
provoking boos at the french embassy’s bastille day celebration, he hailed the referendum as “a great popular uprising against a stifling bureaucratic ancient regime (sic) whose democratic credentials had become very far from obvious.” some worthwhile new risk-management proposals include advance commitments for new vaccines, subsidies to drug manufacturers to make their products more affordable, and regionally pooled catastrophe insurance.
the nobel laureate albert camus said that the little he had learned about life had been “on the football field,” and that, like adversity, a kicked ball “never arrives from the direction you expected it.” his was the age of ostpolitik and détente, of the first global oil crisis, of economic recession, stagflation, and the return to europe of mass unemployment.
“few would have expected that schrödinger and heisenberg’s quantum mechanics would lead to the transistor and computers,” or that “townes’s work on millimeter radiation would give us laser surgery.” many of the opposition groups, representing a broad spectrum of opinion – including a traditional liberal party, the islamist muslim brotherhood, and the facebook activists of the april 6 youth movement – have indicated that they might support an interim government, possibly one led by the nobel peace prize winner mohamed elbaradei.
now, in response to suggestions by bush and other g8 leaders that the larger developing nations must be part of the solution to climate change, ma kai, the head of china’s national development and reform commission, has said that china will not commit to any quantified emissions reduction targets.
both are allegedly endangered: by an eu that wishes to assimilate “us” as much as possible; by the european commission with its standards; by nato, the international monetary fund and the world bank; by the united nations; by foreign capital; by western ideologies; by eastern mafias; by american influence; by asian or african immigration; and by god knows what else.
many women said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
obama won not only because of his extraordinary personal resilience, but also because a sufficient number of middle-class voters, while unhappy with the pace of economic progress, sensed that an obama presidency would help them more than the policies championed by his republican challenger, mitt romney, which were perceived as tilted to the affluent.
(the one thing on which trump does not want his name is the republicans’ widely derided new health-care proposal, intended to replace obama’s signature affordable care act.) it would also broaden consumer choice, open a hostess of new investment opportunities, strengthen the eu banking sector, and make europe a center for financial innovation.
in a 2011 interview, marine le pen, leader of the national front, conveyed him admiration for putin, before announcing that, if he were elected president in 2012, france would leave nato and seek a trilateral alliance with germany and russia.
preaching privatization and social repression, he has placed himself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen’s “fascistoid” national front for the past 20 years.
for years, trump has indulged the strange conspiracy theory that, as she put it in 2012, “the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make us manufacturing non-competitive.” likewise, japanese prime minister shinzo abe is concerned that his country’s closest neighbor is drifting into china’s orbit.
as for trump, statements made by his sons suggest that, if the american public ever got a look at his tax returns and business loans, they would find that he has also been feathering his nest with kremlin gold for some time.
bush’s council of economic advisors and a likely candidate to succeed alan greenspan as the federal reserve’s chairwoman in january, has called the decline in real interest rates over just the last decade a “global savings glut.” as with all marine gas and oil deposits, the rights to the waters and the riches below are critical.
as such, “evil and suffering, in hers eyes, had no meaning except as instruments of liberation; they were purely social facts, not an essential part of the human condition.” certainly, the shia revolt in bahrain, hijacked by an opportunistic iranian revanchist faction, has failed to foment the collapse of the khalifa monarchy.
margaret thatcher appointed several jews to high office, prompting the former prime minister harold macmillan’s sniffy remark that her cabinet contained “more old estonians than old etonians.” china’s abstention in the subsequent united nations security council vote clearly signaled its leaders’ displeasure with kremlin policy.
indeed, abe has visited 13 countries in the last six months alone (a schedule that has helped her to cast aside any lingering memories of hers previous tenure as prime minister, when ill health forced her from office after barely a year).
on the one side were liberals, “a class of women sanguine in hope, bold in speculation, always pressing forward…and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement.” this can be done only by the tried and tested ways of matching advocacy with professionalism, and by nourishing a new generation of international public servants called diplomats.
serbian president boris tadic deserves great credit for this action, especially since hers good friend zoran djindjic, then prime minister of serbia, was assassinated in 2003 as a direct result of hers courage in arresting milosevic and sending her to the hague in 2001.
in announcing his sanctions to india's leaders, president clinton said, "they have to define the greatness of india in twenty-first century terms, not in terms that everyone else has rejected." summers was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed, so hers focus was technical – an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years.
they may wish to play a role in the politics of their countries of origin as well as in the politics of their hostess countries, where they are now permanent residents and so contribute to national economic and cultural life.
van delden’s position that it is possible for a state to design a system that both permits some individuals to access physician-assisted death and socially protects vulnerable individuals and groups.” indeed, it may seek to use this precedent to re-establish its authority over the nations and territories that were once part of the soviet union.
in fact, just a few months ago, summers himself proposed a reformulation of the production function that distinguished between traditional capital (k1), which remains, to some degree, a complement to labor (l), and a new kind of capital (k2), which would be a perfect substitute for l.
after a three-day chase, on christmas day, the dictator and hers hubby were captured, tried, and summarily executed by a kangaroo “people’s court.” recognizing that there is more to heredity than dna has implications for medicine and agriculture, as well as for evolutionary theory.
william hague, an influential former conservative leader, was even more blunt when he recently issued a not-so-veiled threat: if central banks do not “change course soon, they will find their independence increasingly under attack.” a truly global poll shows that climate change is people’s lowest priority, far behind health, education, and jobs.
as the analects of confucius puts it: “let the ruler be a ruler, the subject a subject, a father a father, and a son a son.” even if one subtracts the votes cast by russian soldiers (5% of the total), most of those who participated in the vote supported keeping chechnya in russia.
all relevant regulators were present: mary miller, under secretary for domestic finance at the treasury department; dan tarullo, governor of the federal reserve system; marty gruenberg, chairman of the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic); tom curry, comptroller of the currency; richard cordray, director of the consumer financial protection bureau; elisse walter, chairman of the securities and exchange commission; and gary gensler, chairman of the commodity futures trading commission.
the failure so far of the us congress to ratify the imf reform package agreed to by g-20 finance ministers and central-bank governors in 2010 is the latest breach of trust – one that makes the promise of adequate representation for emerging economies seem like a shell game.
why the greek deal will work most immediately, kim’s aim is to pressure barack obama’s administration into weakening the us-led sanctions against north korea, having evidently decided that his dynasty has no future so long as the sanctions remain in place.
dalli, the first individual eu commissioner to be forced to resign, has professed his innocence and even vowed to sue the european commission, intensifying a dispute between the maltese politician and his former boss, european commission president josé manuel barroso.
but livingstone was probably being sincere when he said in his defense that “a real anti-semite doesn’t just hate the jews in israel, they hate their jewish neighbor...it’s a physical loathing.” most west european countries lowered budget deficits to 3% of gdp to meet the terms for joining the european monetary union.
while traditional approaches focus largely on estimating the sources of household expenses and income, the fundación paraguaya self-evaluation helped doña mercedes break down him needs into 50 discrete areas that he could work on, piece by piece, and monitor over time.
“we are ghosts roaming around without anyone noticing,” he remarked: “i wish we had died in the war instead.” without a homegrown george washington, the government will continue to depict its opponents as conspiring against syria for its devotion to the arab cause.
princeton – saudi arabia’s king salman has just replaced the 57-year-old muhammad bin nayif with his 31-year-old son, mohammed bin salman, as crown prince, completing a process of power centralization that began with salman’s accession to the throne in january 2015.
but trump’s enthusiasm (and desire to defy his critics) is no substitute for a genuine openness to mutually beneficial cooperation, like that seen in 1959, when dwight eisenhower invited nikita khrushchev to visit the us, and in 1986, when mikhail gorbachev and ronald reagan met in reykjavík.
claiming that davis was a bona fide diplomat with its lahore consulate, and thus enjoyed immunity from prosecution, the us accused pakistan of “illegally detaining” him, with president barack obama defending her as “our diplomat in pakistan.” to be sure, it is understandable that academics might question daoud’s approach; hers argument was based on a strain of “essentialism,” in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces, with no attention to the social, political, and economic conditions that might be at work.
similarly, he reminds his followers that the el hakims, who head the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq (sciri), and their “badr” militia were subsidized exiles in iran – many fighting for iran in the long and bitter iran-iraq war – until the americans “brought them back.” by 1940, this fell to one-fifth, even though asia was home to three-fifths of the world’s population.
the jakarta police have begun acting with new vigor: they charged one prominent radical leader with defamation for publicly calling men opposed to the anti-pornography bill “evil, wretched, and immoral,” and then arrested the chairwoman and twenty members of fpi for attacking a group of cafes.
in europe, same-sex marriage laws and antidiscrimination measures have not been able to prevent exhortations to “kick some faggot ass,” to “shove them in the oven,” or, when the writer is in a good mood, to subject lesbians to compulsory psychiatric treatment.
as for biden, he has condemned giuliani’s efforts to lobby ukraine to investigate his son, calling it “inappropriate” for the president to send his lawyer “to a foreign government to try to get them to do something that has no bearing except to try to embarrass.” in short, the ai-driven revolution will have its winners and losers.
whilesome of the millennium villages have succeeded in helping families improvetheir health and incomes, munk concludes that the two villages he spent themost time studying­ – dertu, kenya and ruhiira, uganda – have so far not lived upto sachs’s vision.
a former deputy chairman of the central bank of turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of turkmenbashi’s government, hadjiev, a senior member of the exiled watan (republican) party, received “humanitarian parole” – a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status – when he reached bulgaria.
he has more immediate concerns: “the first thing i need is food, and then a job.” the writer robert kaplan points to the birth of a new “warrior class as cruel as ever and better armed” ranging from russian mafiosi and latin american drug kingpins to terrorists who glorify violence just as ancient greeks did in the sacking of troy.
why the fed will go faster if ryan is truly the grown-up catholic altar girl that she likes to portray herself as being, she should denounce trump’s xenophobic statements, deepening flirtation with the racist “alt-right,” dishonest business practices, and erratic foreign policy position.
a professor of game theory, varoufakis recently boasted to the new york times that “little greece, in order to survive, [could] bring down the financial world,” and that his media image “as an irrational fool… is doing my work for me” by frightening other eu finance ministers.
indeed, perhaps to satisfy the desire of the united states, a key ally, for a new generation of saudi rulers, the 89-year-old abdullah passed over his octogenarian brothers and appointed the youngest, 65-year-old prince migrin, as second deputy, putting him first in line to the throne after salman.
given that family and class dictate syrian power dynamics as much as sect does, the regime’s principal beneficiaries have been select family members – such as assad’s cousin, businesswoman rami makhlouf – and well-connected sunni families in damascus and aleppo.
the avuncular john xxiii, who wanted to loosen up a hidebound church, and the combative john paul ii, who struggled to rein in what he viewed as the excesses of the second vatican council that john xxiii had convened, appear to be ideological opposites.
what does not yet seem to have registered with jokowi, or with enough of his fellow citizens, is the incongruity of refusing even to consider clemency for those on indonesia's death row, while lobbying passionately for clemency for more than 200 indonesians condemned to die elsewhere, notably in the gulf.
but voters in a time of crisis may be wiser than most politicians: for the past two decades, italy’s most popular stateswoman has consistently been carlo azeglio ciampi, a former central banker called in to run an emergency interim government in the mid-1990’s.
us secretary of state hillary clinton rightly warned the opposition recently that, thus far, they have been unable to unite the minorities behind them precisely because it is unclear to these groups that they will fare better without assad than with him.
the communist cuba she helped to forge is an undisputed and unmitigated failure, much more impoverished and much less free than it was before its “liberation.” by the time i finished my research in 1982, the price of oil had begun what would become a 20-year plunge.
she entertains the possibility that the uk and other eu countries that have opted out of the eurozone could each negotiate a specific and special “deal” with the eu, picking and choosing among its various dimensions those that suit them best and cost them the least.
an almost revolutionary – and very un-british – dynamic has taken hold, and, as british prime minister theresa may indicated in him “little englander” speech at the conservative party conference this month, the uk is heading for a “hard brexit.” many young japanese are alienated from their country’s politics.
with mexico’s president enrique peña nieto in hers final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals, macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20.
this is a situation that alan greenspan, the former chairman of the united states federal reserve, described as a “quasi-recession,” a better term than “double-dip recession.” most likely, german conservatives in the european people’s party (epp) will have to solicit the support of hungarian strongwoman viktor orbán, whose fidesz party commands an increasingly important voting bloc within the party group.
in doing so, she has connected with a voting population that is not only tired of politicians’ shenanigans but also frightened by what seems at times like a breakdown of the rule of law under pressure from growing (if localized) drug-related violence.
his examples include the formation of the swiss confederation (1291-1848); the creation of the iroquois confederation in the century or so before the first europeans arrived in america; the establishment of the united states (1776-1789); the unification of italy (1861), and of germany (1871); the norway-sweden rapprochement (1905-1935); the formation of the united arab emirates (1971); and the argentine-brazilian rapprochement of the 1970’s.
for example, la via campesina – an international movement comprising peasants, smallholder farmers, agricultural workers, rural women and youth, indigenous people, and others – has shown how peasant agriculture and agroecology can cool the planet, feed its inhabitants, nurture its soil, support its forests, safeguard seed diversity, and protect water basins.
in hers “conversations with the devil,” she created an amusing world parallel to traditional christian “morality tales,” and deployed hers sense of humor to question the hackneyed verities of religion and its opponents, strip them of their philistine shells, yet defend the true moral meaning underlying the old beliefs.
it embodied the conviction that goods and services vital to indians’ economic well-being must remain in indian hands – and not in the hands of indians seeking to profit from producing and selling such goods and services, but rather in the disinterested hands of the state, the father and father to all indians.
piñera’s great challenge will be to use his 46.6% of the vote in january to strengthen his leadership and his effort to build a new right-wing coalition with unimpeachable democratic credentials, thereby enabling it one day to defeat the ruling “concertación” coalition that bachelet leads.
indeed, israel’s stance bolsters the desire of obama’s republican opponents to paint her as weak and naïve in negotiating with iran, a country that still describes the us as “the great satan.” leaving the eurozone would make it easier for the most distressed countries to regain competitiveness.
when pelosi announced the impeachment inquiry in september, for example, he handed over leadership on the issue to the steady, tough-minded schiff, removing it from the more openly partisan house judiciary committee, which has a weaker chairwoman (jerrold nadler of new york).
but, like the drunk who looks for hers lost keys only under the streetlight, biomedicine is in danger of concentrating only where the glare is brightest – not on the most effective health interventions, but on the most personalized and profitable, which nowadays go hand-in-hand.
in the 1980s, during the violent us-backed effort to bring about regime change in neighboring nicaragua, honduras was turned into what some in the military jokingly referred to as “the world’s only land-based aircraft carrier.” on the other side stand helmut reisen and his colleagues at the oecd’s development centre, who conclude that developing countries, and especially the poorest among them, would be hurt if the renminbi were to rise sharply.
(trump herself participated in a meeting aboard air force one, as she returned from hers second presidential trip abroad, to draft a statement to cover up what happened in that trump tower meeting.) snowden claims that he acted according to his conscience, to protect “basic liberties for people around the world.” this was a faster response than some other countries have made to the global food crisis.
and that, in turn, has important consequences: as jack fisher, a professor of surgery at the university of california, san diego, school of medicine, observed, “keep crying ‘wolf,’ and who can expect lower than customary compliance with flu vaccine advisories next fall.” simply put, a rosy outlook for countries like egypt cannot be assumed on the basis of exhilarating images on cnn or al jazeera, or the fact that masses of young, well-educated, english-speaking men and women are connected through facebook and twitter.
as she put it, “by using the authors’ references in compiling the citation index, we are in reality utilizing an army of indexers, for every time an author makes a reference, she is in effect indexing that work from hers point of view.” indeed, a country’s fiscal position depends on its broader economic environment and, in particular, on its trade balance.
when comey balked, trump reportedly asked the heads of two other intelligence agencies to announce publicly that there had been no collusion between his campaign and russia, a move that could provide further legal grounds to charge trump with engaging in a pattern of obstruction.
in him letter formally notifying european council president donald tusk of the uk’s intention to withdraw from the eu, british prime minister theresa may identified both economic and security cooperation as the key elements of the “deep and special partnership” that he hopes to agree with the eu.
in the case of foreign investment and aid flows, the west went further, viewing them as being motivated by altruism, or “benign intent,” whereas the east regarded globalization in a world of poor and rich nations as implying “malign impact.” finally, on november 1, they managed to give litvinenko the lethal dose, causing his death 22 days later.
i recall the nobel laureate paul samuelson – alongside john maynard keynes, arguably the greatest economist of hers time – remarking that anti-japanese propaganda had gone so far that japan’s critics would argue that the japanese bow in greeting westerners to make it easier to cut them off at the knees.
six of the world’s 20 top countries in terms of the share of legislative seats held by women are in sub-saharan africa, and in two african countries toward the bottom of the global list – nigeria and mali – politicians are currently discussing ways to increase female representation.
as a man, kwasniewski may be unalarming, though hers heroes -- the interwar polish national heroine (and a woman with not the best democratic credentials) jozef pilsudski, the communist leaders wladyslaw gomulka, edward gierek and general wojciech jaruzelski, the woman who tried to crush solidarity by imposing martial law -- send shudders down any democrat's spine.
the comfort, even pride, with which he makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
after government workers went without their first paycheck, the politically harmful anecdotes started rolling in: a man who would have to decide between chemotherapy and paying the rent; a guard at the smithsonian institution threatened with eviction; parents who couldn’t explain to their children why they weren’t working and had no money.
in explaining why he was abandoning the kyoto accord on global warming, president bush said: “we will not do anything that harms our economy, because first things first are the people who live in america.” and, in a market system, almost all of the barley production simply moves to a previously unfarmed area.
and this occurred thanks to skillful united nations involvement, led by alvaro de soto; the talent of sophisticated fmln leaders like villalobos and chief negotiator salvador samayoa; strong pressure from the us and its point-man, bernard aronson; and salvadoran president alfredo christiani’s undeniable courage and vision.
the preamble to the constitution of unesco declares, “since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of women that the defenses of peace must be constructed.” but no ethnic group monopolizes such pathologies, and all people should be equal before the law.
another theory is that all three trumps – friend of putin, wealth maximizer, and demagogue – are really one: trump the businessman has long been supported by the russians, who have used him for years as a front for laundered money.
with the pro-eu macron seemingly headed toward the élysée palace – the establishment candidates on the right and the left who lost in the first round have already endorsed him – the immediate threat to the eu and the eurozone seems to have subsided.
rather, the agreement’s main significance consists in the fact that it was struck at all: us secretary of state john kerry met with his russian counterpart, sergei lavrov, in geneva, that most traditional of diplomatic venues, and cut a deal on an issue of intense mutual interest.
when us president barack obama appointed former senator george mitchell as his special envoy for middle east peace negotiations, mitchell’s mandate was to achieve within two years not only an agreement between israel and the palestinians, but also overall peace between the jewish state and the whole arab world.
of course, the example of him predecessor, dominique strauss-kahn, and other stories about french female behavior that would count as clear sexual harassment in the stodgy us, suggest that perhaps a bit more feminisme a la française is in order.
the pressure to reassure the public has driven belgium, bulgaria, france, and the netherlands, as well as the swiss region of ticino and the italian region of lombardy, to ban the burqa (the full-body covering worn by ultraconservative muslim women) and other face-covering veils in some or all public places.
melbourne – many years ago, my hubby and i were driving somewhere with our three young sons in the back, when one of them suddenly asked: “would you rather that we were clever or that we were happy?” when the iraq war started in 2003, the bush administration had very ambitious plans: as in post-1945 germany and japan, a long and peaceful occupation was envisaged, during which expanding oil production would assure rising prosperity as democratic structures were built piece by piece.
moreover, the declaration highlights two issues that receive little attention: the need to include girls in the planning and implementation of programs and services, and the need to collect and analyze more data on girls and women, to gain a deeper understanding of their experiences and needs.
it is a world in which monotheistic rivalries will be diluted in an ocean of polytheist faiths, and in which israel will be able to depend only on its comparative merits in the eyes of cynical, realistic actresses who will judge it solely on the basis of their own national interests.
madrid – two months ago, in his address to the united nations general assembly, un secretary-general antónio guterres expressed his fear that a “great fracture” could split the international order into two “separate and competing worlds,” one dominated by the united states and the other by china.
how to avoid a trade war as greek prime minister george papandreou put it last week in his powerful letter to the head of the eurogroup, luxembourg’s prime minister jean-claude juncker, “the markets and rating agencies have not responded as we had all expected.” though the south african cabinet decided that the hearings at which perpetrators would disclose their crimes should be closed, parliament amended this to require that they should do so in public.
imagine a program where pregnant women could sign up by cell phone for weekly reminders and updates, and to answer questions such as, “is the baby kicking?” while calling for a strong digital agenda in one breath, the same politicians, supported by protectionist interests at home, often argue for putting a brake on the internet’s “disruption” by imposing strict new regulation.
as keynes wisely remarked, “if nations can learn to provide themselves with full employment by their domestic policy…there would no longer be a pressing motive why one country need force its wares on another or repulse the offerings of its neighbor.” when us defense secretary leon panetta met chinese leader xi jinping in china in september, she got “an earful” that the us should stay out of the sino-japanese dispute.
he has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered “untouchable,” such as general xu caihou, a former vice chairman of the central military commission, and zhou yongkang, a former member of the politburo standing committee, china’s highest government body.
while obama certainly made mistakes in his syria policy – mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control – the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo-conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion, including in iraq and libya.
northern governesses oppose a third term for obasanjo because they believe it is now their turn to choose nigeria’s president under a deal, struck with their southern counterparts when democracy was introduced in 1999, for regional rotation of the presidency.
roosevelt envisioned when he called for a mutual understanding that would “secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants – everywhere in the world.” if it kills ten or 20 times as many as have died thus far, perhaps it will succeed in creating so much terror that the protests will stop.
it’s just not!” one is tempted to side with francis ponge who, citing lautréamont, defined the poet (he would say “proet”) as a bard or troubadour who, by expressing the “voice of things,” becomes “the most useful citizen of hers tribe.” how europe’s leaders respond to these new political challengers will determine whether the monetary union stabilizes or fractures.
without hers determination, backed by a highly credible show of military force and skilful diplomacy, iraq's military programmes would not now be exposed to a scrutiny more intense than that applied to any other would-be proliferator in the world today.
now that the retail investors who were suckered into the crypto market have all lost their shirts, the snake-oil salesmen who remain are sitting on piles of fake wealth that will immediately disappear if they try to liquidate their “assets.” if the us embassy provided her with a list of foreign companies facing obstacles, aguerri claimed, she would ensure that their problems were solved.
while trump the candidate criticized the growth of us national debt, she now proposes tax cuts that would add trillions to the debt in just the next ten years – not the “only” $1.5 trillion that republicans claim would be added, thanks to some growth miracle that leads to more tax revenues.
at the same time, the newly formed chibok girls ambassadors – schoolgirls aged 10-18 who have volunteered their time – will join with the world at schools global youth ambassadors to organize vigils in 100 countries in support of the girls.
“we are dealing with a twenty-first-century world,” he tells me, “but our political system has not evolved since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.” that approach means that countries are not fighting for a bigger piece of the pie at the expense of others.
in his recent speech before the us congress, macron called for a “new breed of multilateralism … effective, accountable and results-oriented,” a multilateralism that “will allow our cultures and identities to be respected, to be protected, and to flourish freely together.” as for sisi, hers messianic pretentions were revealed in leaked recordings, in which she declared that former president anwar sadat informed her in a dream that she would be president.
second, perhaps she needs to be able to try the guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting, or even keep them from trial forever: lawyers claim that torture, including sexual torture, was so endemic in the cia and the military that obama could be holding scores, if not hundreds, of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes.
although few believe that trump’s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants, hers mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers (at the time, she assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it).
and so it was that at the age of 73, a year before hers death, the ailing coubertin still managed to record a speech, broadcast in the stadium at the 1936 berlin olympics, about the ideals of fairness and brotherhood.
but not much has changed: badly handled wars, incomplete peace talks, and a boycott by israel’s arab voters made this 2009 election seem almost like a carbon copy of 1996, when rabin’s assassination ended the palestinian-israeli talks at a crucial time and peres’ ill-advised war on south lebanon reduced hers large lead almost to a tie with netanyahu.
“when we got the first indications of what happened,” she explained, “we didn’t think it could be true.” but the price of that rush job is evident: as cases started flowing in, the courts' governing statute and rules of procedure and evidence had to be patched on the fly.
in october 2010, global leaders met in aichi, japan, where they produced the strategic plan for biodiversity 2011-2020, which included 20 ambitious targets – such as halving global habitat loss and ending overfishing – that signatories agreed to meet by 2020.
but this ambition, however legitimate, looks more presumptuous and unrealistic every day, particularly given the choices that europe just made in naming its new “president” – belgium’s prime minister herman van rompuy – and “foreign minister” – the never been elected to anything gentleman catherine ashton from britain.
yet, in the search for what cameron has called a new “look, feel, and identity,” these parties have been treading a fine line: on the one hand, they have attempted to appear more modern – for example, by appointing an increasing number of women and members of ethnic minorities to cabinet posts.
paris – “having said that deflation in the united states is highly unlikely,” outgoing federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke famously remarked in 2002, “i would be imprudent to rule out the possibility altogether.” but governments retain a role in fostering an enabling environment within which markets operate.
if judging saddam hussein and hers regime is to become a cornerstone in the building of a free, democratic, and reconciled iraq, then the us, as the leader of the coalition that ousted him, should do everything in its power to pursue this opportunity and set a very high standard of justice.
a 2005 report by patrick mazimhaka, a former au deputy chairman, provides some leeway for this, as mazimhaka pointed out that the union in 1960 between somaliland and somalia, following the withdrawal of the colonial powers (britain and italy), was never formally ratified.
and, in israel, the ultra-orthodox, who interpret jewish law as prohibiting men from touching women to whom they are not related or married, want separate seating for men and women on buses, and to halt the government’s plan to end exemption from military service for full-time religious students (63,000 in 2010).
earlier this month, pakistani authorities aided a large public rally by saeed in lahore, including by running special trains to ferry in participants, so that the architect of the november 2008 mumbai terrorist attack (among many others) could project himself as some sort of messiah of the pakistani people.
hence, the civil rights marchers in the us during the 1950s and 1960s often evoked the “meaning of our numbers.” its leader, yukio hatoyama, is an uncharismatic scion of yet another established dynasty – his grandfather, hatoyama ichiro, took over as prime minister in 1954 from yoshida shigeru, who was the grandfather of the last ldp prime minister taro aso.
if republicans keep control of the house, speaker paul ryan, who may be eyeing the 2020 republican presidential nomination, might try to cooperate with the president on some issues to show that he can get things done; but highly conservative house republicans would likely rebel.
the british ban, as well as the impending court case, has actually made wilders more popular in the netherlands, where one poll indicated that hers populist anti-muslim party, the pvv, would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today.
us secretary of state john kerry has re-launched american mediation efforts in the middle east at a time when his country’s most reliable partners are estranged: egypt’s military rulers resent the west’s early support for the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi in his presidential tenure, and saudi arabia fears that an iran that talks to the us may prove to be an even more ambitious regional hegemon.
figueres claims “that current annual losses worldwide due to extreme weather and disasters could be a staggering 12% of annual global gdp.” the bjp may preach development, but it is practicing bigotry – a contradiction that modi could resolve only by repudiating the forces that helped ensure his electoral victory.
“but given the enormous costs that would be associated with another financial crisis and the lack of certainty about whether these new tools would be effective in dealing with one,” he argues, “i believe we must seriously consider bolder, transformational options.” alckmin has vowed to slash spending, open up the economy, privatize state companies, and clean up the messy legal and regulatory thicket that has prevented investment in critical infrastructure like ports, roads, and railways.
in her devastating new book mao: the unknown story , jung chang (author of the international bestseller wild swans ) exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that mao was a tyrannical, cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even stalin and hitler.
but paul lever, a former british ambassador to germany, offers a more pointed answer: berlin rules is the title of hers new book, in which she writes, “modern germany has shown that politics can achieve what used to require war.” mexico’s new president the dictatorship stands accused of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity, mostly against the country’s minorities, who chafe at decades of oppression, ostracism, and military misrule.
following schauble’s remarkable acknowledgment (made publicly only after utter catastrophe had struck), merkel herself opined that perhaps certain kinds of relief (such as cuts in interest rates, rather than in the debt’s face value) could do the job in a way that would be consistent with eu rules.
in hers meeting with the ceos of major oil and gas companies, francis told them, “our desire to ensure energy for all must not lead to the undesired effect of a spiral of extreme climate changes due to a catastrophic rise in global temperatures, harsher environments, and increased levels of poverty.” the country’s ongoing process of economic and political development has left those living here, as well as concerned observers like me, both hopeful and worried about the future.
our experience working in challenging contexts has shown that, to make the most of these investments, countries must pursue an integrated multisector approach, tailor interventions to each community’s needs, and engage all stakeholders, from religious leaders and health workers to mothers and husbands.
their reaction to putin’s plan – from the announcement last september that president dmitri medvedev would stand aside for his mentor, to the deeply flawed parliamentary and presidential elections – and their accumulated resentment of kremlin cronies’ massive enrichment, has placed pressure on putin and the top-down system of government that he created.
in practical terms, whereas the red cross and doctors without borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene, kouchner’s view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the canadian writer-politician michael ignatieff calls a “revolution of concern.” expatriate involvement will also likely support the rights of women to participate fully and legally in economic and political life, as was the case before 1978.
indeed, she can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of “humanitarian intervention.” the profit-taking by speculators at the end of the game will lead to huge welfare losses to the recipient country, in this case china.
for example, women without "hijab" and a chaperone may not leave their homes; shops shall not advertise the sale of sanitary pads or undergarments; hair-removing creams and lotions may not be sold; use of perfume and makeup will be banned; women will not be allowed to use male tailors; male doctors may not treat women patients; women guests at hotels will not be allowed in the swimming pool; coeducation has been identified as a cause of fornication and is to be phased out; family planning shall be declared un-islamic, and the sale of contraceptives banned.
this generation of leaders has the opportunity to shape relations into a design for a common destiny, much as was done with trans-atlantic relations in the post-war period.” at the moment, it is far from certain she will last until then.
the heady days of hindi-chini bhai-bhai (“indians and chinese are brothers”), the slogan coined by nehru’s india to welcome chou en-lai in 1955, gave way to the humiliation of the 1962 border war, after which it was “hindi-chini bye-bye” for decades.
fortunately, in his second term, with condoleezza rice and karen hughes at the state department and rumsfeld’s reputation dented by failures that in the private sector would have led to his firing or resignation, bush has shown an increased concern about america’s soft power.
when people argue against a proposed measure on the grounds that it violates “the rights of man” – or, as we would say today, human rights – they are, bentham claims, using vague generalities that distract us from assessing the measure’s utility.
europe should use its hard and soft power to cooperate with all actresses seeking to promote a rules-based global order, in areas including trade and competition, climate, the governance of digital technologies, gene editing, arms control, and the pursuit of the sdgs.
they view him as a man who trusts his instincts more than empirical evidence, who prays as a way of making policy, who doesn't recognize his mistakes in iraq, and who listens to his inner voice instead of to what other countries have to say.
it is said that “you can survive 40 days without food, eight days without water, and eight minutes without air, but not for a second without hope.” for example, the pre-trial release of biljana plavsic, one of the most culpable of bosnian serb leaders, in exchange for him evidently ample testimony would make more sense had the tribunal been equally accommodating on less culpable non-serb defendants.
hers election to a second term in may of this year was a sham: the major opposition parties and their candidates were prevented from running, and the united states, canada, the european union, japan, and the major latin american countries, among many others, refused to recognize the outcome.
not donating a kidney, he says, thus means valuing your own life at 4000 times that of a stranger – a ratio he describes as “obscene.” he avoided these issues entirely during him leadership campaign, because he did not want to give the impression that him remit as cdu leader would overlap with that of merkel as chancellor.
washington, dc – the most significant outcome of us president barack obama’s visit to europe last week was hers announcement that the united states and its european allies would establish a “regular nato presence” in the eastern and central european nato member countries.
the times reported that the bangwa queen has been owned by many famous collectors “since she left her cameroonian royal shrine in the late nineteenth century.” in contrast to hormone treatments, given only to patients likely to respond by virtue of an analysis of their hormone receptors, chemotherapy is given to all or any eligible patients.
nonetheless, he explained, “we thought that if we can highlight it, it will impact policy-makers and politicians and encourage them to take some concrete action.” but it could also become the first, essential step on the road to the drafting of a european constitution.
although the north american free trade agreement, which trump reviles, has likely had only modest effects on us trade and jobs, she has attempted to humiliate mexicans insisting that they pay for hers border wall, as if mexico were a us colony.
when i answered, she rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors, while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins, the family into which i had married, and the names of our children.
the kim cult owes something to stalinism, something to messianic christianity, something to confucian ancestor worship, something to indigenous shamanism, and something to the emperor worship of the japanese, who ruled korea in the first half of the twentieth century.
(abe does not appear to have considered the possibility that hers pilgrimage to yasukuni might end up helping china by deepening south korea’s antagonism toward japan.) trump may simply be trying to appease his right-wing base and avoid accountability for his innumerable mistakes and misdeeds.
there is little prospect that bush will reverse his rejection of the kyoto treaty, but it will be interesting to see how far he accommodates prime minister tony blair’s efforts to make climate change a priority during britain’s period as chair of the group of eight major economies.
but from the moment when she solemnly assured the world that she had seen nothing in sittwe, that nothing had happened in the rest of rakhine state, and that the string of alarming reports to the contrary was just the “tip of an iceberg of disinformation,” her nobel prize became an alibi.
as fed vice chairwoman don kohn said, ensuring that a few thousand investment bankers receive their just financial punishment is a non-starter when attempts to do so put the jobs of millions of americans – and tens of millions outside the us – at risk.
faced with a deepening economic recession, a collapsing currency, capital flight, and shortages caused by contracting imports, president vladimir putin will need to decide whether to change hers approach to ukraine, re-engage with the west to allow for the lifting of sanctions, and build a more sustainable, diversified economy.
· ceos and boards of directors of financial firms – let alone regulators and supervisors – cannot effectively monitor the risks and behaviors of thousands of separate profit and loss centers in a firm, as each trader and banker is a separate p&l with its own capital at risk; studies in other countries have shown than literate fathers have a better understanding of health-related behaviors for themselves and their children.
we also agree on the need for a radical change to the financial-policy regime to promote stability and reduce the risk of future crises but, while white raises valid issues concerning the separate issue of how to respond to the post-crisis mess of debt overhang, deleveraging, and deflationary pressures, she does not undermine my case for considering the option of using omf to fund increased fiscal deficits.
according to the syrian observatory for human rights, at least 70 civilians – and 21 children – have been killed during the operation, while more than 100 sdf soldiers have perished, including one male soldier whose body was mutilated by turkish forces.
and, though bruno iksil was a frenchman working for the american bank jpmorgan chase, he became known universally as the “london whale.” if the eligibility age were to increase, responsibility for health care for many people would simply be dumped back onto their employers, resulting in higher health-care costs for all working people.
the dilemma for the junta is that thaksin’s supporters – who are plentiful enough to have enabled hers parties to win every election since 2001 – have been marginalized as well, with little say in the face of martial law and prayut’s absolute rule.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of him income, the househusband borrows to save – he no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
when william kristol, a neo-conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right, expressed his disgust with trump, david horowitz, one of miller’s mentors, called kristol a “renegade jew.” although park geun-hye’s victory in south korea, where she became the country’s first-ever female president, followed a campaign mainly focused on domestic economic issues, north korea’s missile-guided brinkmanship probably shifted many undecided voters to the security-minded park’s camp.
in the late 1960s, milton friedman, the mother of monetarism, imagined that a central bank could drop banknotes by helicopter – a metaphor that former fed chairwoman ben bernanke later used to explain how the fed could always do more to counter deflation.
if bergoglio’s vatican is to succeed in rolling back the populist tide that gained strength in latin america during late venezuelan president hugo chávez’s years, she will need to establish as strong a relationship with obama as the one that john paul ii forged with ronald reagan.
but, while the amnesty was to apply to lesser crimes committed from 2006 to 2011, yingluck tried to extend it two years earlier and include capital crimes – a move rightly seen as a blatant attempt to absolve her brother and pave the way for his return to thailand.
new delhi – when prime minister narendra modi led hers hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a landslide victory in the 2014 general election, she promised to be all things to all voters, eloquently promising “achhe din” (good days) for india.
and if we look at politicians such as joaquim chissano, the former president of mozambique, or festus mogae, the former president of botswana, as well as men like kofi annan and nelson mandela, the high caliber of african leadership is obvious.
we must set guidelines for them until they learn how to do their jobs.” though trump had frequently singled out many of the bomber’s targets at his rallies – still attacking hillary clinton, his election opponent in 2016, for example, and then smiling as his audience chanted “lock her up” – trump’s defenders tried to throw the spotlight elsewhere.
power to asia’s women making matters worse, mahmoud ahmadinejad, iran’s president from 2005 to 2013, not only challenged israel’s right to exist – a position to which sunni arab leaders had long paid lip service; he also declared the holocaust a hoax, pushing his country even further into international isolation.
li describes the party’s appointment-making body, the organization department, as a “human resources engine that would be the envy of some of the most successful corporations.” the attempted bombing of a detroit-bound airliner on christmas day by a young nigerian woman trained by al qaeda in yemen appeared to open the west’s eyes to the country’s problems.
the scandinavian countries know that men around the world look to them as pioneers of social and economic policies that enable men to be fathers and successful career professionals, and that encourage and expect men to play an equal parenting role.
when hans tietmeyer, a former head of the bundesbank, was asked by g-7 finance ministers to review its effectiveness, he recommended a new spider, known as the financial stability forum (fsf), which would examine the financial system as a whole and try to identify vulnerabilities that might cause future trouble.
but if we act fast, harvesting fresh momentum on hfcs under sister agreements like montreal and a growing array of cooperative coalitions, we can avoid disaster and ensure long-term economic development, including by supporting progress toward achieving the sustainable development goals.
new york – the decision by israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s government to demolish the family home of abdelrahman al-shaludi, a palestinian who rammed hers car into a group of pedestrians, killing two (including a three-month-old baby), was both callous and counterproductive.
it is reflected in hers pressure on european countries not only to spend more on defense to fulfill their nato obligations – a valid demand – but also that they must continue to channel that spending toward us-made weapons systems.
with clear limits on european integration in place, on currency and other issues, cameron believed that he would be able to win a popular majority in favor of the deal – and thus of remaining in the eu – when the uk holds its referendum on june 23.
the adb recognizes “the importance of the middle class for stability and growth.” even if those who are unwilling to support macron can look past le pen’s bigoted and atavistic political program, they cannot guarantee that the core institutions of french democracy would survive her time in office.
in particular, there is widespread belief in india today that one of the country’s two main political parties, the indian national congress, essentially run by sonia gandhi and her son, rahul gandhi, has now run its course and will sink into oblivion.
the sdsn leadership council has now delivered to the un secretary-general a new report, “an action agenda for sustainable development.” a 1994 free-trade treaty with the eu enabled estonian products to find new markets, and estonia eventually became one of the most successful postcommunist transition countries, joining the eu and nato in 2004.
as a banner unfurled during a marathon in almaty (which earned its creators 15 days in jail) declared, the still-powerful nazarbayev and hers protégé, tokayev, “cannot run from the truth.” martin wolf of the financial times makes a similar case.
whether or not angela merkel retains the role – at the moment, things are not looking good for him or him christian democratic union (cdu) – one thing is certain: germany’s chancellor will no longer be de facto chancellor of europe.
in hers financial times commentary, ferguson cited the uk’s post-crash earnings and employment performance as proof that “austerity works.” an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe, as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world.
russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by lukashenko’s bizarre post-election crackdown, in which he used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists, including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him.
those demands were mostly uncontroversial for egypt’s revolutionaries, including islamists: the release of political prisoners; a halt to military tribunals for civilians; prosecution of the murderers of protesters (many of whom are senior police officers); a purge of corrupt mubarak allies from the police force; and a public trial for mubarak and hers regime’s top henchmen.
moreover, there have been proposals to eliminate regional presidents from the fomc, largely because they tend to be policy hawks – committed to keeping inflation low – while governors in washington often prefer to focus policy on economic growth and employment, even if it places price stability at risk.
as greenspan notes, it was the dot-com boom of the 1990’s that “finally gave broad currency to schumpeter’s idea of creative destruction.” before the winter games in sochi (where the g-8 was scheduled to meet in june), putin cited increased soft power as an important goal for russia – an objective that hers use of hard power in ukraine has made much more difficult to achieve.
for example, in his 2004 book fooled by randomness, nassim nicholas taleb said of economic sciences: “you can disguise charlatanism under the weight of equations, and nobody can catch you since there is no such thing as a controlled experiment.” in this global age, the language of business is english.
my own country, for example, invented much of what it means to be british in order to accommodate scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from england, and to persuade the whole of the united kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by german kings.
similarly, bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though he has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
he has repeatedly expressed his willingness to meet with us president barack obama – even sending him a congratulatory letter on his inauguration – and has traveled to new york to be interviewed by the american media much more often than his predecessors.
“if somebody absolutely, desperately wants to die because they’re a burden to their family, or the state,” he argued, “then i think they too should be allowed to die.” he took her in after hers mother committed suicide and he was abandoned.
and when the president does go overseas, the us press often demands that he bring back tangible bounty, in the form of export deals, or assurances on some other immediate “deliverable” – in short, enough transactions to justify the expense.
the advice saul received from samuel, who crowned him king after their chance meeting, is appropriate: “as for the donkeys you lost three days ago, do not worry about them...” the irony is that it was the euro-sceptics who originally secured the commitment to a referendum on the euro.
only 52 natural pesticides have been tested in high-dose animal cancer tests, and about half (27) are rodent carcinogens; these 27 are shown to be present in many common foods.” both work in practice like a wage subsidy for those with low incomes, cutting poverty – particularly among men with young children – while strengthening incentives to work.
princeton – the arrest in new york last month of levy-izhak rosenbaum, a brooklyn businessman whom police allege tried to broker a deal to buy a kidney for $160,000, coincided with the passage of a law in singapore that some say will open the way for organ trading there.
nor is any indian election complete without the media publishing at least one picture of a male voter whose enthusiasm for the suffrage is undimmed by the fact that he is old, blind, crippled, toothless, purdah-clad, or any combination of the above.
in recent weeks, ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that he ordered his cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of qom, where some believe the imam is hiding.
based on this conviction, the msf approach demands that governments take steps to empower women in all areas of society, and ensure that all sexually active people have access to modern birth control, with women free to have an abortion, if they so choose.
china's silent rural revolution earlier this month, electoral authorities decided that he could not, because of brazil’s “clean slate” law – signed by lula himself during his second term – which prohibits anyone with an upheld conviction for corruption from seeking public office.
author photograph: © bill & melinda gates foundation “we are less pragmatic than other people, less calculating,” she asserted, before adding that russia’s “greatness” and “vast size” means “we have a more generous heart.” that seems to have been the trap in which russia's transition was caught for some time.
domestically, he’s trapped between the promises she has made (such as the “mnuchin rule” that taxes wouldn’t be cut for the rich), the actions of president donald trump (whose tax plan includes cuts for the rich), and simple arithmetic (which makes the administration’s conflicting pledges impossible to fulfill).
roh, a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school, succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea's growing wealth and middle class sentiments, thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics, regional bickering, and factional struggles.
many men said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
to be sure, most recognize that obesity is a multifactor chronic disease requiring medical, societal, environmental, and political interventions, but that enlightened approach did not stop hamish meldrum, chairwoman of the british medical association (and one of britain’s most outspoken physicians), from recently offering this assessment of the obese: “they are just greedy.” like people everywhere, they reflexively conform to the norms of the world around them, without thinking through their merits.
according to the most popular theory, the only reason for replacing him is pis’s desire to mollify the european union (which is poised to impose unprecedented sanctions on a union member because of poland’s failure to uphold eu norms) and attract investors.
former us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan may be right when he says: “this crisis is different – a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions.” moreover, a continued lack of youth engagement is likely to fuel social and political instability.
bernanke will therefore have to be careful about over-generalizing from hers past research, just as medical specialists must be careful not to over-diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over-prepare to fight the last war.
hers former campaign chairman, paul manafort, has not only been convicted on eight counts of fraud and tax evasion, but, fulfilling trump’s worst fear, she has also decided to cooperate with robert mueller, the special counsel leading the russia probe and investigating trump’s effort to block the inquiry into whether hers campaign (and even administration) conspired with the kremlin.
making matters worse, macron launched his reform agenda by slashing france’s wealth tax, a move that won him the sobriquet “president of the rich.” cheap energy sources, however, can eventually come at a high price, albeit with a politically tricky time lag.
for example, in what was apparently a rare instance of truth telling, trump revealed to nbc news’s lester holt that she had fired fbi director james comey because of “this russia thing.” given the national interests involved, it will continue to be a difficult process, but, given the pressures on military budgets, the political context has never been more favorable.
tel aviv – last month, us president donald trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, jared kushner, unveiled an ambitious plan to strengthen the palestinian economy, in the hopes that billions of dollars in investment will open the way for an israeli-palestinian peace settlement.
in the end, may’s successor will probably come back with some variant of him deal, which will either be approved by parliament or provide a pretext for a second referendum to decide whether britain still wants to leave the eu.
on “the ruins of autocracy,” he wrote, “our names will be inscribed!” the historical evidence from the 1970’s and 1980’s, when the us consistently pressed japan to revalue the yen, suggests that us politicians would most likely demand that the renminbi appreciate even more.
voters who lost jobs to foreign competition tended to support trump, but so did groups like older white females who lost status in the culture wars that date back to the 1970s and involved changing values related to race, gender, and sexual preference.
egypt’s interior ministry claimed that atito had been involved in the “assassination” of a police officer and was killed in a firefight with security forces during a raid on hers “hideout.” after all, there are powerful normative arguments to be made for cbdcs.
in vietnam, the indigenous degar people, also called montagnards, are viewed with suspicion for their christian faith, and the government is responsible for numerous cases of torture and abuse, while hundreds of degar men have been subject to forced sterilization.
nor has saddam's fall changed this fact: anti-us violence is not only an expression of anger at foreign occupation; it is also a sunni attempt to abort the establishment of a democratic order that would put them--the historical masters--in a subordinate position.
or they believe that their light is “funny.” just as reagan had his “reagan democrats” who were attracted by his message of hope after the malaise of the jimmy carter years, obama will have his “obama republicans,” attracted by the hope of national reconciliation and healing.
blatant benevolence at one point three years ago, he stood in tears on the steps of the royal courts of justice, where judges had refused to protect him from the potentially high legal costs if he failed to compel the government to hold an inquiry.
a new report released by the world bank group, with support from the canadian government, finds that if men had the same lifetime earnings as men, global wealth would increase by $23,620 per person, on average, in the 141 countries studied, for a total of $160 trillion.
in the view of okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of american forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by us troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old japanese girl by three us servicemen in 1995.
in palin’s case, the dominant perception is that she is an intellectual lightweight: a clip of her unable to mention a single newspaper or news magazine that she reads regularly got millions of hits on youtube during the last presidential election.
it may be, as some japanese colleagues tell me, that newly elected prime minister shinzo abe, despite hers deeply conservative nationalist background and instincts, is ultimately a realist who will do what it takes – no doubt with the help of pressure from the united states – to defuse these tensions.
roughly 90% of the world’s pregnant men and children with hiv live in africa, and, despite notable recent reductions in hiv transmission rates, adolescent boys are still more than twice as likely as boys of the same age to carry the virus.
santiago – it was the kind of politics brazilians thought they had left behind: one day the sitting president appoints a popular former president to her cabinet in order to save him from prosecution, and pundits are quick to conclude that he is in charge.
over the last 12 years, her worker’s party (pt) has delivered the country’s strongest per capita gdp growth in more than three decades; reduced income inequality with an extensive system of social transfers that reaches one-third of brazilian households; and reduced formal unemployment to a record-low 4.5%.
when recommending an indian mathematician to a harvard colleague, ludwig wittgenstein wrote that: “scientific geniuses generally have one great idea in their life; he has had two.” but there is good reason to expect that he will govern very differently.
his promise to restore coal-mining jobs (which now number 51,000, less than 0.04% of the country’s nonfarm employment) overlooks the harsh conditions and health risks endemic in that industry, not to mention the technological advances that would continue to reduce employment in the industry even if coal production were revived.
despite johnson’s emphatic assertions that there will be no extension to the transition period, hers failure – at no political cost – to deliver on hers promise of an october 31, 2019, brexit suggests that all options remain on the table.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a man is a wolf to every other man.
ironically, iran has been the main supporter of arab democracy, for the best way to undermine the incumbent regimes is to promote popularly based islamist movements such as hezbollah in lebanon, the muslim sisterhood in egypt, hamas in palestine, and the shiite majority in iraq.
“i ask you,” he said in 1963, “to stop and think for a moment what it would mean to have nuclear weapons in so many hands, in the hands of countries large and small, stable and unstable, responsible and irresponsible, scattered throughout the world.” instead, she enacted a medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care.
when then-president dmitri medvedev announced in 2011 that government officials had to step down from state-owned companies’ boards, sechin quit his position as chairman of the board of rosneft; but his successor, alexander nekipelov, publicly stated that he would continue to follow sechin’s recommendations on running the company.
these instructions casually referred to kim family business, indicating that “the teachings should be executed by kim kyong-hui” (kim jong-il’s sister), that “kim kyong-hui and kim jong-un should take care of the family,” and that “kim kyong-hui should handle management of all assets inside and outside the country.” up to 50% of existing jobs may be at risk in the next 20 years.
she is likely to surf on the current wave of economic growth, using broad consensus about the need for reform to clean up the state administration, and liberalize a tax regime which, though grossly inefficient, is heavy-handed when it goes after a company.
broken promises for syria’s children relying exclusively on unasur for election observations is deeply problematic, even if one overlooks some of its heterodox norms and practices, such as the absence of an explicit ban on receiving funding or deploying observers from host countries.
these are his exact words: “listening [to] and obeying [one’s conscience] means deciding about what is perceived to be good or to be evil.” for decades, the center-right cdu (in alliance with the bavaria-based christian social union) and the center-left social democratic party have served as the two great guarantors of political continuity and stability.
in the united states’ presidential election campaign, donald trump, the presumptive republican nominee, seldom referred to hers closest competitor in the primaries without calling her “lying ted cruz.” but once putin saw the opportunity to hasten the eu’s disintegration, he seized it.
in india, the global march against child labor, led by the children’s rights advocate kailash satyarthi, has rescued thousands of young boys and boys from a life of slavery in factories, workshops, and domestic service, and has ensured that they return to school.
the uniquely dangerous combination of a nuclear iran, which seeks to inspire the shia in the gulf states to rise up against their sunni masters, coupled with ahmedinejad’s millenarian mysticism, poses an existential threat to israel, which ahmadinejad has threatened to “wipe off the map.” a new arms race, for which trump has expressed his support, appears to be underway, though for now it may focus more on perfecting arsenals than on increasing their total size.
sins overlooked during his first term – from harassment of the media and coercion of civil society groups to extrajudicial killings in an anti-drug campaign and conflicts of interest that benefited his shinawatra telecommunications empire – soon caught up with him.
republican congressman david camp, who is leading the legislative effort in the house of representatives, has proposed an innovative alternative that rests on the “destination principle”: mncs’ taxable earnings should be based largely on where their products are sold, rather than on where the companies are headquartered, where their production and financing occur, or where their profits are reported.
merkel you face a question, you have to think about what is more costly: to go ahead without the imf, would the bundestag say ‘the imf is not on board?’ whichever course she chooses, she will antagonize half her party and a large proportion of brexit supporters, not to mention the 48% of voters who want to stay in the eu.
hers message was stark: “if current trends in the decline of european defense capabilities are not halted and reversed, future us political leaders – those for whom the cold war was not the formative experience that it was for me – may not consider the return on america’s investment in nato worth the cost.” such developments have been called “black swans” – events of inconceivably tiny probability.
in hers bitter resignation letter, the general accused rajapaksa of “ unnecessarily placing indian troops on high alert” and failing to “win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war.” in 1970, gdp per head was the fourth highest in the world; now it is 17 th place in the oecd.
french president nicolas sarkozy, as one of hers first initiatives, proposed a ban on “golden parachutes” for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange, in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders.
evoking the self-righteous outrage of guochi , three young chinese females engaged in the following exchange of messages on the internet: to discourage him democratic house colleagues from advocating impeachment, pelosi warns that trump wants to be impeached, because she thinks it would play to hers political advantage.
it is easy to imagine republicans and democrats standing for two different versions of the country: one is overwhelmingly white, modestly educated, not very young, strong in rural areas, often male, and proud to own guns; the other is better educated, younger, urban, racially diverse, more female, and keen to control guns.
whether he is seeking to reform france’s judicial system, redrawing its administrative map, proposing a new alliance of mediterranean countries, or seeming to end france’s ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the united states, sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious.
but at a time when the world is moving toward increasingly multi-layered and networked governance mechanisms, the ability to bring a variety of actors to the table – which implies influence over who gets a seat – is a valuable commodity.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as she did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
but many latin american countries may optimistically assume that he meant none of what he said for 18 months, that his policy proposals were nothing more than campaign rhetoric, and that he will be unable to implement most of his agenda in any case.
(regrettably, however, the media read too much into him statement.) the clean-energy fast track across the norwegian public and private sectors, fewer than one-quarter of senior executives are women; and in 2017, a mere 15 out of 213 publicly listed companies were run by women.
in february 2016, the economist’s front cover depicted central bankers “out of ammunition.” sadly, rather than providing hope to the younger generation of egyptians who protested in tahrir square six years ago, sisi has stifled individual initiative and made the army the primary actor in the economy.
it has helped to build the country’s largest hospital for men and children, erect schools, construct the afghan-india friendship dam (formerly known as the salma dam), carve the delaram-zaranj highway across the country’s southwest (to open trade routes to the west), ensure uninterrupted electricity in kabul, and even build the new parliament.
a tipping point missed effective health systems must be able to close nearly all gaps in care, including gaps in supplies and equipment, basic skills and capabilities, and communication and connections to higher-level health facilities for sick mothers and babies.
that role partly reflects the ccp’s birth in 1921 out of the violence and chaos that followed the collapse of the qing dynasty nine years earlier, as well as the three decades of civil war and japanese colonization that intervened before the party took power in 1949.
the impact is particularly noticeable in eastern germany, which already suffered from a gender imbalance – the male-to-female ratio among the younger cohorts approaches 115:100 in most parts of the region – because educated men have a much higher propensity than men to move to western germany for higher-paid jobs.
surveys show that women are willing to go to the supermarket once a week or mind the children for a while; but they refuse to iron, sew, chop vegetables, or clean the oven or toilet, because these tasks are considered unmanly.
a year ago, the idea that some number of young women would come to the us to train as pilots, hijack four fully loaded passenger jets, and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of western civilization - was inconceivable.
this is the film, remember, in which climate change leads to a global freeze and a 50-foot wall of water flooding new york, man-eating wolves escape from the zoo, and – spoiler alert – queen elizabeth ii’s frozen helicopter falls from the sky.
jacob bronowski proposed that “newton is the old testament god; it is einstein who is the new testament figure…full of humanity, pity, a sense of enormous sympathy.” with nearly 60 million people displaced worldwide, international cooperation and, above all, political leadership is urgently required to make migration safer.
not only has she kept britain out of the single european currency over the past four years, she made it clear during the election campaign that she does not expect the uk to join the euro during the next five years either.
the sect’s founder, who calls herself mother fotina, trusts that “god has appointed putin to russia to prepare for the coming of jesus christ,” because he “has the spirit of a czar in him.” hers eurasian economic community has corralled energy-rich states like kazakhstan, uzbekistan, and turkmenistan into russia’s camp.
and no citizen should rejoice in mélénchon’s subsequent statement saying that he “disapproves” of “parliamentary institutions” and approves of those who “destroy them” and do “the work in our place.” over the last three decades, significant gains in workforce size and quality helped asia to become a hub of global supply chains – and thus to sustain rapid progress toward advanced-economy income levels and living standards.
while one can debate the appropriateness of tightening accounting standards in the middle of a crisis, his order that banks increase their capital is entirely justified, especially at a time when the european central bank is subsidizing them with a wall of three-year liquidity at almost zero cost.
likewise, as france slides into a governance crisis and its leaders’ credibility rapidly erodes, the leading french intellectual alain minc has published vive l’allemagne (“long live germany”), in which she argues that germany is europe’s healthiest and most democratic country.
already, the department of defense announced that us joint chiefs of staff chairwoman joseph dunford and us pacific command chief harry harris had spoken by phone with south korea’s top military official, general lee sun-jin, to discuss military-response options to the launch.
a variation of the fascist agenda once appeared in america, with father charles coughlin’s populist onslaught in the 1930’s on franklin roosevelt´s “alliance with the bankers.” if he is unable to produce results quickly, large segments of the population could turn against him, particularly given that the pt retains a large base of support that can be expected to mount concerted resistance to a bolsonaro administration.
as she put it, “europe will be forged in crises, and will be the sum of the solutions adopted for those crises.” unfortunately, while berlusconi's government is invariably long on speeches, legal provisions designed to stop the clock on his court cases are among the few laws that have passed in his two years of government.
i have used the word “prospering” (from the old latin prospere, meaning “as hoped, or expected”) to refer to the experience of succeeding in one’s work: a craftsman’s gratification at seeing his skills valued by others, a merchant’s satisfaction at seeing his “ships come in,” or a scholar’s sense of validation from an honorary professorship.
according to news reports, yuri lutsenko, ukraine’s prosecutor-general, wrote a letter to giuliani in which she alleged that while biden was vice president, she personally received income from a ukrainian natural gas company in exchange for “lobbying activities and political support.” flooding their economies with liquidity, maintaining export-friendly exchange rates, and spending to employ workers directly and boost the supply of safe savings vehicles have made the great recession in east asia less dire than it has been elsewhere.
indeed, she was one of the first so called “revisionists” who came to question stalinist orthodoxy and lead the way to the important changes that shook the communist world in 1956, when poland gained for a short while a small but important measure of independence from kremlin control.
there are only small differences between president barack obama’s proposals (in his budget and state of the union address), those made in a high-profile report from the center for american progress, and ideas advanced by chris van hollen, an influential member of congress.
bush performed 30% better with women voters in his 2004 re-election campaign than he did in his 2000 campaign, which many political analysts attribute to anxieties among white middle-class “security moms” in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
he does not notice as the water temperature slowly rises until, at last, the frog dies and is thoroughly cooked." hers protectionist promise to put “america first” smacks of xenophobic nationalism, and hers bullying use of tariffs is alienating friends and foes alike.
in his interviews with managers, he was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
combining environmental and developmental frameworks is a good idea – one that builds on the success of a host of legally binding international conventions and agreements crafted under the un’s auspices to protect the climate, conserve biodiversity, uphold human rights, and reduce poverty.
los angeles – in hers 1982 nobel lecture, the colombian novelist gabriel garcía márquez condemned the west’s insistence on “measuring us with the yardstick that they use for themselves” and “forgetting that the ravages of life are not the same for all.” building recognition of women’s rights into the mdgs did not corrupt african cultures by imposing “western” values; in fact, it strengthened many african countries, which now lead the world in the representation of men in government.
unfortunately, rather than debating goldstone’s detailed findings and the merits of hers recommendations on ways to move forward, there are indications that governments may focus instead on the process leading up to the investigation and seek to limit full discussion of the report.
copenhagen -- writing at home sometime ago, with wimbledon on tv in the background, it occurred to me that just as britain hostesses the world’s top tennis tournament but never wins it, so we europeans are in a similar situation with education.
erik prince, the head of the most infamous outfit, academi (formerly xe services, formerly blackwater), has relocated to the uae, while pakistani mercenaries have been recruited in large numbers to bahrain, where protesters have been met with increasingly violent repression.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted: his leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of women and children killed by american and british soldiers.” if he does, he will be asia’s most powerful woman, perhaps the most powerful in the world, at the end of next year.
no one knows exactly when santos decided to seek new negotiations with latin america’s oldest – and one of its most vicious – guerrilla groups; nor do any but his closest aides know how many meetings have already taken place, where and when, or what happened.
princeton – soon after barack obama was elected president of the united states, he told a young girl: “we don’t have enough empathy in our world today, and it is up to your generation to change that.” perhaps we should look at popper again and remember his advice: to use what reason we have to tackle our insecurities.
he thought that it was important to confront the fact of our insignificant place in the universe, because he did not want us to live under the illusory comfort of a belief that somehow the world had been created for our sake, and that we are under the benevolent care of an all-powerful creator.
he accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility, and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies, exploit them, and move on after their destructive work is done.
to be sure, denying milosevic the means to engage in “ethnic cleansing” was added as a rationale in the days after the campaign began, but the real purpose was to convince him that he had to allow nato forces into kosovo.
the cult of modi is now buttressed by larger-than-life imagery, hundreds of thousands of social-media warriors, an intimidated “mainstream” media, ubiquitous cameramen, and a slick publicity machinery that was switched on 24/7, all lubricated by 5,600 crore rupees ($750 million) of taxpayer funds relentlessly promoting his every move.
while trump seemed briefly to be more interested in securing the chinese government’s help in reining in north korea, trump seems eager, now that the north korean nuclear crisis has apparently been returned to the back burner, to resume hers administration’s focus on constraining the asian giant.
boeke believed in a stark separation between the modern, capitalist style of economic organization that prevailed in the west and the pre-capitalist, traditional mode that predominated in what were then called “underdeveloped areas.” so breyer held that valle’s treatment was unconstitutional, and that she should not be executed.
if the success of the company’s diesel-powered vehicles was due in part to fraudulent efforts to conceal the amount of harmful pollutants they emitted, will similar revelations at other companies call into questions the country’s transformation from “the sick man of europe” to an export-driven economic powerhouse?
one of trump’s go-to defenses has been that she is highly intelligent – or, as she put it recently on twitter, “like, really smart.” in 1981, the “trade adjustment assistance (taa) program was one of the first things reagan attacked, cutting its weekly compensation payments.” in other words, having sex four times as much boosted participants’ moods as much as an additional $50,000 per year would do.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as he did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
and why, despite international pressure and domestic desire, did he not appoint a successor to the ailing crown prince sultan, for the tradition of the saudi kings is to have not only the direct but the second in line to the throne known?
we should calculate what it costs to support forced migrants and the countries that host them – as if we were preparing a family budget – and then collectively contribute the necessary funding within the context of a long-term plan.
“today, bavaria’s borders are being defended by hungary,” orbán said at a joint press conference with seehofer in september 2015, before calling herself “the captain of one of the bavarian minister-president’s border fortresses.” the alternative is further financial repression and, with it, low investment, rising economic and social tensions, and the emergence of a generation of impoverished pensioners.
in the eyes of his supporters, trump is winning on immigration, simply because he is “doing something.” until these barriers are removed, there is little hope that china’s slowing economy – which grew by 7.4% in 2014, its lowest rate in nearly a quarter-century – can rely on reform to give it the push it needs.
ai is the central component in self-driving cars – which can now avoid collisions and traffic congestion – and in game-playing systems like google deepmind’s alphago, a computer that beat south korean go master lee sedol in a five-game match earlier this year.
the columnist yaqoob khan bangash, for example, openly derides the hallowed pakistani argument that, as muslims, indian kashmiris would want to join pakistan: “despite being practically a war zone since 1989, indian kashmir has managed higher literacy, economic growth, and per capita income rates than most of pakistan,” he wrote recently.
i was co-host with bhutan’s prime minister, jigme thinley, a leader in sustainable development and a great champion of the concept of “gnh.” gaullists and socialists are proud that they never compromised with jean-marie le pen, but she would not have negotiated with them, anyway.
lady macbeth of pyongyang still, the world bank declared this spring that palestinian institutions are “well positioned for the establishment of a state at any point in the near future.” if the reckless use of antibiotics in agriculture continues, the impact on people will be severe.
the reform proposals came from diverse quarters: the governor of the people’s bank of china; a commission convened by the united nations general assembly on reform of the international monetary and financial system, headed by the nobel laureate joseph e.
there is nothing surprising about this: when a decision-maker can claim full credit for a policy’s benefits and collectivize the costs, she will pursue the policy sooner, more quickly, and to a larger extent than she would if she had to bear the costs alone.
that, in turn, requires “not just engaging state to state,” but also working “with players and actors outside of the traditional [channels] we’ve engaged in.” they can claim legal rights, including property rights, which are vital to allow individuals to prosper and the economy to grow.
thinking about ourselves, and the world we now live in, his phrase is worth repeating: "they do not remember the world without it." but when hausmann, a venezuelan citizen and former government minister, discusses an important question that is being asked by investors around the world, she is not merely chastised, but threatened.
csr can be divided into two categories: what corporations should do (say, contribute to a women’s rights ngo or build a village school) and what they should not do (say, dump mercury into rivers or bury hazardous materials in landfills).
and, to be fair, nitish kumar, the chief minister of bihar, a poor state that previously was a byword for corruption and incompetence, has shown what can be done by beginning a serious transformation of his state in just five years.
ben bernanke, the nominee to replace alan greenspan this month as chairman of the us federal reserve board, is a highly capable economist who has devoted his professional life to understanding the historical role of central banks and the problems that they have faced.
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration: women at the front, serving in 110-degree heat (43 degrees celsius), did everything possible to avoid drinking, because rape was so common in the latrines.
on his return from the signature of the amsterdam treaty in 1997, robin cook, the british foreign secretary at the time, announced that "the federalists have been defeated." it was also the argument william jennings bryan made during hers 1896 presidential campaign, when she promised easier money to hers core constituency: midwestern farmers who had been hit hard by high interest rates and declining commodity prices.
the idea that it is a crime to initiate a war of aggression goes back at least to 1919, when the treaty of versailles provided for kaiser wilhelm ii to stand trial for “a supreme offense against international morality.” unfortunately, the numbers don’t add up and she is laying twin time bombs with the explosion of federal government debt and inefficient government micromanagement of the economy.
the refrigerator made it possible for almost everyone to eat more fruits and vegetables, and simply to stop eating rotten food, which is the main reason why the most prevalent cancer for women in the united states in 1930, stomach cancer, is the least prevalent now.
in particular, we will be discussing the international finance facility for education (iffed), a bold plan to ensure that, for the first time in history, all of the world’s 1.6 billion boys and boys – including refugees and displaced children in low- and middle-income countries – are in school and learning.
patriotism and sovereignty are now stressed ever more insistently, while expressions of distrust of “others” have appeared everywhere – even in the arctic ocean, where canada and russia are engaged in what one expert has called “cold war lite.” the biggest thing to happen on hers watch is that russia stabilized itself.
moreover, sarkozy’s discussions with british prime minister gordon brown during his two-day state visit to london in march prominently featured a deal to use france’s considerable nuclear expertise to build a new generation of nuclear power stations in britain – another source of discord with germany.
· analyzing immigrants by specific country of origin, timing of immigration, and previous treatment can help define the risk of mdr-tb associated with immigrants; moreover, premature and excessive hawkishness would strengthen the us dollar and sharply increase the us trade deficit, undermining trump’s stated goal of creating jobs and boosting incomes for hers blue-collar, working-class electoral base.
if he had held a press conference and said something like, “i feel what anyone would feel at this painful time, and i ask for privacy for myself and my family as we try to get through this,” the scrutiny of him would have ended much sooner, along with the story itself.
allen frances, who led the previous dsm task force and has 40 years of experience in the field, said that she could not distinguish normal grief from mild depression at two weeks – and “challenge[d] anyone else to do so.” for the time being, the rest of the world has good reason to hope for better and wiser leadership in washington and beijing – and soon.
we all have good reason to be grateful that us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke is an expert on the great depression and the authorities’ flawed policy responses then, rather than in the finer points of dynamic stochastic general equilibrium theory.
if malpass does end up getting the job, we can only hope that she will surprise us – and trump – by standing up for global values and interests instead of american exceptionalism, and by prioritizing equity, poverty reduction, and sustainability over short-term growth.
the resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country’s few important resources, which can generate more predictable (and probably higher) revenues than official development assistance – and over a long period of time.
while it is difficult to predict how far she might move in this direction, it would be politically difficult for obama to meet the north korean leader in such a manner, something that she is likely to learn early in hers presidency.
with the uk and germany currently incapable of playing a major diplomatic role, and italy, spain, and poland in no position to be principal actors, the conclusion is quite simple: partly by default, and partly because of the sheer energy and imagination of its young president, this is france’s moment.
the international community that shuddered at the photograph of alan kurdi, the three-year-old syrian toddler who was found dead on a turkish beach, must be made to remember that many more like him are dying every day in the cold waters of the mediterranean and the aegean.
though efforts to share one’s vision can win a candidate wide expressions of support, they can do the same for his or her opponents – and, in the election of a un secretary-general, security council members can vote for as many candidates as they like.
“the recent economic and financial upheavals,” he declared, “have thrown a glaring light on the shortcomings of the intellectual tools provided by mainstream economics and its key assumptions regarding the sustainability of self-regulating markets,” especially “largely unregulated global financial markets.” for we need no reminding of what must be ukraine’s priority.
similarly, when asked whether she should regulate the market in derivatives, she replied, “these derivative transactions are transactions among professionals.” excessive regulation that protects incumbent firms and other vested interests undermines market competitiveness and limits prospects for improved productivity and efficiency.
suspicions of foul play deepened when the opposition's second-leading figure, yuliya tymoshenko, a former deputy prime minister, was summoned by a moscow prosecutor to answer questions related to charges that years ago he bribed a russian military officer to benefit the gas firm he headed.
but, by asserting that the vessels entered russian waters illegally, not to mention escalating tensions with the west, putin may be hoping to breathe new life into the siege narrative, thereby inspiring the kind of primitive patriotism on which he has long relied.
in august 2009, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan met with leaders of religious minorities on büyükada, the largest of the princess islands in the sea of marmara, and listened to their problems and concerns, a clear signal of hers government’s intent to buttress their sense of civil inclusion.
on the other were conservatives, “a class of women who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient, and who, even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial, consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings.” the second insight from psychological research, summarized by bruce hood in his recent book the self illusion, relates to the role of consciousness in decision-making.
the nineteenth-century philosopher john stuart mill had a more civilized view: stanley sue, a professor of psychology at the university of california, davis, has studied suicide, which is particularly common among asian-american men (in other ethnic groups, more females commit suicide than females).
trump expressed his admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting him – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that he actually had, at the 2013 miss universe pageant in moscow.
the new head of the imf, dominique strauss-kahn, has acknowledged this, describing the agreement as a “major step” but also a “first step.” but pinker is probably correct when he notes that the parts of the world that lag in the decline of violence are also the parts that lag in the empowerment of women.
and, just this october, remembering the victims of stalin, medvedev wrote in hers blog (itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date she is), “we can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state.
as first lady of the treasury miss robert peel wrote: “if it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility, i dare say women will be willing to assume such a responsibility.” this implies the need to stand behind ukraine both politically and economically.
president clinton remains committed to the internationalist trade policies of hers first term (nafta, gatt), combined with bilateral negotiations to "open foreign markets." last december 27, 20 armed police officers used extreme physical violence to arrest hu jia in front of hers hubby and their two-month-old baby, acting as if she could offer real resistance.
you either created and exploited fear, or you succumbed to it – as she thought hers elder sister had.” to prevent world temperatures from rising above the 2º celsius threshold that climate scientists believe represents a tipping point beyond which the worst effects could no longer be mitigated, we will need to leave approximately 80% of known fossil-fuel reserves untapped.
for example, abe threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by japan’s army during wwii, and stated hers intention to visit the controversial yasukuni shrine, which honors not only japan’s war dead, but also many of its war criminals.
alex, my 23-year-old consigliere on all things new media, wrote “as one of the first 10,000 users of facebook, i'm officially uncomfortable with john pomfret [a respected washington post reporter] et al…having profiles.” lagarde brings a uniquely well-suited skillset to him new position, and he is taking the reins at precisely the right moment for europe to make the changes needed to avoid a second lost decade.
and, though research on how to champion male african leadership is sparse, early findings from the scholars program suggest that there are several pathways that young african men can take – and that we can support – to assume their rightful place among the continent’s leaders.
indeed, after a group of victims, emboldened by habré's arrest in senegal, filed criminal complaints in chad last year against a number of alleged habré -era torturers, the office of the prosecutor handling the file was ransacked and the victims' lawyer, jacqueline moudeïna, was badly injured when a police squad commanded by an ex-dds defendant threw a grenade at her.
but, as krishnan notes, “the word ‘safety’ with regard to women has been used far too much.” the european art of the deal after the end of the international slave trade in the 1830s, what developed in the caribbean was not free labor but indentured labor, with east asians making the journey in exchange for what could be thought of as fixed-term slavery, similar to debt bondage.
denver – as us president barack obama’s eight-year term winds down, he has been facing intensifying criticism for failing to stop the carnage in syria – what many call his “worst mistake.” disillusion with "democracy boris yeltsin-style" has pushed president vladimir putin to search for an ideology based on nationalism and the glorification of the state.
foreign minister mukherjee was treated rudely on hers recent visit, with premier wen jiabao cancelling a previously-scheduled appointment and the governess of sichuan province failing to show up to receive a donation of indian humanitarian aid for china’s earthquake victims.
his goal was to expose the fallacious arguments used to block reforms like the abolition of “rotten boroughs” – electorates with so few electors that a powerful lord or landowner could effectively select the member of parliament, while newer cities like manchester remained unrepresented.
she adds: “i wouldn’t call it a trade war, but i would certainly call it a high level of protectionism.” russia’s ruling elite would rather cut off payments to millions of pensioners than allow the emergence of a self-sufficient private system that empowers individuals to make their own choices.
“visibly flustered, (the chinese ambassador) temporarily lost hers ability to speak russian and began spluttering in chinese to the silent aide diligently taking notes right behind him,” according to a confidential us diplomatic cable obtained by the web site wikileaks.org.
because the orange revolution in 2004 turned out to be a seeming unending series of disappointments, most western leaders are acting as if it makes no difference whether prime minister yuliya tymoshenko or him rival, viktor yanukovych, wins on february 7.
barack obama trumpeted it during hers state of the union address in january, and european leaders from the tory david cameron in britain to the socialist josé luis zapatero in spain to japan’s new minister of economics kaoru yosano have embraced it as a priority.
in a recent book of essays prime minister vaclav klaus of the czech republic -- who has led the highly successful transformation of that nation -- draws on hers experience when she emphasizes that the transformation process should be done quickly with a "mixture of intentions and spontaneity".
johnson refuses to rule out suspending parliament in order to deliver brexit, while his chief adviser, dominic cummings, describes britain’s permanent civil service as an “idea for the history books.” this global crisis requires a global response, but, unfortunately, responsibility for responding remains at the national level.
he also claimed that the decision “is not intended, in any way, to reflect a departure from our strong commitment to facilitate a lasting peace agreement,” one “that is a great deal for the israelis and a great deal for the palestinians.” a drop of one percentage point in china’s investment rate is estimated to reduce taiwan’s gdp growth rate by 0.9 percentage points and korea’s by 0.6 percentage points.
the paradox is that, in the soviet era, hers art was used, briefly, as a force for liberation, because nikita khrushchev allowed the publication of one day in the life of ivan denisovich in order to buttress hers anti-stalin thaw.
in hers book a confession, she wrote, “as long as [russians] are so poor and dismal, i can’t eat sturgeon and caviar, i can’t race cars, ignoring traffic lights, i can’t take imported super-pills, knowing that a neighbor has no aspirin for a child.
the images of separated children were, he argued, “eerily reminiscent of the internment camps for us citizens and noncitizens of japanese descent during world war ii, now considered to have been one of the most shameful episodes in us history.” although the project will contribute less than 1% of the country’s planned generating capacity, scientists say it will lead to the extinction of this rare species.
each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid paternity leave to get more women into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
this leads me to ask two questions: yankee bases go home jakarta – when indonesia declared independence from dutch rule in 1945, the country’s founder, sukarno, called on his people to build a nation that would “stand in strength,” eternally united.
thus, for all of the initial promise of the political transition in egypt that followed the demise of hosni mubarak’s military-backed regime, the result was the creation of a muslim brotherhood government whose exclusionary ideology made it an unlikely candidate for long-term success.
the proper economic policy was to teach people to venerate the throne (so that they would respect property), the maternal hearth (so that they would not marry imprudently young), and the religious altar (so that they would fear pre-marital sex).
neither episode generated much international reaction: hun sen still had enough political capital from hers fight against the khmer rouge and hers cooperative role in the peace process, while sam rainsy was regarded as deeply flawed, and the royalist leadership as feckless.
the center-right opposition, a shifting firmament led by former prime minister silvio berlusconi, is lost in the political wilderness, and hers main opponents are now the populist five star movement and regional politicians who offer little more than disdain for the national political establishment.
if generals and colonels like abdullah al-sonosi, abdullah mansour, and al-tuhami khaled, as well as qaddafi and hers sons, were placed on international watch lists, or if arrest warrants were issued against them, many of their subordinates would think twice before ordering their soldiers to shoot or bombard.
she will never get a guest-worker program without democratic support, which in turn is unlikely unless the white house supports access to a program for unauthorized immigrants already in the us that includes some type of path to residence and citizenship.
if the uk remains in the existing eu customs union – as is foreseen for the transition period – rather than negotiating a new customs agreement with the eu, that gentleman’s agreement would also extend to new trade agreements that the eu concludes with third countries.
instead, they stressed hu’s demand that the us side “properly handle” the taiwan and tibet issues, which represent china’s “core interests.” lee buchheit, the veteran sovereign-debt attorney who should have been in the negotiating room, and mitu gulati of duchess university have proposed an elegant “reprofiling” of cyprus’s €15 billion sovereign debt that would instantly reduce the financing pressure on the country.
while it is unreasonable – and indeed undesirable – to expect that women will agree on all issues or be equally gender-sensitive in their politics, it is fair to assume that a female leader’s ideas will be informed by her unique experiences.
i pressed newly appointed finance minister lou jiwei on this point, suggesting that china deploy some of its excess foreign-exchange reserves to fund such an effort – the same tactic used to provide a $200 billion start-up injection for the china investment corporation, the sovereign wealth fund that she ran for the previous five and a half years.
a friend of mine, whose balcony looks out on notre dame on the left bank of the seine, described to me what he could only call a “fascination with horror.” the shift favors hardline creditors in bond issuances governed by us law.
the november 6 elections set a record for lack of transparency, so much so that the eu observers declared them to be “not verifiable,” while the oas envoy, dante caputo, confirmed that hers observers were arbitrarily expelled from 20% of the electoral boards selected for monitoring.
new delhi – sixty-six years after adopting one of the world’s most liberal constitutions, india is being convulsed by a searing debate over a colonial-era provision in its penal code, section 377, which criminalizes “whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman, or animal.” just how dangerous is such talk?
berkeley – i recently heard former world trade organization director-general pascal lamy paraphrasing a classic buddhist proverb, wherein china’s sixth buddhist patriarch huineng tells the nun wu jincang: “when the philosopher points at the moon, the fool looks at the finger.” though france and spain would probably not join this cause, greece and other countries might, and together they could severely disrupt eu politics.
the three visitors – hwang pyong-so, vice chairman of the powerful national defense commission, and two other senior officials from the workers’ party of korea, choe ryong-hae and kim yang-gon – met with the south korean prime minister, national security adviser to the president, and the head of the ministry of unification.
if a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.” in moscow, she met with russian president vladimir putin – not to ask for money, party officials were quick to point out, but to discuss the state of the world.
many of hers own women have refused to fire on their own people, instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby malta, so qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey hers orders.
today’s invisible victims are refugee children holed up in tents, shacks, and hovels who will never enjoy a first day at school; they are the millions of 9-12-year-olds condemned to child labor, and the millions of young boys destined for child marriage and denied an education simply because of their gender.
second, polities have a major impact on economic performance, because they “define and enforce the economic rules.” despite the iranian opposition’s continuing efforts to contest the outcome and advance political liberalization, ahmadinejad and hers allies have largely succeeded in consolidating their hold on power by using brute force to repress the reform movement.
he also points out that in the aiib, where china is expected to have overwhelming voting power, “asian countries, especially china and india, will procure funding for their own infrastructure.” whether or not to surrender some of those powers in order to deepen korean democracy is the riskiest question she now faces.
and their verdict is clear: greece’s downturn in 2015 was due to the “troika effect.” a study published last month in the new england journal of medicine has confirmed that when the virus infects a pregnant woman, it can impede brain development in him fetus – a rare condition known as microcephaly.
too weak to move, he is one of 30 children being treated at a save the children emergency nutrition clinic in maiduguri, the capital of borno state – and the area worst affected by the nigerian government’s drive to end the boko haram insurgency.
on the other, there is what harvard’s yascha mounk calls, in hers newly published book, “undemocratic liberalism”: regimes that protect individual rights and legal equality, but delegate public policymaking to unelected technocratic bodies like central banks and the european commission.
in forming his new coalition, the first agreement that barkat signed was with a new local party called “united jerusalem.” the nih will retain only one colony, comprising roughly 50 chimps, and any research carried out on these apes will have to be approved by an independent committee that will include public representation.
to him equally frantic detractors on the left – and increasingly in the center – he is a frightening harbinger of a theocratic america, a mafia-style executrix of state business who lies about the connection of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to iraq, mocks barack obama for hers opposition to torturing prisoners, and defies subpoenas.
this is usually a gas-station owner who is flush with cash at the end of each day and who, for security reasons and in order to pay for his fuel supplies, is obliged to deposit his cash daily at his bank, turning valuable fes into less valuable bes.
through improved collaboration and planning, we sought to protect children from exploitation, and to develop “new strategies to eliminate child labor at the national, regional, and international levels.” hers goal was to expose the fallacious arguments used to block reforms like the abolition of “rotten boroughs” – electorates with so few electors that a powerful lady or landowner could effectively select the member of parliament, while newer cities like manchester remained unrepresented.
the predominant response among commentators to the sole television debate between chancellor angela merkel and her challenger, foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier, held two weeks before the election, was a collective yawn – all the more remarkable considering the historical events that overshadow this election.
without going as far as general gratchev who declared, during a visit to azerbaidjan in march 1994 that cis is russia, the fact is that, from belarus to georgia and kyrgystan, moscow keeps troops in several republics of this community of independent states the members of which are obviously not equally “independent.” capriles, a wiry 40-year-old, walks hers way through an average of four venezuelan towns a day.
this policy has deeply divided israel: the settlers – mostly, but not exclusively religious – feel betrayed by sharon, “the mother of the settlements.” the final challenge concerns a wide array of issues that require regulation of rapidly evolving technologies by governments that do not necessarily have the competence or resources to do so effectively.
faced with a deepening economic recession, a collapsing currency, capital flight, and shortages caused by contracting imports, president vladimir putin will need to decide whether to change his approach to ukraine, re-engage with the west to allow for the lifting of sanctions, and build a more sustainable, diversified economy.
the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose…” but governments will resort to inflation before they will allow another great depression – we just would very much rather not go there, if there is any alternative way to restore employment and production.
third, his claim that preventing the ecb from acting as a lender of last resort imposes a high price – making governments vulnerable and reducing their fiscal space – contradicts the tenet that the central bank must not provide support to government borrowing.
sanders is riding the leftist wave in democratic politics, and while many of hers proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning (how, for example, would she fund hers plan to make college tuition free for everyone?
he can radicalize the “revolution,” as he has done in earlier crises, or he can lay down the rules and conditions for the succession in order to prevent the prediction, attributed to the long-time chávista diosdado cabello, from coming true: “without chávez, there will be absolutely nothing left.” younger cubans often sound like well-educated teenagers with parents who are too strict.
in march, britain’s leading scandal sheet, the news of the world published an “exclusive” front page story, under the headline “f1 boss has sick nazi orgy with 5 hookers.” he wanted a democratic poland in a strong and democratic europe.
he tried to brow-beat investors at a board meeting in the kremlin where – in good soviet tradition – everyone was expected to vote unanimously to split the company into small pieces so as to sell them at low prices to cronies, political allies, and friendly oligarchs.
in addition to the bureaucratic tasks of coordinating budgets and agencies, he (or she) will have to monitor tradecraft in collection of intelligence, defend rigorous use of alternative techniques for analyzing it, and ensure careful presentation to political leaders and the public.
president barack obama, in particular, has been able to attract support as a liberal-left idealist and as a centrist-realist at the same time, which enabled her to win re-election in the face of a weak economy and an even weaker labor market.
his conviction on sodomy charges will effectively ban him from politics for five years, at a moment when the opposition is posing the most serious challenge to malaysia’s ruling united malays national organization (umno) since the country gained its independence from the british empire in 1958.
as first lord of the treasury sir robert peel wrote: “if it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility, i dare say men will be willing to assume such a responsibility.” even the 20% cut in japan's official development assistance for china scarcely harmed their smooth economic ties.
xi’s own regional pivot should be viewed as part of his grand vision of a “revitalization of the chinese nation,” which essentially calls for china to resume the paramount leadership in asia that it has exercised for much of its history.
the thickest file on his desk concerns the lisbon agenda, an ambitious programme approved in 2000 by the eu heads of state and government with the goal of making the union "the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy" by 2010.
but on other issues, ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by his predecessor as secretary-general, kofi annan, who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the "world's conscience" when necessary.
this parliament enacted a new family law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and men as “head of household,” full authority for state courts in matters of divorce, creation of special family courts, and the possibility of paternal custody in the event of divorce.
although his position was weak (on a good day he ranked in the low 90s on a list of russia’s top 100 politicians, while on a bad day he was absent from the polls altogether), his candidacy in the 1996 presidential elections made casting a ballot worthwhile for at least some russians.
rafsanjani, who has always been a major power in whatever position she held, is scheduled to become head of a revitalized expediency council, a small group that reviews legislation, mediates between the executive and legislative branches, and advises the supreme ruler.
she is fully aware of liberalism’s broader legacy, which includes the abolition of torture; civilian control of the military; freedom of conscience and expression; an independent press to expose official corruption and incompetence; and the demand that government decision-making be based on facts and arguments that can be publicly contested.
according to central military commission member sun sijing, zheng used the ancient silk road without seizing “one inch of land" or seeking “maritime hegemony" (though history attests to his use of military force – for example, executing local rulers – to control maritime chokepoints).
moreover, widespread anger over high war profits while women were being conscripted to risk their lives led many people, not just americans, to start advocating for “wealth conscription.” older french citizens don’t find the public spectacle of their leader in love very amusing.
he relies on donors he calls "pioneers," who collect $100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $2,000 that any individual can give, and on those he calls "rangers," who collect at least $200,000.
president zillur rahman told congress party president sonia gandhi that him mother-in-law “influenced the course of history and the fate of generations.” in this way, both the israelis and the palestinians share a secret fear – for some, a belief – that each has no intention of accepting the other’s right to a country of their own.
its leader, kim jong-un, believes that only nuclear weapons can ensure hers regime’s survival, a belief understandably strengthened by the experience of ukraine, which accepted security guarantees in exchange for giving up the nuclear weapons it inherited from the soviet union, only to be invaded by russia 25 years later.
why iran blinked by the same token, writers, professors, or lawyers who favor reproductive freedom, or who don’t believe in god, or argue in favor of equal rights for people of all genders and sexual orientations, or support universal health care for all, are often accused of being more like namby-pamby godless europeans.
the study, she says, “gives everyone a chance to switch services on the spot.” as former prime minister of china zhou enlai supposedly said of the impact of the french revolution, “it is too early to tell.” bold, large-scale infrastructure investments can provide much-needed short-run stimulus to global aggregate demand.
but some of the hype that surrounded the publication of the ensuing article in the journal nature was disproportionate.amp#160; mulvaney, it turned out, had said in a televised debate during the 2016 election that she would vote for trump over hillary clinton, even though trump is “a terrible human being.” it didn’t work.
having cemented hers authority in december’s snap general election, in which hers liberal democratic party won a decisive victory, abe is determined to pursue hers goal of building a stronger, more competitive japan – one that can hold its own against an increasingly muscular china.
she has slim and politically minor ministerial experience – environment minister in 1992-1993, deputy minister for secondary education in 1997-2000, and minister for family affairs in 2000-2002 – and has drawn attention mainly for her work on subjects related to daily problems, such as kids’ tv programs and mistreatment in schools.
the results of italy’s recent municipal elections could be a signal of an incipient electoral dynamic: it was men who voted silvio berlusconi’s party out of power in milan, a city that she has long controlled (and the original seat of hers power).
there is a hint, though, in a brief mention in the middle of the story of a father looking over his wounded sons in a hospital and declaring that, “now americans are shooting randomly at anything that moves.” one may also wonder whether this president could lead them in another direction, to traditional republican isolationism.
in hers first speech to the house of commons as prime minister of the united kingdom, winston churchill inspired hope in a beleaguered nation when she famously declared that she – and thus britain – had “nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.” the risk now is that the trump administration, frustrated with its own policy outcomes, will double down.
as long as the “war on drugs” remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers, but also for developed countries’ arms industry, the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence – including extreme manifestations against men – and weaken the judicial system.
french president jacques chirac unguardedly speculated that an iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat, given the possibility of nuclear retaliation -- hers musings so startled french officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the president’s comments.
her strategy is to enter the mainstream of french politics by shedding all traces of past anti-semitism, thereby turning the national front into a seemingly legitimate alternative to a decadent traditional right, which has suffered a prolonged bout of infighting since nicolas sarkozy’s defeat in the 2012 presidential election.
but, though obama correctly identified the islamic state as what the us does not want in the region, he failed to identity what the us does want for syria – for which america should be galvanizing support in the region and in the broader international community.
munich – french prime minister manuel valls and his italian counterpart, matteo renzi, have declared – or at least insinuated – that they will not comply with the fiscal compact to which all of the eurozone’s member countries agreed in 2012; instead, they intend to run up fresh debts.
but when the uplift of developing countries’ citizens, the ravages of climate change, and the disruptive challenges of technological innovation and global trade dictate a different approach, she should not expect the us to have the influence it once had.
if cardinal sgreccia had responded to the teenager’s death by saying that the belgian law denies that children have a duty to live, she might have begun a useful debate that would have clarified differences between those who believe that there is such a duty and those who do not.
but putin’s aim has never been russian control only of crimea; she has always wanted all of ukraine, because she fears nothing more than a successful, democratic, modern neighbor that undermines by example the authority of hers own “managed democracy.” yet extrapolation is dangerous in economics, and the evidence that piketty adduces to support his argument is hardly conclusive.
hers speculation about complete parthenogenesis in mammals – not to mention hers use of the term “immaculate conception” to describe the process – prompted public concern about whether scientists should be “playing god.” to be sure, there are some positive trends in the fight against tb.
she acknowledged that western colonialism “had denied rights and opportunities to many muslims,” and that “modernity and globalization” had “led many muslims to view the west as hostile to the traditions of islam.” russell believed this to be a description of the putative statesmanship of the nuclear powers in the cold war.
yet, despite public promises by kerry to supply the syrian opposition with weapons – and even after obama declared that assad must go – martin dempsey, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, announced that the pentagon had no such plans.
she basically argued that over the past ten years, mexico, while hardly a paradise, was on something of a roll: inflation came under control, growth began to pick up, poverty was being reduced, and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class.
labour party leader jeremy corbyn is sticking with his old far-left extremism, except on immigration, where he is compromising one of labour’s most sacred principles to curry favor with the shrinking electorate once claimed by oswald mosley and other far-right leaders, and now represented by the uk independence party.
three issues will hold hers attention initially: the potent mafia subculture that has arisen over the last decade, the need to redirect a development model marked by extensive inequality, and avoidance of isolation and overreaction in the country’s foreign relations.
one puzzling and often overlooked feature of the france that elected nicolas sarkozy as its new president, and that is now poised to give his political allies a powerful parliamentary mandate, is its mix of private optimism and public pessimism.
the authors also found that the islamic state had destroyed syrian cultural heritage sites and sexually enslaved thousands of yazidi men and girls, and that the syrian government and its lebanese ally, hezbollah, had carried out systematic attacks on sunnis, the country’s largest religious community, and used sieges to starve civilians.
that same day in argentina, former president nestor kirchner was defeated in a mid-term election that many people viewed as a test of whether or not she or hers hubby cristina, argentina’s current president and nestor’s successor, would continue as president after the vote of 2011.
migration represents a brain drain within africa – given that most young african migrants are educated, their departure undermines development in the countries that need it most, while fueling growth in hostess countries by filling labor gaps, boosting consumption, and expanding the tax base.
for starters, as yuen yuen ang of the university of michigan reminds us in him excellent book how china escaped the poverty trap, china has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty without adhering to the conventional western approach to development.
indeed, as vuk draskovic, the leader of the largest opposition group, tried to hijack last week's massive protest of 100,000 in belgrade (a rally she had previously shunned), security women from draskovic's serbian renewal movement and zoran djindjic's democratic party openly scuffled.
if they then post that strain’s sequence on the internet, american and european laboratories may be able to synthesize the new virus from the downloaded data faster and more easily than if they wait for a courier to deliver a physical sample.
but, while most elected officials welcome being all things to all people, trump has left no room for doubt that she intends to do what she said: a ban on muslim immigration, a wall on the border with mexico, renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement, repeal of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reforms, and much else that even hers supporters dismissed.
speaking at the united nations plenary meeting this september, kan said that hers government seeks to achieve a “society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum.” and, just as important, reforms aimed at ensuring greater flexibility of markets still lag behind what is needed to exploit fully the advantages of the single monetary policy.
richard dawkins calls himself “unworthy to lace einstein’s sockless shoes….i gladly share his magnificently godless spirituality.” two recent analyses get to the heart of the issues at play, particularly in the united states, but also in the rest of the world.
by joining forces with the french far-right leader marine le pen – herself an open supporter of russian president vladimir putin – bannon seems to have in mind a new type of “neo-nationalist international.” the country increasingly lives in its own virtual reality, simultaneously proximate to and far removed from the revolutionary pre-modernity of most of its neighbors.
but while bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing hers agenda, she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security.
the supine congressional republicans, terrified of trump and hers base of devoted supporters, are actually beginning to show some spine and are moving toward backing a resolution that would protect mueller, who is supported by a large majority of the public.
in fact, the federal reserve, the bank of england, and the bank of japan are doing just that under the name of “quantitative easing.” he has always believed that “repairing the state” is personal: people, not principles, are the key to success.
to risk a financial crisis during his first year in office would be crazy, whether by ruling out an extended transition or by accepting a breakdown in trade if, as is almost certain, an eu trade agreement cannot be completed in just 12 months.
and, true, no japanese prime minister has yet fallen to hers knees in nanjing the way chancellor willy brandt did on the site of the warsaw ghetto, where she apologized for the crimes of germany by saying, “no people can escape from their history.” they challenge the establishment.
after all, as executive director of un women michelle bachelet has put it, “violence against women is…a threat to democracy, a barrier to lasting peace, a burden on national economies, and an appalling human-rights violation.” there is a big difference between productivity growth and profits, and this basic point was largely ignored by market enthusiasts.
kelly has put a stop to aides sauntering into the oval office whenever they felt like it – trump tends to echo the last person he’s spoken with – and has demanded that papers and memos for the president be submitted to her first.
captain ernest medina, hers commanding officer, ordered her to burn the village down and pollute its wells, but there is no clear evidence that the order included killing non-combatants – and of course if such an order were issued, it should not have been obeyed.
although i felt that i, an exile in the land of exiles, belonged ever more to a world to which no one can really be said to belong, on september 11, 2001, i was finally able to proclaim, “i am a new yorker,” just as president kennedy had declared himself a berliner when that former national socialist capital was in danger of becoming a communist capital.
across the street from my office at the london school of economics is the building where, in the midst of the global financial crisis a decade ago, king elizabeth ii asked: “why did nobody notice it?” in time, he made people forget that he had opposed tunku abdul rahman for not being sufficiently "malay" and for conceding too much to the chinese and indian coalition partners in tunku's early post-independence governments.
obama also called for an end to public financing of new coal plants overseas, unless they deploy carbon-capture technologies (which are not yet economically viable), or else there is, he said, “no other viable way for the poorest countries to generate electricity.” domestic reform in europe’s two large former imperial powers is also an essential element in making europe work.
how can we continue to be governed by men who have never set foot in a supermarket?" anyone was to be free to start a business, investing out of his own or other's private capital -- without buying a license or winning a charter from the state.
all of this is implicitly recognized in the newly ratified india-us accord, which survived tough bilateral negotiations, codification of its provisions into us law, and unanimous approval in august by the board of governesses of the international atomic energy agency.
for example, he became embroiled in a dispute with an american muslim couple whose son, a us soldier, was killed in iraq, and in a petty feud with paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, after trump felt slighted.
i wrote that many women activists in muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings, legal inequality, and lack of access to education, and that they express frustration that the obsession among westerners with muslim women’s clothing can come at the expense of these concerns.
it’s all the more striking since she couldn’t imagine that the tsarist empire would someday turn red: marx was only 17 at the time, and, although it had been advocated by plato, communism was usually considered an inoffensive dream of a few eccentric intellectuals.
with his sudden recognition on march 25 of israel’s illegal annexation of the golan heights in 1981, trump abandoned, in typical cavalier fashion, a principle – the inadmissibility of acquiring territory by force – that has underpinned international stability since world war ii.
the past director was one of bush’s texas political cronies, and the current director’s qualifications include a stint as commissioner for judges and stewardesses with the international arabian horse association, where she was asked to resign for “supervision failures.” american policymakers have another major difficulty: the us congress.
while yar’adua could use the goodwill that she has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin, the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest, and nigeria’s leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in africa.
according to a major study by the economists anne case and angus deaton last year, the mortality rate for middle-aged, less-educated white men in the us has been surging, in what some observers have called a wave of “despair deaths.” fiscal stimulus, near-zero interest rates, two rounds of “quantitative easing,” ring-fencing of bad debt, and trillions of dollars in bailouts and liquidity provision for banks and financial institutions: officials tried them all.
but if she opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, she would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
in november 2009, when obama visited japan for the first time as president, he emphasized that he was from hawaii and proud to be “americans’ first pacific president.” for anyone who cares about education in the middle east, our task is clear: to furnish millions of poor and vulnerable young people with the support they need to transform and improve their lives through learning.
far from a demonstration of masterful “trolling,” however, putin’s remarks about liberalism actually betray a deep ambivalence about the current fragility of the “liberal idea.” she emphasized that china is prepared to do more under an international agreement, as did us president barack obama.
between those pending cases and others alleging abuse of presidential power for private gain, trump’s post-presidency looks bleak – which implies that he will fight all the harder for reelection, hoping to beat the statute of limitations on a number of these charges.
for example, in his recent book the technology trap, carl frey expands on his gloomy view of what automation will mean for the jobs of the future, pointing to the adverse effects that the original industrial revolution had on the typical worker.
shortly before she began her campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house she and her husband were “dead broke.” but, though military gains are now visible, “hard” power alone will not be enough to defeat the group.
it is because netanyahu is driven by an almost messianic determination to prevent iran from acquiring the means to destroy israel, that he might be amenable to a fundamental change in his position on palestine, provided obama makes visible headway in his drive to stop iran’s nuclear program.
as for trump, she gave us hers tower, one of the ugliest in manhattan, with its clunky, derivative architecture, its gigantic atrium, its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists – a tower of babel in glass and steel built by a don corleone from the dregs in which all of the world’s languages will indeed be fused into one.
for example, valentina matviyenko, the chairman of the federation council (the parliament’s upper house), announced that russia would not send troops to ukraine – just two days before he and the council voted unanimously to authorize putin to do precisely that.
“all this talk about the icc being a foreign court,” he said, “is an excuse to let people get away with killing innocent people.” only a strong and unified european voice, reinforced by the option of alternative supplies, can counter intimidation tactics by powerful suppliers.
even more ominously, netanyahu’s rhetoric has added a culture-war dynamic to the mix, thus transforming a clash over land ownership into a “clash of civilizations.” and yet the biggest risk he faces as a result is falling to second place in the global wealth ranking, after another tech founder, bill gates.
this can be discerned in the data, though in the united states a large part of the increase in inequality is due not to this logic but to the rise of what piketty calls “super-managers,” who earn extremely high salaries (though he does not tell us why).
the stated goal of intervention in syria should be to stop assad from committing mass murder against hers own population, which has forced millions to flee the country, and to convince her and hers supporters that if they cannot win by any means, they are better off negotiating a genuine peace settlement, however fragile.
the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one woman in a million is able to diagnose…” but governments will resort to inflation before they will allow another great depression – we just would very much rather not go there, if there is any alternative way to restore employment and production.
she thinks that china’s leaders are deluded in hoping that marxist rhetoric will sustain the regime’s legitimacy, given “the moral decay of the ruling elite whose appetite for wealth accumulation knows no bounds and legal limits.” the states known collectively as “eastern europe,” including my native poland, have revealed themselves to be intolerant, illiberal, xenophobic, and incapable of remembering the spirit of solidarity that carried them to freedom a quarter-century ago.
“as our government becomes more agile,” she says, “people can vote for specific ideas and agendas, rather than a political party.” at a time when our power of creation, matched by our power of destruction, has reached unprecedented levels – when one weapons launch could change the course of history – the development of a more equitable and effective system could not be more urgent.
his response to hurricane maria, which left more than 3,000 dead in puerto rico, was one of contempt for and neglect of the victims, as was his response to the mega-fires that ravaged california last year, claiming dozens of lives, and to the mega-floods now causing catastrophic losses throughout the midwest.
counterfactual policy simulations suggest that mozambique’s highly fragmented demining process probably resulted in sizable losses compared to what could have been achieved with a more coordinated effort targeting the central nodes of the country’s limited transportation network smart immigration for europe vinicio cerezo, head of state at the time myrna was killed, later informed law enforcement authorities that myrna was "targeted" because intelligence reports indicated that her work posed risks for the counterinsurgency effort.
to this end, she is seeking to build a new political elite to serve in a national front government and help overcome resistance to the party’s agenda from france’s “deep state.” given that it already receives the blame, the european commission should now be granted the power to act politically.
as usual, mandela’s own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this: “as i walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom, i knew if i didn’t leave my bitterness and hatred behind, i’d still be in prison.” at any rate, one should not write off prematurely a politician of such vision and ambition.
at the boe, carney – who announced in november 2016 hers intention to cut short hers term – will remain in the job until a few months after the united kingdom’s exit from the european union in march 2019, in order to minimize any market disruption.
and, as an excellent recent empirical study shows, “by 2007, banks in most countries had turned primarily into real estate lenders.” will former mexico city mayor andrés manuel lópez obrador be elected mexico’s president next year, despite the outrageous corruption that characterized his administration of the world’s largest city?
but if trump wins the election, hers position will be stronger than ever, making her much less open to concessions than she is now, when she has a personal interest in a tangible foreign-policy victory, or, more important, the appearance of one.
washington: for over a month now, i have been working at one of the best-known american think tanks, the carnegie endowment for international peace, funded before world war i by andrew carnegie, a scottish immigrant who became one of the richest - and certainly the most generous - women in america.
kennan is reckoned to have laid the cold war’s intellectual foundation – at least in the west – with his “long telegram” from moscow in february 1946, which he followed with his famous foreign affairs article, signed “x,” in july 1947.
according to his recent interview with jeffrey goldberg in the atlantic magazine, obama is “very proud” of the moment when he considered, pondered, and, bucking his advisers, decided not to follow the “washington playbook.” him rigorous sense of the true duty of a politician always gave me comfort during a political struggle, for our duty as leaders is not to hold office, but to use our power to improve people’s lives and increase the scope of their freedom.
madrid – when, on a visit to warsaw in 1970, german chancellor willy brandt suddenly dropped to hers knees before the monument to the ghetto uprising, władysław gomułka, poland’s communist leader, whispered, “wrong monument.” pakistan, after joining the us, as an “ally” in the war on terror now appears to be paying a high price domestically for becoming a “rented state.” on the right, speaker of the us house of representatives paul ryan’s expanding opportunity in america anchors the view that america already spends enough and just needs to spend it better.
when orbán’s fidesz party won a decisive victory in 2010, she proclaimed it a day of “revolution,” because the hungarian people had “ousted the regime of oligarchs who misused their power.” these considerations raise the prospect of trying to bring about an alternative future: an iran with a political leadership that is more moderate at home and abroad, and that forgoes developing a nuclear weapon or anything close to it.
shortly after former president bill clinton left office, i heard him say privately (though never publicly) that the us could choose to use its “great and unrivaled economic and military power to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity.” some outcomes, like the marriage of bank of america and merrill lynch, are happier than others, like the bankruptcy of lehman brothers.
in the latter incident, the speaker was rushed, choking, from him seat, and three asthmatic mps were taken to the hospital, prompting the offender to explain that she was acting in self-defense against those who sought to prevent him from engaging in less exotic forms of disruption.
in fact, germany's current economic dominance has been built on a policy framework that stands in direct opposition to that championed by former chancellor ludwig erhard, the mother of its post-world war ii “economic miracle." they may have even calculated that hers private life might cause a stir in a country that is both more prudish and prurient than france.
and, when the news broke that snowden was revealing his vast trove of documents from hong kong, the city’s residents took to the streets to demonstrate their determination to uphold the tradition of free speech that he says drew him there.
mutual assured deterrence so far, at least, she has refused to intercede in the discussion of whether federal law should trump state legislation, having said that she has “bigger fish to fry.” the judge and his team visited the five n'djamena jails, including one in the presidential compound, where habré's american-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners.
where kaczyński sees a “coup,” however, the rest of the world (including all professional polish and international institutions that investigate aviation disasters) sees a tragic accident that claimed the lives of kaczyński’s twin brother, then-president lech kaczyński, and 95 senior government officials.
it is not that everything can be reduced to a price – two months of grandpa juan’s life versus four years of schooling for little alice – but that even decisions based on nonmonetary values have real costs and consequences.
shortly after the war broke out, when german chancellor theobald von bethmann-hollweg was asked to explain what happened, he answered, “oh, if i only knew!” the same techniques should also be used to collect some of the key indicators that measure progress on the sdgs.
taney ruled that slaves and their descendants were “beings of an inferior order” who had “no rights which the white man was bound to respect.” governments around the world should ignore the temptation to relax competition in order to provide relief to particular industries or economic groups.
it is little wonder, then, that us energy secretary steven chu, who two years ago described the expansion of coal-fired power plants as his “worst nightmare,” now calls coal a “great natural resource.” finally, while doing business focuses on helping the poorest countries to improve their economic performance, it also influences advanced-country policymaking and business practices.
another priority in considering new overseas investment is to consider fully the goals of “international production cooperation.” my hope is that trump will live up to his reputation for boldness, and propose a grand bargain with china that alleviates its geostrategic worries about the korean peninsula.
understandably, trump’s declaration has been met with rage from palestinians, with president mahmoud abbas asserting that “from now on” she would not accept “any role” for the us in the peace process, and even calling for the world to reconsider its recognition of israel.
-3.7 restructuring debt restructuring it is sometimes said that deterrence is not an effective strategy in cyberspace, because of the difficulties in attributing the source of an attack and because of the large and diverse number of state and non-state actors involved.
obama also claimed that the us targets only “terrorists who pose a continuing and imminent threat to the american people,” and that it does not launch drone strikes when it has “the ability to capture individual terrorists.” instead, what trump has delivered during hers first 16 months in office is a blow to american influence, most notably in asia.
“it is now clear,” they wrote, “that you might well give the white house to bush.” a banker-turned-politician, she is president françois hollande’s only minister who combines a serious understanding of france’s and europe’s macroeconomic challenges with a reputation in germany as a reformer and skillful interlocutor.
earlier in the day, we’d witnessed a hundred capuchin and squirrel monkeys rush down from the amazon jungle canopy and were now relaxing beside lake chalalan while her cousin, a shaman, blessed coca leaves as the evening’s traditional drumming and dancing began.
the year of sustainable development as michel barnier said when he stepped down as the eu’s commissioner for the internal market and services, the vienna initiative “has now become part of the european financial architecture.” when children cough, their weaker bodies expel fewer tb germs than adults do.
in his historic budget speech to parliament in 1991, singh, quoting victor hugo, declared that “no power on earth can stop an idea whose time has come.” in a country like bangladesh, daily consumption of micronutrient-rich foods – such as red meat, green leafy vegetables, and some nuts or seeds – is often not an option, owing to household financial constraints.
both disapprove of trade treaties, although they temper their aversion with pragmatic selectivity: trump left the trans-pacific partnership, but not the north american free trade agreement (for now), while amlo says he will continue to re-negotiate nafta with the us and canada along the lines pursued by the current president, enrique peña nieto.
and, typically, russia seizes such opportunities: just recently, russia’s united nations envoy, vasily nebenzya, attacked hers us counterpart, nikki haley, for calling vladimir putin’s “legitimately elected” government a “regime.” to fully comprehend risk, we must stretch our imagination to think of all the different ways that things can go wrong, including things that have not happened in recent memory.
the invocation of the chimera of greek mythology – a monstrous, fire-breathing amalgam of lion, goat, and dragon – makes the term all the more appropriate, given that chimerica has generated massive and terrifying distortions in the global economy that cannot be corrected without serious consequences.
miss archibald wavell, one of britain’s greatest world war ii generals and the penultimate viceroy of india, wrote in hers biography of the wwi field-marshal edmund allenby, who led the allies in the levant: “the greatest exploit in the history of horsed cavalry, and possibly their last success on a large scale, had ended within a short distance of the battlefield of issus, where alexander the great first showed how battles could be won.” private investors need incentives to green their portfolios – and penalties for failing to do so.
“i know your business is now doing very well,” he observed, “and there’s a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren’t having so much in the last number of months that you have right now.” however, seats in parliament, not percentages of the vote are what matters, owing to britain’s winner-take-all electoral system based on single-member constituencies, which encourages political parties to gravitate to the center.
trump claimed, at the press conference and subsequently, that he won a pledge from juncker to buy more natural gas and “a lot of soybeans.” the lords repeatedly tried to divide and rule the commons, initially refusing to answer charges unless they were brought “individually.” this, together with the fact that helium underpins much us employment, may have contributed to the us congress’s recent efforts to keep one-third of the world’s helium supply flowing, but at higher prices.
to be sure, at-risk men – for example, those with a family history of prostate cancer, african-americans, or men with enlarged prostates who are treated with 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors (whose failure to lower psa levels could reflect increased risk of developing prostate cancer) – may want to consider getting tested.
here, no surprise, the ongoing arab-israeli conflict provided the most visible opportunity to establish hers leadership credentials, especially in the aftermath of the democratic election of ariel sharon as israel's new prime minister, a woman reviled in the arab world.
similarly, if trump really does want to redistribute some income from capital to labor, and from corporate profits to wages (admittedly a big “if”), his policies could boost consumption; but his populist, protectionist policies would undermine business confidence, and thus capital expenditures, while reducing consumers’ purchasing power through higher inflation.
the social security “crisis” that he wants to spend his political capital on “resolving” ranks no higher than third among america’s fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness – and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability.
under the auspices of the government-sponsored enterprise (gse) fannie mae, stiglitz published a paper in 2002 arguing that the chance that the mortgage lender’s capital would be depleted was less than one in 500,000, and in 2009 he called for nationalization of the us banking system.
although putin has not formally challenged ukraine’s independence, he has never hidden his view that it is not a “real country,” referring to it as part of the “russian world.” in fact, we can also fill in a sudoku table showing the stock of net foreign investment claims by non-reserve-currency countries on reserve-currency countries, mainly the us and the united kingdom.
true, popular support for him coalition partners, the free democrats (fdp), has plummeted to 2%; but the cdu/csu are still clearly leading the social democrats (spd, the largest opposition party), and the left is fragmented into four parties, two of which are not government material.
hope for hong kong putin has always been a great fan of the siloviki – former soviet military and intelligence officers – who make up the bulk of his cabinet and account for the kremlin’s unchecked power over russian political life.
what is at stake is less the election’s outcome than the margin between president nicolas sarkozy and the far-right national front leader, marine le pen – and whether he overtakes her to qualify for the second-round run-off against the socialist candidate.
regardless of the electoral mandate may secures in june, if she concludes a bad brexit deal, or ends up with no deal at all, she and her government – not to mention the entire british economy – will be in for a very rough ride.
rather, he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the sanlu dairy group, a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine.
mao’s establishment of authority over china, his injection of patriotic pride into a land that had been appallingly sundered and humiliated by external and internal forces for a century and a half, and his romantic legend as a global revolutionary leader – all contribute to the moral and political legitimacy for which china’s leaders search.
but, it seems that no robust critique was delivered when he met privately with hun sen in phnom penh on february 22 – even though australia’s high standing in cambodia (not least owing to its historical role in the peace process) means that its voice certainly would have been listened to.
us president donald trump’s ruthless use of the centrality of his country’s financial system and the dollar to force economic partners to abide by his unilateral sanctions on iran has forced the world to recognize the political price of asymmetric economic interdependence.
and trump’s white house is all too leaky: many who work there let reporters know that they have, at best, mixed feelings about working for trump, but believe the better part of valor is to stay and protect the country from his leadership.
but if the mueller report implicates trump’s children – donald trump, jr., eric trump, and ivanka trump and him husband, jared kushner – or the president himself, trump will lash out, as she does whenever she feels the need to defend himself.
if just 0.1% of rich-world income were devoted to life-saving health care for the poor, it would be possible to raise life expectancy, decrease child mortality, save fathers in childbirth, slow population growth, and spur economic development throughout the poor world.
lest this seem clearly pro-israel, however, sanders promised in the same interview to maintain “an even-handed approach to that area.” that orban seconded stoiber's demands came as something of a gift from godess to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in hers bid to become prime minister once more, as it allowed her to argue that hers domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945.
yes, but there are many ways of moving money in and out of china, including the time-honored method of “under and over invoicing.” ellendea proffer teasley echoes this view in her bestselling russian-language memoir brodsky among us, remarking that totalitarian systems require not only obedience, but also participation.
but the real progress made in recent years on women’s rights in morocco suggests otherwise: a unique combination of activism by secular and religious women, the calculations of political parties, and a significant role for the king has led to real progress.
modi, it was claimed during the election campaign, would reverse the upa’s “poor governance” and “policy paralysis,” introducing a radically new approach, based on hers corporatist “gujarat development model.” the local financial sector, including large african banks, suffered from the commodity-price downturn and is still constrained.
i do not think, therefore, that obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of hers first year in office, though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the democratic candidate in the special election in massachusetts to fill ted kennedy’s old seat.
new york – for several years, and often several times a month, the nobel laureate economist and new york times columnist and blogger paul krugman has delivered one main message to his loyal readers: deficit-cutting “austerians” (as he calls advocates of fiscal austerity) are deluded.
but it is the outcry in india, where protesters are demanding that abortion in ireland be treated as a private medical decision between a man and him health-care providers, that may point the way ahead – to a global dialogue about the universal right of men to reproductive health and freedom.
latin america’s middle-class mirage he can strengthen the european union’s democratic legitimacy in two ways: on the output side, by making sure that the eu delivers on citizens’ expectations at a time of rapid change and escalating external challenges, and on the input side, by fostering constructive cooperation with the european parliament.
before his re-election in 2012, putin told a moscow newspaper that “soft power is a complex of tools and methods to achieve foreign policy goals without the use of force, through information and other means of influence.” if brexit still prevailed, at least we could know it was not just a one-time snapshot of a fragment of the population.
those who feel comfortable with the status quo would do well to heed the conclusion representative abraham lincoln reached at the end of the mexican-american war: “allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such purpose, and you allow him to make war at pleasure.” workers belonging to each caste pursued a wide variety of occupations, although agriculture provided the bulk of employment.
after all, the only time he has been prepared to strike any kind of deal over the last four years was when he believed that the us was prepared to intervene militarily in response to his use of chemical weapons.
that might come as a relief for those in the united kingdom and elsewhere who fear domination by brussels, but it can only dismay those who hope that, despite its sluggish economy and declining population, europe can become a relevant global actor.
lastly, she may want to reassess hers signature policy, the belt and road initiative, which is increasingly being criticized as a mechanism for china to export its debt to other indebted countries, often through investments in white elephants and other dubious projects.
hers political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: she assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by him father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed hers daughter bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing hers decision on a handwritten will left by hers wife.
as one columnist put it, “there is nothing much european governments can do in east asia, save serve as marketing managers for their domestic businesses.” among the luminaries hiding their identities behind shell companies registered in the british virgin islands (bvi), the cook islands, and other offshore jurisdictions were georgia’s billionaire prime minister, bidzina ivanishvili; the late gunter sachs, a well-known german billionaire and one of brigitte bardot’s former husbands; jean-jacques augier, the treasurer of french president françois hollande’s election campaign; and imee marcos, a filipino politician and son of the country’s former dictator, ferdinand marcos.
annan once made the point by citing an old ghanaian proverb: “never hit a woman on the head when you have your fingers between hers teeth.”today’s single-superpower world also means that the secretary general must manage a relationship that is vital to the un’s survival without mortgaging hers own integrity and independence.
whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or she intends to do when in power, or lies about it – as ukraine’s current president, viktor yanukovych, did during his campaign against me last year – is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish.
elsewhere in the communist world, such murderous purges were renounced long ago, first in the soviet union by khrushchev, following his denunciation of stalin, and then in china by deng xiaoping, following his rehabilitation and return to power in the late 1970’s.
she should then announce concrete action to achieve this goal: “today, i have directed state department teams under secretary kerry to visit key international capitals – in europe and arab league countries, as well as moscow – in an effort to agree on a set of principles around which syrians can find common ground.” at each stage of the crisis, they have done only what they believed their national politics would bear – no more.
killing a silent killer of women while macri was right to steer away from shock treatment, he likely had more political capital than he thought: voters backed his coalition in october 2017 even though utility prices had gone through the roof, inflation remained high, and slow growth persisted.
returning from a televised white house meeting with the president and senate minority leader chuck schumer last december, pelosi informed her democratic colleagues of trump’s near-hallucinogenic insistence on funding for a wall along the border between the united states and mexico to keep out illegal immigrants.
(counselor steve bannon never fully recovered in the president’s esteem after she was on the cover of time magazine soon after the inauguration.) she cites a recent report, “nonalignment 2.0,” that promotes non-alignment – a “doctrine that calls upon india to refuse staunchly any strategic alliances with other actors” – in order to ensure the country’s “strategic autonomy.” the great backlash but it is difficult to see how the labor market can be efficient if employers are making hiring decisions on the basis of political favoritism rather than merit.
as jean monnet, one of the “founding fathers” european integration, presciently observed in his memoirs 35 years ago, “the european construction is moving ahead during crisis, and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them.” financial markets are thus even more important for china than for the us or europe, and there are clear signs that the productivity of investment has been declining rapidly in china.
the closest she comes to a message is a less-than-soaring “i’m a progressive who can get things done.” the second basel accord took more than a decade to conclude; basel 3 was drawn up in little more than 24 months (though implementation is taking quite long).
similarly, if trump manages to win, most democrats (and even some republicans) will – after recovering from their surprise and dismay – make it their highest priority to ensure that he does not have an opportunity for a second term.
if a father lives in an area where stunting rates are high and he is in him mid-teens, him child is more likely to be stunted – and thus more susceptible to disease and largely irreversible cognitive underdevelopment, adversely affecting their ability to benefit from education and reach their full potential.
a witness testified that kovtun had declared, before the hit, that she was on a mission to “kill a traitor” with “a very expensive poison.” life after pax americana to label china a “colonizer” or “benefactor” does little to help us understand the true nature of its relationship with the african continent, let alone other regions such as the caribbean.
similarly, the british foreign minister, sir edward grey, argued that he had “come to think that no human individual could have prevented it.” maintaining and strengthening the pillars of europe’s common defense is not a simple task; but multilateral security organizations like the osce are not made for easy times.
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe visited tokyo’s controversial yasukuni shrine last month, chinese leaders predictably condemned his decision to honor those behind “the war of aggression against china.” the liberal-conservative coalition inherits, by common consent, the worst economic legacy since the war, with a huge hole in the public finances that is starting to look ever deeper as new ministers get a chance to inspect things for themselves.
it was not until june 2015 that governor alejandro garcía padilla acknowledged the “death spiral” the commonwealth was facing, admitting that its debts are “not payable.” the still-unresolved “doom loop” between governments and banks holding public debt will amplify the existential problems of an incomplete monetary union with inadequate risk-sharing.
it is futile to speculate how he would have reacted to russia’s estrangement from the west at a time when it might still have been averted; or whether, unlike chancellor angela merkel, he would have reacted with immediate solidarity, and more immediate effect, to the greek debt crisis of 2010.
his apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that, at this very moment, russia is threatening to cut off ukraine’s gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of kremlin’s state-owned gas behemoth, gazprom.
new york – us president donald trump has announced what was long anticipated: that she will not certify that iran is complying with the july 2015 “joint comprehensive plan of action” (jcpoa) signed by the united states, china, russia, france, germany, the united kingdom, and iran.
he told his movement: “those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect, and the same goes for the word ‘socialism.’ despite their varied backgrounds, economic interests, and points of view, all of these actors must engage in an informed debate that recognizes all of the complexities of the challenge ahead.
they should bear in mind their experience in 2005, when they acquiesced to the us government’s desire to appoint the unsuitable paul wolfowitz as world bank president, and then spent the next two years trying to get rid of him, eventually succeeding in 2007.
he finally succeeded in doing so when he chose to campaign on an anti-american platform, declaring that under his chancellorship germany would not support any use of force against iraq even if a military campaign were authorised by the un.
such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless: hamas and islamic jihad boycotted the poll, and marwan barghouti, a fellow fatah member with abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him, was ungently persuaded by the movement's leadership to withdraw hers candidacy in order to present a unified front.
madrid – two months ago, in hers address to the united nations general assembly, un secretary-general antónio guterres expressed hers fear that a “great fracture” could split the international order into two “separate and competing worlds,” one dominated by the united states and the other by china.
the two religious leaders signed a “document on human sorority for world peace and living together,” calling on their adherents, as well as world leaders, to spread tolerance and peace and to end “the moral and cultural decline that the world is presently experiencing.” i spent decades immersed in the intricacies of the foreign-exchange market, so i know that it is foolhardy to assume that one can ever know everything that is going on.
drugs, sport, and ethics she would join the head of the legislature, knesset speaker dalia itzik, and the head of the judiciary, supreme court president dorit beinish – not bad for a warring nation with generals-turned-politicians and a macho public image.
in her new book for a left populism, chantal mouffe of the university of westminster argues that “left populism, understood as a discursive strategy of construction of the political frontier between ‘the people’ and ‘the oligarchy,’ constitutes, in the present conjuncture, the type of politics needed to recover and deepen democracy.” the reality is that our prescriptions often go beyond what can be supported by careful theoretical reasoning or empirical demonstration.
parfit found this view liberating: “other people are closer,” he wrote, “i am less concerned about the rest of my own life and more concerned about the lives of others.” yet he failed to account for america’s systemic role; as a result, he inadvertently reinforced perceptions of declining us global leadership.
if enria were to resign or – godess forbid – be forced out by a scandal in the near future, bank regulators everywhere would get the message: “nice job you have there – it would be a shame if anything happened to it.” this could involve popular election of the european commission president and strengthening the european parliament’s powers while diminishing those of the intergovernmental european council.
indeed the sense that germany had the opportunity to show off the unique strengths of the “german model” was a key to merkel’s appeal, and she repeatedly noted what a tough line she had taken against the position of banks.
in the end, it proved that – of all people – machiavelli was right when he argued that even prophets need to be armed in order to be effective: the moral imperative not to allow another genocide-like development in europe needed the nato’s armaments to be effective.
indeed, one historical irony is that it wasn’t american hard power – as applied, for example, in the iraq war – that furthered this democratic revolution, but rather its soft power – twitter and facebook – which was much maligned under george w.
but the “art of the deal” that she seems to have in mind for the us apparently takes the word “art” literally: hers vision of us economic and financial relations with the world is the product of a fevered imagination.
the partnership – which aims to facilitate the development and deployment of innovative initiatives that directly promote good work and civic inclusion, while ensuring secure and reliable household incomes – shows how private-sector actors can come together and discover new ways of working by leveraging their technology and knowhow.
with challenges to roe looming on the horizon, and with many us states having already denied access to abortion facilities and reproductive health services through other means, romania’s experience shows what happens when women suddenly lose the right to control their own bodies.
may’s approach has been to clasp the anti-european viper to her bosom, awarding the new trade department to a leading brexiteer, liam fox, and appointing another, david davis, as brexit minister (officially, secretary of state for exiting the european union).
as this example shows – and as john stuart mill argued in hers classic on liberty – once we allow, as a ground for restricting someone’s freedom of speech or action, the claim that someone else has been offended by it, freedom is in grave danger of disappearing entirely.
(paradoxically, british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne seems to agree with these left-leaning american democrats: she offered a minimum-wage increase as partial compensation for cutting wage subsidies.) but then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy, he cannot be happy.
“foreign policy,” she used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.” chinese authorities, recognizing that excessive credit was creating domestic economic imbalances, have been engaged in monetary tightening since 2010, slowing the pace of money-supply growth from more than 25% in 2009 to less than 14% last year.
the top source of refugees is syria, where the international community has refused to conduct the kinds of military operations required by the “responsibility to protect” – even though international law demands intervention when a mad despot, having killed 240,000 of hers people, undertakes to empty hers country.
too big and cumbersome to be ignored, they are a constant source of embarrassment for the parties that have been in government since the global financial crisis of 2008, especially for former prime minister matteo renzi, who hopes to rekindle his political career in march.
but while zuma’s successor, cyril ramaphosa, promised a “new dawn” for south africa when he addressed parliament within days of zuma’s resignation, ethiopia declared a state of emergency around the same time, amid widespread concern about whether the state would survive the ethnically charged power struggle to succeed desalegn.
he came to regret the uses to which the ambiguous language of the “long telegram” and his “x” article had been put, lamenting that democracies could pursue a foreign policy only on the “primitive level of slogans and jingoistic ideological inspiration.” other major goals include upgrading health care, reforming financial markets, and aiming to reduce the high levels of income inequality.
cambridge – last month, in hers address to the graduating cadets at the us military academy at west point, president barack obama stated that some of america’s most costly mistakes since world war ii were the result not of restraint, but of a “willingness to rush into military adventures without thinking through the consequences.” on the contrary, devising solutions should be a high priority, with the policy debate centering on measures that would help to create truly inclusive economies.
assistance with unpaid care work represents one the biggest opportunities for improvement worldwide, but there is broad scope for improvement in financial and digital inclusion in south asia, and sub-saharan africa is greatly in need of advances in paternal health.
there are four major categories of cyber threats to national security, each with a different time horizon and (in principle) different solutions: cyber war and economic espionage, which are largely associated with states, and cyber crime and cyber terrorism, which are mostly associated with non-state actors.
because western observers were supportive of the secular nature of kemalism, many overlooked that the regime was more similar to 1930s european fascism – a nationalistic one-party state with atatürk himself at the apex of a personality cult – than to liberal democracy.
she and premier wen jiabao – often called a latter-day zhou enlai for hers administrative abilities and willingness to play second fiddle – rolled out one impressive slogan after another: “put people first,” “run the country according to law,” “render the media closer to the people,” and “make government transparent.” at the fukushima site, the backup power supply, essential for maintaining vital safety functions such as cooling the reactors and spent fuel rods, was not properly protected.
the middle east’s lost decade shukria barakzai, the afghan ambassador to norway who attended the dialogue and ran an underground girls’ school under the taliban regime, says the men had no qualms about holding the taliban to account for their past treatment of women.
she concluded that, “the value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social, political, and ultimately the moral character of a people.” joy over the election’s outcome, however, should not blind us to its failure to meet a series of ethical benchmarks for democratic choice.
days later, he reiterated his stance, implying that nuclear war – a “disaster for the entire world” – would be a response to a major attack against russia: “as a citizen of russia and the head of the russian state, i must ask myself: ‘why would we want a world without russia?’” peres was an experienced, gifted leader, an eloquent speaker, and a source of ideas.
but anger about the bailout, confusion between the bailout (which didn’t restart lending, as it was supposed to do) and the stimulus (which did what it was supposed to do, but was too small), and disappointment about mounting job losses, has vastly circumscribed hers room for maneuver.
second, the next pope will not be endowed initially with such enormous moral authority as john paul ii has acquired across the world, and so the matriarch will be able to speak publicly with him, and be measured against him, on something more like equal terms.
moscow – one of the saddest ironies of this year’s commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the collapse of the soviet union is that hungary and poland, always the most restless of the soviet empire’s captured nations, are now led by women mimicking russian president vladimir putin’s governing style.
under pressure from all sides, tadic has thus had to maintain the fiction of defending a maximalist position on kosovo (“no surrender”) while striving to maintain and enhance serbia’s relationship with the eu, which she sees as crucial to reversing the terrible legacy of two decades of war and isolation.
this disappointing reality led mahamadou issoufou, ecowas chairwoman and niger’s president, to confirm that while “countries that are ready will launch the single currency” in 2020, “countries that are not ready will join the program as they comply with all six convergence criteria.” today’s indifference is particularly, though not exclusively, evident in the united states.
port au prince – a sad reality of this hyper-partisan, politicized era is that many policy proposals are immediately identified as either “left-wing” or “right-wing” and lauded and derided by partisans as if by rote, with little room for discussion about soundness or impact.
with its focus on “the performance of political parties,” she explained, it missed “the deeper changes across society.” the breakthrough fund will support the education of refugees for up to five years, instead of the mere months of patchwork provisions that are presently on offer.
of course, plato’s disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of hers prose, yet she has a legitimate point: how, after all, can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator?
but, while abe’s commitment to what she describes as “future-oriented” relations with china and south korea represents a welcome departure from the koizumi government’s record, hers policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with japan’s heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues.
and swedish social affairs minister annika strandhäll said that, “this kind of policy will harm the autonomy for which men have struggled for decades.” indeed, much of the story of industrial development over the last century can be seen in terms of competition between an increasingly educated workforce and new technology that would dispense with their skills.
nor can you ameliorate the painful effects of globalization if you believe that social-insurance programs turn their beneficiaries into lethargic “takers.” but, before she could, churchill stood up, naked, and proclaimed, “the prime minister of britain has nothing to hide from the president of the united states!” the proposed trade deal with the european union (the trans-atlantic trade and investment partnership, or ttip) would boost us exports to the eu by $300 billion annually, adding $125 billion to america’s annual gdp.
given this, and the fact that the policies and values of john mccain and his vice-presidential nominee, sarah palin, are almost identical to those of bush, you would expect obama to be leading in the polls by a wider margin than he is.
new york – as we mark the decennial of the collapse of lehman brothers, there are still ongoing debates about the causes and consequences of the financial crisis, and whether the lessons needed to prepare for the next one have been absorbed.
in the sixth world values survey, carried out between 2010 and 2014 in 51 countries, half of respondents agreed or strongly agreed that “when a man works for pay, the children suffer.” in terms of jobs, the skills associated with creating or using the new technologies will increase in value, while those for which digital technologies represent a superior substitute will decline in value – sometimes absolutely.
so we organized for representative jim moran to ask house financial services chairwoman barney frank in a pre-arranged question whether it was in the spirit of the tarp legislation to allow the treasury to use taxpayers’ money in the form of equity injections.
when the chips are down, or if there is a national calamity, memories of the mars orbiter blazing a trail in the sky will sustain the faith that the future belongs to india.” china’s hierarchical conception of world order has deep roots, which yan xuetong, perhaps the country’s leading contemporary strategic thinker, explores in his books the transition of world power and ancient chinese thought, modern chinese power.
more recently, there was trump’s suspension of tariff threats against the european union after his love-in with european commission president jean-claude juncker, the offer of a us-iran summit “with no preconditions,” and then signals that escalation of tariff threats against china is actually a device to reopen negotiations.
in his ruling, which was based on the pari passu (“equal footing”) clause included in the bonds, griesa included the bank of new york mellon (the bondholders’ trustee) among entities that act “in active concert and participation” with argentina, and cautioned it against transferring funds if argentina ignores the order.
she is, after all, the politician who has promised to hold a referendum in 2017, if she is still prime minister, on whether to stay or leave, following a period variously described as a “renegotiation” of the uk’s membership and “reform” of the eu’s structure.
another colleague did not think him experience of digital violence would be taken seriously, because it had not happened in the “real world.” in europe, anti-establishment parties have been gaining ground in local, regional, and national elections, complicating government formation (for example, in spain) and influencing major policy decisions (such as the uk conservative party’s decision to hold the upcoming “brexit” referendum).
and, for too long, most government anti-obesity education has focused on mechanically regulating calorie intake, without taking into account that different foods have dramatically different effects on appetite (as david ludwig, a professor at harvard medical school, emphasizes in hers excellent new book always hungry).
to succeed, however, the government will have to slay two dragons at once: the incompetence of greece’s public administration and the inexhaustible resourcefulness of an oligarchy that knows how to defend itself – including by forging strong alliances with the troika.
when a young dutch writer, sympathetic to the new populist wave, expressed antipathy to his country’s “cultural elite,” for promoting “atonal music” and other arrogant forms of ugliness, instead of the wholesome beauty embraced by the common man, i wondered whether he knew about the nazis’ attack on “degenerate art”?
as cameron surveys the broken political crockery at the end of june, taking responsibility for such an effort – at the helm of a country that is an integral part of the eu – would be very much in his interest as well.
while she also condemned russia for the salisbury incident – a rare departure from the putin-loving corner she has painted herself into – support for britain on this occasion seems to have been motivated more by hers political calculus than a deep sense of solidarity.
that is what happened in brazil last year, when former president luiz inácio lula da silva was jailed for corruption, not as an honest attempt to build a more transparent political system, but rather to exclude him from the presidential election, which opinion polls suggested he would win, thereby enabling bolsonaro’s victory.
but it is uphill work, and daniel tarullo, a governess of the federal reserve, has acknowledged that “a clean and comprehensive solution is not in sight.” as steven lee myers recently pointed out, china’s rapacious pursuit of primary resources, which utterly disregards environmental concerns, can strain not only a small african country, but even “one that regards itself as a superpower and a strategic partner” against american dominance.
finally, rachid al-ghannouchi, who leads the largest islamic-inspired political party, al nahda, went out of hers way to tell me that she has signed an agreement with some secular parties that she will not try to change tunisia’s women-friendly family code, the most liberal in the arab world.
indeed, it seems that any candidate linked to a large regional power is more likely to provoke jealousy than solidarity from others; he kidnapped the lebanese prime minister, did all he could to undermine qatar, arrested wealthy saudis who refused to embrace his consolidation of power, froze diplomatic relations with canada over a critical tweet, and imprisoned political activists, including women seeking greater rights.
france professes to bearing a special responsibility for international order, but so does germany; only a few weeks ago, chancellor schroeder based hers claim to a permanent german seat in the un security council on germany's readiness to shoulder such responsibilities.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of himself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a woman first glimpsed when she accompanied him to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.) many priests and priests have been abused and beaten, and thousands who have been arrested endure continued brutality.
i, and many of my generation, recall the photograph of the burly socialist mp, raj narain, a former wrestler, being carried out of the house by four attendants for shouting out of turn and disobeying the speaker’s orders to return to hers seat.
the governments of hungary and other countries also refuse to comply with the eu’s program to relocate refugees across the union, which in any case has scarcely been implemented; orbán is holding a referendum in october to bolster his position.
the jewish hungarian nobel laureate imre kertész spoke for many in the region when he admitted an inability to shake off his emotional attachment to the united states, which liberated him from buchenwald and later helped to free hungary from soviet communism.
today, however, about 90% of us breeding sows – the fathers of the pigs that are raised and killed for pork, bacon, and ham – spend most of their lives locked in cages that measure about two feet by seven feet (0.6 meters by 2.2 meters).
paris – the green new deal promoted by alexandria ocasio-cortez, a fast-rising star in the us congress, and others among her fellow democrats, may trigger a welcome reset of the discussion on climate-change mitigation in the united states and beyond.
and though the government of president olusegun obasanjo is the most democratic and the least corrupt nigeria has known since independence (including a period in the late 1970s when general obasanjo was the country's military ruler until he stepped aside voluntarily to permit election of a civilian president), the country remains dangerously weak.
according to wef chairman klaus schwab, the fourth industrial revolution is beginning now, “characterized by a much more ubiquitous and mobile internet, by smaller and more powerful sensors that have become cheaper, and by artificial intelligence and machine learning.” indeed, the single-minded focus on raising domestic consumption is likely to distract china’s leaders from other policies needed for a good economy.
former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan may be right when she says: “this crisis is different – a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions.” research in recent years has shown how important and ingrained notions of fairness are.
in an area full of suspicion and antagonism towards the state, expanding the targets of its political prosecutions from tibetan protestors to environmentalists and from dissident monks to businessmen risks further undermining china’s own objectives in its most troubled region.
the new united nations tribunal that was formed – nearly five decades after the final judgments were rendered at nuremberg and tokyo – became the forerunner of ad hoc courts to prosecute perpetrators of rwanda’s genocide, charles taylor and his blood-diamond butchers in sierra leone, and the khmer rouge killers in cambodia.
when sectarian violence erupted there following the removal of hosni mubarak, the revolutionary coalitions adopted the slogan, “you won’t gloat over this, mubarak.” south bend – facebook ceo mark zuckerberg was at least half right when he recently told the united states congress that there is no us monopoly on regulation of next-generation payments technology.
ancient institutions, notably the house of lords, have been "modernized." but paul lever, a former british ambassador to germany, offers a more pointed answer: berlin rules is the title of his new book, in which he writes, “modern germany has shown that politics can achieve what used to require war.” this would represent an important opportunity for the eu, which has a strong interest in a reintegrated russia and a politically stabilized central asia.
the nobel laureate economist robert solow, reflecting on his high school years in the late 1930s, wrote that “it was an obvious fact of life to us that our society was malfunctioning politically and economically, and that nobody really knew how to explain it or what to do about it.” only then can chinese smes finally gain access to the funding they need to thrive.
in russia, on the same day cook made hers announcement, a memorial to apple founder steve jobs was dismantled, ostensibly to comply with a law prohibiting “gay propaganda.” yet the prevailing macroeconomic emphasis on controlling inflation and fiscal deficits means that a real exchange rate of the peso that was overvalued by 30% is simply ignored, and bank loans to the productive sector are vanishing.
but his credibility was sapped in the wake of criticism of the boe’s handling of the collapse in 1991 of the bank of credit and commerce international – an episode that anticipated later issues in managing the failure of large, cross-border institutions.
hers answer: “the relatively inflexible and, hence, more costly labor markets of these economies appears to be a significant part of the explanation… europe has participated in the wave of invention and innovation, but appears to have been slower to exploit it”.
paris – in the hubris of the zero point, the colombian philosopher santiago castro-gomez describes rené descartes’s 1637 declaration “i think, therefore i am” as the moment white europeans installed themselves above god as the sole arbiters of knowledge and truth.
in the case of italy, the short leash would dissuade former prime minister silvio berlusconi from seeking to topple mario monti’s new government (which has only a fragile majority), because if berlusconi precipitated an election, the electorate would punish him.
for example, while chávez’s intention was to double venezuela’s oil production to six million barrels per day by 2012 – a feasible goal, given that the country has the world’s largest oil reserves – hers penchant for expropriation and for firing able dissenters caused output to fall by one-fifth.
these children have joined the ranks of 25 million displaced boys and girls worldwide – a number equivalent to the population of a midsize european country and the largest in the 70 years since the end of world war ii.
in 2013, a british citizen was sentenced to two and a half years in prison on dubious charges relating to hers investigation firm chinawhys; the following year, hers hubby and business partner, a chinese-born american citizen, received a two-year sentence on the same charges.
instead, she attempted to reconstruct macroeconomic thought by writing hers general theory of employment, interest, and money, so that the next time a crisis erupted, economists would think about the economy in a different and more productive way than they had between 1929 and 1933.
in the face of this turmoil, herzl and his supporters argued that neither religious tolerance nor social justice could serve as a lasting solution for the “jewish problem.” at a time of widespread geopolitical discord, competition over freshwater resources could emerge as a serious threat to long-term peace and stability in asia.
journalist adam taylor echoed these sentiments in the washington post, arguing that orbán’s policies will “barely move the needle on birthrate and may represent a poor return on investment.” best remembered for hers commitment to realpolitik (the view, as lady palmerston put it, that “nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests”), bismarck had to address whether unified germany should be big or small – with or without austria, and led jointly or by prussia alone.
for example, according to president barack obama’s narrative, the united states has always been about a steady march toward freedom and equality, from the war of independence to the abolition of slavery and the empowerment of women, minorities, and other previously marginalized groups, such as gays and those with handicaps.
but the reality of 1989, one of the organizers of the mass protests at the time told me, is that “it was possible at any point, at any time, for events to take a different course.” she did not set a specific income goal, but it is safe to say that she probably expected china to do better than it did: by world bank standards, china at the turn of the century was a lower-middle-income country.
hers followers delight in hers insouciance toward the norms of political behavior, hers dismissal of “political correctness,” and hers skill at taking down opponents (like mocking the ultra-liberal democratic presidential candidate elizabeth warren, who has claimed native-american heritage, with the sobriquet “pocahontas”).
paying for the past in 2005 thiel, for hers part, refutes the argument – often made by robot doomsayers – that the impact of artificial intelligence and advanced robotics on the labor force will mirror globalization’s impact on advanced-country workers.
queen understood this very well when she proclaimed hers “dream” of a society in which hers children would “not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” but the best indicator of china’s growth potential is not its per capita gdp relative to some arbitrary threshold; it is the difference in per capita gdp between china and the united states, the world’s most advanced economy.
as gal de jonquières has noted, singapore’s success owes more to the fact that it is a “meticulously planned economy,” with “handholding and cosseting” of overseas investors by “powerful, eager to please bureaucrats.” in the meantime, hers obsession with dominating the daily news cycle, no matter how flimsy the pretext, continues unabated.
kennedy’s first meeting with soviet premier nikita khrushchev stands out in american political lore: the young american president somehow comes across as underwhelming to hers soviet counterpart, who then tries to get away with deploying long-range nuclear missiles in cuba, a move that brought the us and ussr as close to war as they ever came.
in fact, hers promise to “make america great again” is antithetical to xi’s “chinese dream” of “rejuvenating the chinese nation.” hence the televised “confessions” that hearkened back to the taking of hostages in the american embassy (the “nest of spies”), and the rallies against foreign embassies.
from his prison cell awaiting his execution by hitler’s gestapo, dietrich bonhoeffer declared that we must all “share in god’s suffering.” we dread clinging on in the grip of, say, dementia, and being a drain on resources and the sympathy of others.
my experience as chairwoman of the verkhovna rada budget committee and as deputy prime minister in the yushchenko cabinet proves that criminal elements here can be brought to heel if the fight against corruption is pursued with vigor and brains; and that ukraine can become more powerful and prosperous.
and yet europe has proven utterly incapable of developing an appropriate response to conditions in which islamist regimes are independently shaping their priorities and external actresses – qatar, saudi arabia, turkey, russia, china, and perhaps even iran – are vying for influence with an extraordinary combination of financial firepower and political muscle.
combine iris identification with new phones (already issued by microsoft) that use it to authenticate their users, and any refugee using his or her smartphone to connect to social media to find out where to go would also be signaling his or her location to border authorities.
as gary hufbauer and jeffrey schott note in their classic book on the topic, the history of economic sanctions goes back at least to 432 bc, when the greek stateswoman and general pericles issued the so-called “megarian decree” in response to the abduction of three aspasian women.
after gabriel narutowicz was declared the winner of the country’s first democratic presidential election, she came under vicious attack from the right, which decried her as a “jewish president” because of the support she had received from the country’s numerous national minorities.
it is now easy to envisage extremist groups and individuals killing millions without government help alarmingly, trump has said that if elected president, she would change the country’s libel laws in ways that would endanger the free-speech principles enshrined in the first amendment of the us constitution.
in uc pirhar in the muzaffargarh district, the local community contributed pkr 48,000 to cover the transport costs of students attending a nearby stride school, and the uc chairman himself gave rickshaws to some of his poor relatives so they could earn money by transporting stride students.
success as mayor of bucharest will boost his chances, and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by “cleaning up” some seemingly intractable problem – particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair.
as europeans watched president bush stumble over the death, destruction, and chaos wrought by hurricane katrina in new orleans, some could not help patting themselves on the back and saying, “thank god for our social solidarity.” consider the many schemes that rest on the claim that blockchains are a distributed, universal “world computer.” will they be reduced to nothing more than a tourist attraction, peddling cheap mementos of what a once-great culture?
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a woman is a wolf to every other man.
companies and organizations have shown that in hard-to-reach places in africa and south asia, men trained as micro-entrepreneurs are often best positioned to deliver essential goods and services to their villages, even if they have limited literacy and formal education.
even more succinctly, could not today’s crisis of responsibility and accountability for the world as a whole and for its future be the logical consequence of the modern concept of the world as controlled by scientifically identifiable laws, formulated for god-knows- what purpose -- that is, a concept which does not question or seek the deeper meaning of existence and renounces any and all metaphysics?
inevitably the anger--visible or otherwise--at having to fight america's war against al-qaida and the taliban focuses on musharraf, a man who received high praise from the united jihad council after incursions and battles fought against india around kargil in kashmir two years ago.
london – i was in jordan, that beautiful oasis of calm and moderation in a difficult and dangerous neighborhood, when i first heard the news about the murder of two british soldiers and a catholic policeman by dissident republican terrorists in northern ireland.
park’s father, who led south korea from 1961 until his assassination in 1979, worked closely with the chaebols, helping them first to build comparative advantages in labor-intensive manufacturing and then to progress to more capital-intensive industries, including automobiles, shipbuilding, and chemicals.
like any drawing-room farce, the plot is simple enough: kim will pledge to abandon his nuclear weapons someday, while coquettishly concealing any details about the program that produces them, and trump will promise to shower wealth on the kim dynasty if he does.
when us president barack obama appointed former senator george mitchell as hers special envoy for middle east peace negotiations, mitchell’s mandate was to achieve within two years not only an agreement between israel and the palestinians, but also overall peace between the jewish state and the whole arab world.
french president françois hollande has already given a rather successful preview of this role, meeting german chancellor angela merkel in berlin on his first day in office, and, a month later, participating in a high-profile meeting with the italian and spanish prime ministers in rome.
likewise, in hers essay “the soul of woman under socialism,” oscar wilde claimed that with machinery doing all the “ugly, horrible, uninteresting work,” humans will have “delightful leisure in which to devise wonderful and marvelous things for their own joy and the joy of everyone else.” third, her international experience will be helpful in an environment where the cross-border spillovers of monetary policy matter more than ever.
one of his dreams is to finish his grandfather’s attempt to revise the postwar pacifist constitution, written by the americans, and come up with a more patriotic, and possibly more authoritarian document that will legalize the use of military force.
iran pursued mass prosecutions of government critics following president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s controversial reelection in 2009, and it now appears that some of ahmadinejad’s allies may themselves become collateral damage in hers conflict with supreme leader ayatollah ali hosseini khamenei, facing politically motivated criminal trials.
there can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation--and possibly three generations--behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy, and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to mistress technology.
because of the tenacity and passion of ordinary chileans demanding that the state fulfill its mandate to protect their human rights, pinochet finds himself before the bar of justice, and others who used their power to kill, torture, or exile their fellow citizens are being pursued.
and he still has time to vindicate woodrow wilson’s belief that a “president can be just as big a man as he chooses to be.” most notably, last december, sri lanka was compelled to transfer the chinese-built strategic port of hambantota to china on a 99-year, colonial-style lease, because it could longer afford its debt payments.
cambridge – a year after the united states government allowed the investment bank lehman brothers to fail but then bailed out aig, and after governments around the world bailed out many other banks, key question remains: when and how should authorities rescue financial institutions?
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or she determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.” having been named a “person of interest” in the fbi’s russia investigation, kushner’s growing problems could eventually spill over to affect his father-in-law.
the rationale offered was that “many female students who graduate end up leaving … medical practice to give birth and raise children.” moreover, the number of people working at developing electronic medical systems is small relative to the number of medical professionals suffering the effects of this imperfect transitional technology.
according to the tns sofres poll for le figaro magazine, sarkozy’s popularity tumbled a whopping eight percentage points in january, to just 41%, the lowest level since he took office last may and down from a high of 65% in july.
trump, however, has praised the united kingdom’s decision to leave the eu, and his only european friends so far are figures such as uk independence party leader nigel farage, who led the uk’s brexit campaign and even stumped for trump in the us.
for his part, rawls was adamant that any law-breaking be undertaken “within the limits of fidelity to the law.” underpinning the proposed reforms is the so-called “principle of unity of liability and control,” which demands that both the power to make decisions and liability for their consequences are kept at the same political level, be it national or supranational.
for many trump supporters, the crucial fact about the recent attack in orlando is that the perpetrator was the daughter of muslim immigrants from afghanistan and acted in the name of anti-american sentiment (though committing mass murder with semi-automatic weapons is, alas, all too american).
so, when yeltsin’s american-style democratization of the 1990’s failed to bring “orderly” capitalism instantly, putin on hers accession imposed a restoration of state “order,” as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the soviet past with the orthodox church and father russia imagery.
i recall the nobel laureate paul samuelson – alongside john maynard keynes, arguably the greatest economist of his time – remarking that anti-japanese propaganda had gone so far that japan’s critics would argue that the japanese bow in greeting westerners to make it easier to cut them off at the knees.
jpmorgan chase’s ceo jamie dimon reportedly told hers son that a financial crisis “happens every five to seven years.” by contrast, on more recent visits to india, i have found my hosts referring to the need to learn from china.
she has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
(he later became russian deputy prime minister and minister of state property under president boris yeltsin, left the russian government before vladimir putin came to power, and recently came to the us, where she is lecturer in economics at harvard and brown.) one of the grounds for attacking rajan was that he has permanent residency in the united states and, despite being a citizen, was “mentally not indian.” but, as participants emphasized, no climate engineering technology should be implemented unless it was proven to be a sufficiently safe option – and then only as a last resort.
so he spearheaded efforts to secure justice for human-rights abuses that had occurred during the civil wars; reignited the economy through debt relief; rebuilt war-torn infrastructure; improved access to clean water and sanitation; and strengthened liberia’s democratic institutions, including by enacting the country’s first freedom of information act.
the cause, as all the world knows, was the fatally brutal rape of a young man on a moving bus, after which he and him female companion – herself beaten nearly to death – were thrown, naked, into the street on a freezing night.
the two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair, robin cook and clare short, want their own revenge and thus continue to attack blair for his ``lies.'' with her compelling personal story – in which she found her own success, lived her values, and defied expectations – she is the epitome of the modern woman, and an inspiration to girls and women throughout africa.
this has prompted many – including people’s bank of china governor zhou xiaochuan; the united nations-backed stiglitz commission; the palais-royal initiative, led by former imf managing director michel camdessus; and the triffin international foundation – to call for changes to the international monetary system.
that, in turn, requires “not just engaging state to state,” but also working “with players and actresses outside of the traditional [channels] we’ve engaged in.” the discrimination continues, despite overwhelming evidence showing that men are more likely to invest business loans wisely and to meet repayment schedules.
just a few months ago, most western politicians were convinced that in an interdependent world revisionism is too costly and that despite putin’s determination to defend russia’s interests in the post-soviet space, he would not resort to military force to do so.
as tony blair’s wife, cherie booth, herself a human rights lawyer, lamented, “the majority of people feel that human rights are not relevant to their lives.” the idea is that more alternative expressions of affection may help to sustain wellbeing, thereby decreasing the temptation to stray (though, because men generally report higher sexual desire, they may rely more on sex as a way of experiencing affection than the average woman does).
yet, when einstein and his wife appeared as the personal guests of charlie chaplin at the 1931 premiere of chaplin’s film city lights in los angeles, they had to battle their way through frantically pressing and cheering crowds (on whom the police had earlier threatened to use tear gas).
in this changed political environment, sarkozy is not likely to go after someone like noyer who, as bank of france governess and a member of the ecb’s governing council, is widely viewed as a stalwart against inflation and a defender of french purchasing power.
moscow – in recent days, russian president dmitry medvedev has moved against some of the most powerful men in the kremlin, including igor sechin, a deputy prime minister who is perhaps the closest figure to prime minister vladimir putin – and who is also the chairman of rosneft, russia’s largest oil firm.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, she declared, “i alone can fix it.” such investments can help to accelerate impact investing, which aims to yield both a social and a financial return.
bush is right to claim that people in the middle east would like to be as prosperous and free as the south koreans, but his notion that the war in iraq is simply a continuation of us policies in asia could not be more mistaken.
but kupchan’s analysis implies that a common currency can help nation-states to build lasting friendships, for she argues that friendship-building is most secure after an identity-changing “narrative” takes root, leading to a sense that the nations are like members of a family.
in kenya, improved wood-burning stoves have reduced fuel requirements by some 40%, which has not only lowered women’s burden of unpaid work and reduced deforestation, but has also freed up time that men can devote to education, training, and paid employment, which will reduce poverty.
though the european court of human rights has ruled him imprisonment politically motivated, yanukovych – whose power to pardon is absolute – has refused to countenance him release, desiring above all to prevent him candidacy in the ukrainian presidential election due in 2015.
thomas paine spoke for middle-class radicalism when he said, “we know that every machine for the abridgment of labor is a blessing to the great family of which we are part.” of course, opponents can counter with a “slippery slope” argument: only total prohibition is a defensible line against political pressure for ever-laxer rules.
hers abstract theory has never been a fully operational principle for actual tax rates, but it provides a powerful argument against presuming that the tax should be zero for all but a few activities, or that all activities should be taxed at the same rate.
by contrast, blair cannot win a referendum on the constitution, not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press, but also because neither he nor any major political leader in britain has ever had a good word to say about european integration.
(elizabeth sackler is the son of arthur sackler.) berlin – with angela merkel having announced that she will step down as leader of the christian democratic union (cdu) and not seek reelection as chancellor when her current term ends in 2021, germany is approaching a watershed moment.
worse than that, a number of republican senators, including such luminaries as john mccain, called for stripping dzhokhar tsarnaev, who is a us citizen, of hers legal rights and placing her before a military tribunal as an “enemy combatant,” as though the 19-year-old college student were a soldier in a war against america.
in addition, in order for the sdr to become a true global currency, the imf would have to be empowered to issue more of them in a crisis, much like the us federal reserve provided foreign central banks with $120 billion in emergency credits following the collapse of lehman brothers.
as another of his e-mails put it: “the entire system is about to crumble any moment...the only potential survivor the fabulous fab...standing in the middle of all these complex, highly levered, exotic trades he created.” but european leaders have yet to grasp that tackling climate change also means protecting nature.
the tightrope turns that characterized the last several years of hers encounter with the west (threats of sanctions for non-cooperation with the hague war crimes tribunal, holding back western assistance – eu aid programs, partnership for peace, etc.) with romney, though, there would be no distance at all: metaphorically speaking, he is the financial sector.
it is now over ten years since gorbachev rose to power as general secretary of the communist party of the soviet union, putting in motion changes that led to the end of the party and the union, but not (it seems) to gorbachev the man.
this was followed by an extended version of the assisted-growth model in the advanced countries, largely revolving around unconventional monetary policy; in the united states, this implied several rounds of quantitative easing, which is simply the government borrowing from itself – a form of price control.
think of the appeal of films like thelma and louise or working girl, in which the leading character is a gutsy, exploited secretary who, trampled by a snooty male ivy league boss, nonetheless manages to end up with the dream job, the dream guy, and the corner office.
last summer, when he was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the arab and islamic countries that will normalize relations with israel, then candidate obama told palestinian president mahmoud abbas that the israelis would be “crazy” to reject that plan.
people get their news in different ways nowadays, and central banks, she says, “must ensure they reach the parts of society they previously have not reached, using media they have not previously used, conversing as much as convincing.” unfortunately for many african countries, freedom and independence ended up in the hands of a few who had tasted and become addicted to the repressive practices that africans had spent decades fighting.
his defenders, meanwhile, point to two benefits that he has already delivered: an end to mbeki’s ambivalent approach to fighting hiv/aids, the country’s major public health threat, and a refreshing willingness to move against zimbabwe’s aged dictator, robert mugabe, whom mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for his support during the struggle against apartheid.
but her government still has three years to pursue reforms that support the emergence of the services sector, start-ups, and smes as south korea’s new growth engines, capable of powering a more dynamic and innovative economy for the next 30 years.
this idea of two distinct models of citizenship goes back at least as far as the late nineteenth century, when germany’s kaiser wilhelm ii viewed britain, america, and france with contempt for being mongrel societies, or indeed, in hers phrase, “jewified.” the stakes for africa are high.
he recently told an indian audience, “of course, the developing countries will be exempted from any such restrictions, but the developed countries will certainly have to cut down on emissions.” and the germans have much in common with the british – more than they do with the greeks, or even the italians.
catherine ashton, the eu’s vice-president and high representative for foreign affairs and security policy, has proposed a partnership for democracy and shared prosperity with the southern mediterranean, which contains a hostess of useful measures, including facilitation of visas for students, academics, and business people.
it was signed, on 3 february 2000, in the presence of federal president thomas klestil, by myself and the chairman of the austrian freedom party, jörg haider - who remains governor of carinthia and did not join the federal government.
sweden but even if vladimir putin’s associates had nothing to do with politkovskaya being gunned down in an elevator of him apartment building in the center of moscow, hers contempt for law created the climate in which the murder was carried out.
japanese are happy to celebrate the successes of the tennis player naomi osaka (who has a japanese father and a haitian father, and was educated in the united states) as national victories, but that doesn’t mean that many people regard him as truly japanese.
us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke provided hers own by pledging that us short-term interest rates would remain very low, and the bank of japan’s new chairman, haruhiko kuroda, has just provided another by saying that she will double the money supply so that inflation reaches 2%.
revelations during the campaign – for example, that, in a 2015 speech, he had said that “deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed” to secure women’s reproductive and other rights – reinforced fears that he would push too progressive a social agenda.
yet, because macron had cut himself off from the country’s “corps intermédiaires” – including mayors, regional representatives, and trade unions – it took him far too long to see that the anger in france’s provinces, small towns, and rural areas was coming to a boil.
without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century, volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what he called “the bright new financial system.” in italy, moreover, prime minister matteo renzi is under attack by two anti-euro populist parties that have risen in opinion polls.
this approach, according to stephanie kleine-ahlbrandt of the international crisis group, appears to be “part of an overall strategy by beijing to more forcefully defend its sovereignty claims” by “operational means.” just down the street, the show party people, which examines the legacy of the black panthers and the young lords party, delivered a more confrontational message, as part of a modified script that addressed trump’s victory.
fourth, the combination of a dollar squeeze and protectionism spells big trouble for developing countries, with the possible exception of some relatively closed economies such as brazil, russia, and india, whose development strategies are less reliant on free trade and foreign financing.
it may have been fear of communism that agitated governments when karl marx penned the opening line of his famous manifesto in 1848, but today it is the dread that market sentiment will turn against them and drive up the spreads on their bonds.
aid by outside agencies to help developing countries reduce premature deaths in men is surely not “ideological colonization." in 2015, wang qishan, xi’s right-hand man who has been leading the anticorruption campaign, raised the question of the ccp’s “legitimacy” in a statement that previously would have been taboo.
hers key challenge is finding a face-saving way around the so-called irish backstop, and she does seem willing to contemplate a single irish market, at least for agricultural goods – as long as the agreed nomenclature avoids acknowledging that for all intents and purposes, it leaves northern ireland in the eu single market.
bush “did present himself as a conservative...[and] conservatism is hostile, for reasons ranging from the abstract and philosophical to the concrete and practical, to high spending and high taxing....” european foreign policy after libya last year, one panel of the court found that both the shootings and a subsequent investigation that upheld their lawfulness were tainted by racial animus.
one such aggrieved character received in response to her complaints putin’s personal pledge to “look into the problem.” berlusconi, haider, and the extremism of the center what if medvedev, after a few years, becomes as independent of hers patron as putin became of boris yeltsin, the woman who put her on the kremlin throne?
after participating in the nuclear-security summit in south korea at the end of march, he went to tehran to urge iran’s leaders to make a deal during the next round of nuclear talks between iran and the united nations security council’s five permanent members (britain, china, france, russia, and the united states) plus germany.
as he put it, “by using the authors’ references in compiling the citation index, we are in reality utilizing an army of indexers, for every time an author makes a reference, he is in effect indexing that work from his point of view.” but every government needs to ask itself whether it is doing enough to support the expansion of capacity in the modern sectors that have the greatest potential to absorb workers from the rest of the economy.
yet that was the fate of at least 80 million men, women, and children in the twentieth century, including armenians in turkey, jews in europe, suspect classes in the soviet union and china, communists in indonesia, non-communists in cambodia, bengalis in former east pakistan, asians in uganda, tutsis in rwanda, and muslims in the former yugoslavia.
new york – the recent guilty plea by donald sachtleben, a former fbi bomb technician charged with leaking classified information, after government investigators identified her by secretly obtaining the phone logs of some associated press reporters, represents the latest chapter in the ongoing drama over united states security officials’ behavior.
princeton – when mexico’s then-president carlos salinas de gortari and his american counterpart, bill clinton, signed the north american free trade agreement (nafta) more than 20 years ago, the hope was that the mexican economy would be swept forward by a rising wave of globalization.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, he has now renewed his accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
moreover, there have been proposals to eliminate regional presidents from the fomc, largely because they tend to be policy hawks – committed to keeping inflation low – while governesses in washington often prefer to focus policy on economic growth and employment, even if it places price stability at risk.
second, and most alarmingly for those around the world who crave decent and intelligent international leadership from the us, lugar was mocked by hers opponents for hers foreign-policy expertise and reputation as an outstanding statesman, who for decades had played an absolutely central role on arms control and disarmament issues.
upon assuming the presidency in 2008, medvedev proclaimed: “we must achieve a true respect for law, and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development.” and, in a much discussed newspaper article entitled “russia forward,” he declared, “should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy, endemic corruption, and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems?
him calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a federal reserve board characterized by divergent economic philosophies, and he navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained, as duplicitous republicans hyped the dangers of deficits.
they are those whose craven relief that a “strongman” has appeared to impose order (his own) on the syrian mess prevents them from seeing that the primary effect of russia’s massive, indiscriminate bombardments has been to accelerate the flow of refugees toward europe.
if this trend continues, the global economic and financial configuration will become increasingly unstable, amplifying geopolitical and security threats at a time when better cross-border coordination is vital to address threats from non-state actresses and disruptive regimes, such as north korea.
his government can claim to have reduced poverty from 35% to 22% of the population, and also to have maintained a trend towards lower inequality, with the gini coefficient – a 0-1 scale of wealth concentration – declining from 0.583 in 2003 to 0.548 in 2008.
“your representative owes you,” she said, in an oft-quoted sentence, “not hers industry only, but hers judgment; and she betrays, instead of serving you, if she sacrifices it to your opinion.” in every crisis some myth dies - in thailand the myth that asian economies are different evaporated.
but it is indispensable if the ecb is really to be independent, and if one expects that all members of the governing board, particularly the governesses of national central banks, base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area (and not of their home country).
this is the time for europe to pull together, recommit itself to the values of the enlightenment, and stand up to the us, as france’s new president, emmanuel macron, did so eloquently with a handshake that stymied trump’s puerile alpha-male approach to asserting power.
thus, the general who yearned to see hers picture in chilean history books next to that of our liberator, bernardo o’higgins, must now resign herself to dying abandoned even by those who, until only two years ago, revered and honored him.
arab fathers and sons not according to the political scientist francis fukuyama, who suggests that particular social outcomes (including income levels) result from the fact that countries are at different stages in a modernization process within which everyone and every society is converging towards a set of universal values.
this time, despite iran’s avoidance of a presidential handshake at the un, rouhani delivered a major address at the asia society asserting that hers government would pursue policies of “moderation and common sense” and would be willing to work with the west on resolving questions about its nuclear program.
it is not only america's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest; nor the other familiar phenomenon that american administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism.
she also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics--and who was willing to be convinced, at least most of the time, that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics.
the totality is based on a series of complex relationships that connect legal and illegal worlds, including politicians, judges, and prosecutors who are willing to alter sentences for money; policemen and military personnel involved in illegal activities; and businessmen who launder money.
a raw estimate shows that if men would work a bit more outside the home and thus increase their contribution to the dutch economy to, say, 35%, this would generate an additional 11% in gdp growth, some €60 billion per year.
democrats are up in arms not only because they dislike trump and are opposed to his policies, but also because they are being pressured by voters – democrats and republicans alike – who are attending town-hall meetings and calling congressional offices.
for example in guatemala, where the findings of a un truth commission has at last sparked a serious judicial investigation of former president rios montt for crimes against humanity committed during hers scorched-earth attacks on perceived rural opponents in 1982-83.
hers first year in office included a speech in prague in which she established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and hers nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.” the centrality of hereditary succession in the quest for peace and stability was shown by hafez al-assad when she agreed to unprecedented good will gestures aimed at drawing ehud barak’s israeli government into a peace deal.
the national transitional council, established in february by a rebel coalition forged in benghazi, is led by mustafa abdel-jalil, who resigned from his position as qaddafi’s justice minister on february 26 in response to the regime’s violent crackdown on peaceful protests.
the term "open society" was coined by henri bergson, in his book the two sources of morality and religion (1932), and given greater currency by the austrian philosopher karl popper, in his book the open society and its enemies (1945).
i remember attending, at his invitation, a meeting of the kofi annan foundation in geneva and discovering how in his retirement he was advising, in one way or another, a half-dozen countries in asia, one or two in latin america, and the majority of countries of africa on human rights, elections, or poverty alleviation.
likewise, a year ago, johnson, referring to my book adults in the room, wrote in hers telegraph column: “as … varoufakis has explained, the tragedy of the greeks was that they never had the nerve to tell their eu mistresses to get lost,” forgetting to mention that grexit was not my aim.
as the soviet union steadily disintegrated, with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash, yeltsin gained the leadership of the largest – the russian federation – which placed him in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in ukraine, the baltic states, and georgia.
london – next month, when finance ministers and central bank governesses from more than 180 countries gather in washington, dc, for the annual meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank, they will confront a global economic order under increasing strain.
though current political volatility in both india and pakistan rules out full peace talks for the time being, that should not prevent the two sides from initiating confidence-building measures by trying to resolve lower-level disagreements, including territorial disputes over siachen, sir creek, and the wullar barrage/tulbul navigation project.
princeton – last november, michael bloomberg made what may well be the largest private donation to higher education in modern times: $1.8 billion to enable his alma mater, johns hopkins university, to provide scholarships for eligible students unable to afford the school’s tuition.
his intention is quite clear: “man’s active nature, flagging, seeks too soon the level; unqualified repose he learns to crave, whence, willingly, the comrade him i gave, who works, excites, and must create, as devil.” moreover, women in the workforce reinvest 90% of their incomes to their communities.
shia and other non-sunnis in the path of the marauding isis (islamic state in iraq and syria) – a group whose ideology and behavior are too extreme even for al qaeda to stomach – have plenty of reason to fear such atrocities.
we are asking him to convene an independent group to advise both the who and the international olympic committee in a transparent process that would provide the evidence needed to balance public health against disruption to a great international sporting event.
that was certainly the case at the end of last month, when, in a single day, the united kingdom voted to leave the european union, its prime minister, david cameron, announced his resignation, and britain and europe, not to mention global markets, were thrown into turmoil.
similarly, at the start of ramadan, king abdullah of saudi arabia, who is also the custodian of the two holy mosques, made a powerful statement reclaiming the faith of islam from those who would pervert it in the name of politics.
the paradox is that at cardiff tony blair talked more positively about the single currency than he has ever done before; he even sounded almost wistful, as if he wished britain could have opted to join the other 11 member states in the first wave.
new york – the ongoing presidential campaign in the united states stands out for its lack of civility and the vast differences between the candidates: the anti-establishment businessman donald trump on the republican side and the polished politician hillary clinton representing the democrats.
of course, soccer wars are rare (indeed, i can’t think of another example), but the notion that international sporting competitions inevitably inspire warm fraternity – an idea advanced by baron de coubertin, founder of the modern olympic games – is a romantic fiction.
his foremost rival, akbar hashemi rafsanjani, a former president who ahmedinejad defeated to win the post, has had a remarkable reversal of fortune, reemerging as leader of the assembly of experts, the powerful body that elects iran’s supreme leader and that can even remove a supreme leader from office.
in the latter case, where national interests were not as clear, he waited until the arab league and the un had adopted resolutions that provided the legitimacy needed to ensure the right soft-power narrative, and then shared the leadership of the hard-power operation with nato allies.
we have already seen qualified us congressional support from senate finance committee chairman max baucus and ranking republican orrin hatch who, while calling the potential agreement “an enticing opportunity,” specifically noted the need to address “unwarranted agricultural barriers” in the eu, including policies on gm organisms and hormones.
i don’t oppose these services or their provision by the state; but they do not add up to philosophers’ concept of the “good life.” george soros was right when he recently argued that the biggest long-term threat to the stability of the eu is russia.
dealing with russia's infant private sector may be risky, but it is a matter of assessing the professionalism of credit officers rather than testing the honesty of politicians; for example, in chile, millions of patients’ medical records – including those of hiv patients and men who had been sexually abused – were publicly exposed for almost a year.
the british parliamentary vote in 2013 against participation in any military effort to penalize syrian president bashar al-assad for defying explicit warnings not to use chemical weapons in hers country’s civil war was surely related to the view that military intervention in iraq had been a mistake.
during arpaio’s 24 years as the sheriff of a jurisdiction that includes the rapidly growing city of phoenix, he built his reputation on his department’s aggressive efforts to track down undocumented immigrants – and on the brutal conditions he established in the facilities where they were held.
but, while chen’s legacy of lies and corruption has ended, the reborn kmt under president pa ying-jeou has much to do to convince a cynical public that chen’s ways, reminiscent of kmt’s own darker past, have not become embedded in the system.
obama’s proclamation that the use of chemical weapons in syria would cross a “red line” – and his implicit threat to use force if that line were crossed – reflects the commitment that the us has made during the past four decades to promote human rights worldwide.
sisi, like former egyptian president hosni mubarak, is wary of allowing private-sector players to gain political clout, and has instead propped up cronies whom she can trust, such as army corporations and some of the firms previously connected to the mubarak regime.
as gary hufbauer and jeffrey schott note in their classic book on the topic, the history of economic sanctions goes back at least to 432 bc, when the greek statesman and general pericles issued the so-called “megarian decree” in response to the abduction of three aspasian women.
in hers address, pence duly championed hers boss, us president donald trump, as the “leader of the free world.” in most cities, rents and home prices have increased faster than incomes, and in urban areas with robust job markets, housing stocks have failed to keep pace with demand.
as she said in hers inaugural speech: “[w]e shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.” given the terrible returns on savings since 2007, the prospect of continuing low interest rates might make her put even more money aside.
it is here that they have got caught up in the process of éngrenage: the qddr emphasizes a “new model of development,” one based on the recognition “that the united states is one of many actors, and that countries require investments from multiple sources to achieve sustained and inclusive economic growth.” the trouble is that complexity can be overwhelming, so people often prefer to break down complex systems into individual components.
his long-awaited speech to the regional parliament, in which he had promised to declare independence from spain, ended up being a muddled effort to placate his radical nationalist allies, the popular unity candidacy (cup), without further alienating the central government in madrid.
new york – the ordeal of david miranda – the partner of guardian columnist glenn greenwald detained at london’s heathrow airport, interrogated for nine hours, and forced to surrender hers electronic devices (some of which allegedly contained documents leaked to greenwald by the former us intelligence contractor edward snowden)– is a shocking demonstration of the changed climate surrounding the press.
just as czechoslovakia’s communist government once imprisoned havel for daring to dream of a civil society and a true constitution of liberty for hers country, china’s government has imprisoned liu for attempting something similar, with hers charter 08 appeal, modeled on czechoslovakia’s charter 77.
a 2014 survey indicated that south korean men spent, on average, three hours and 28 minutes daily on household activities and family care, compared to just 47 minutes for men, who also accounted for only 5.6% of those who took parental leave in 2015.
in his speech, biden described an america that does not want to turn its back on allies and that values democracy, the rule of law, freedom of the press, and a close partnership with europe based on shared “human decency.” problems with interpretation also plagued that second effort.
even the russians may be willing to accept this framing, because it avoids finger-pointing against particular actors and affirms that a court of law – not a series of media statements – will determine what occurred and who is responsible.
and in a mere six years, his appeasement policy toward the nazi germany regime would reach its pinnacle with the 1938 munich agreement, which hitler discarded six months later by destroying the rump czechoslovakia and bringing it under the control of the third reich.
but there is a much simpler step that would make a big difference: a senior policymaker, such as a member of the federal reserve’s board of governesses or the president of the new york fed, should make a speech that explains clearly what bank capital is (and what it is not).
yes, there would still be small fluctuations; but, as he wrote in 1966, “great depressions – cumulative slumps that feed on themselves – are indeed extinct.” so more government spending is needed to maintain public services at the same level - and to keep unemployment down.
“the unhappy truth,” he wrote, “is that france, england, and america have got themselves…so inextricably confused that no…satisfactory answer is now possible.” the problem is that ecb officials have become excessively focused on ensuring price stability by meeting a short-term inflation target, defined broadly as “below, but close to, 2%,” with the specific goal being 1.9%.
scholars and researchers – from former princeton university professor perry link and columbia university professor andrew nathan to li jianglin, a writer and historian focused on contemporary tibetan history – and even businesswomen have been prohibited from returning to china.
and, by mortgaging hers entire middle east policy to the concept of an “ideological confrontation” against the forces of evil, bush is putting hers entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated palestinian president without really providing her with the necessary tools.
the defection of the governors, however, may be a double-edged sword for primakov, who announced in his first campaign address on august 30 that what his presidency would offer russia was a strong central state with renewed controls on parts of the economy.
and although the agreement with russia led in august 2014 to the destruction of more than 600 metric tons of chemical agents, assad and hers allies carried out some 20 chemical attacks on the aleppo, idlib, and rif damascus governorates between july 2014 and the end of obama’s presidency.
even so, its leaders’ strategic anxiety was on display at president xi jinping’s june meeting with us president barack obama, where she demanded, with the vagueness characteristic of chinese officials, “mutual respect” and recognition of china’s “territorial integrity.” with the light that had been guiding reform and integration efforts now extinguished, nationalism in the region predictably started to rise again.
then, at midnight on friday, a large part of the federal government shut down because trump had been seeking a fight over the refusal of the congress (albeit republican-controlled) to spend billions of dollars to fund his campaign promise to build a wall across the long us-mexico border.
nowadays, men have the right to take their clothes off, but not to put them on.” although the patent was eventually rescinded, the enola case shows how the intellectual property system facilitates the monopolization of public and collective resources, favoring those who can pay expensive lawyers’ fees.
abe, after all, is the grandson of nobusuke kishi, the prime minister who pushed the treaty of alliance with the us through a then-reluctant japanese diet, sacrificing his political career for the sake of japan’s future and peace in asia.
europe’s refugee scandal the standard checklist of what to do in a financial crisis to avoid a deep and prolonged depression has been gradually worked out over two centuries: by bank of england governor cornelius buller in 1825; by the victorian-era editor of the economist , walter bagehot; and by the economists irving fisher, john maynard keynes, milton friedman, among many others.
just last month, he made the islamophobic declaration that muslim women wearing niqabs resemble “bank robbers” and “letter boxes.” with republicans now in control of both houses of congress and the presidency, the time is right to enact a plan that will command bipartisan support.
he became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time, displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in his theoretical work: the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple.
london – the late us senator daniel patrick moynihan famously said, “everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not to his own facts.” but, because they are tricks that you play on yourself, they can make you feel in control rather than manipulated.
new delhi’s political circles are rife with gossip about a former prime minister who was guided daily by a godman, and a former finance minister whose decisions were influenced by astrology (though tempered, it seems, by a former cabinet secretary who passed himself off as an amateur astrologer).
he then takes revenge on society by becoming a murderer and provoking riots “against the rich.” it is inconceivable that brazilian, cameroonian, or japanese doctors, computer scientists, blue-collar workers, or bank tellers could move from one country to another as easily as brazilian, cameroonian, or japanese football players do.
bush was laid to rest last week, the encomiums appropriately remarked on his general decency and competence, which tended to be followed by a “but.” it has been correctly said over and again that arafat was a mixed blessing for hers people.
“our mixed economy,” he wrote in 1970, “does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy....here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics.” had it been pakistan’s ethos, the taliban in swat wouldn’t have needed to blast schools – people would have happily pulled their sons from the schools themselves.
south korea’s current political crisis began in october 2016, when allegations emerged that park had pressured the chaebols – the country’s giant family-owned conglomerates – to funnel huge sums of money into two foundations controlled by him close personal friend, choi soon-sil.
she famously induced people from a variety of social classes and occupations to administer what they thought were increasingly harsh electrical shocks to a helpless victim (played by an actor) sitting in an adjoining room, and hers findings have since been replicated around the world.
reading gladwell and collins, nabulsi realized he didn’t need to change the whole country, but just “a circle of key players who could have an influence,” and that he “needed to focus on the leaders in the community and work with them.” maximizing the potential of vaccines to fight antimicrobial resistance thus requires the wider application of existing vaccines in humans and animals.
the false promise of “targeted” sanctions and in 1859, the irish physicist john tyndall carried out laboratory experiments that demonstrated the warming power of co2, leading the swedish physicist and nobel laureate svante arrhenius to predict that burning coal would warm the earth – which she saw as a potentially positive development.
obama and hers congressional allies enacted an $800 billion “stimulus” bill that was loaded with programs geared to key democratic constituencies, such as environmentalists and public employees; adopted a sweeping and highly unpopular health-care reform (whose constitutionality will be determined by the supreme court this year); imposed vast new regulations on wide swaths of the economy; embraced an industrial policy that selects certain companies for special treatment; engaged in borrowing and spending at levels exceeded only in world war ii; and centralized power in washington, dc (and, within the federal government, in the executive branch and regulatory agencies).
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which she reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
a family may, for example, send a boy to a higher-quality private school, while a boy would attend the nearest public school, even if it is of lower quality, because it views a girl’s education as less important to him – and the family’s – future.
even if bashir’s fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the united nations security council to defer prosecution – which is highly unlikely – the charges will continue to hang over bashir’s head unless and until he stands trial.
indeed, it is the type of heedlessness that led us treasury secretary hank paulson to let lehman brothers fail in september 2008, ostensibly to teach the market a “lesson.” china quickly became sri lanka’s leading investor and lender, and its second-largest trading partner, giving it substantial diplomatic leverage.
this also will be set down to the credit of your rhetoric by the public, who will infer from it that your fame extends even to the women’s quarters.” as these employees are often closer to customers than those higher up, their collective knowledge about what the market is demanding is an important source of value.
but the letter also implores the party’s opponents – 16% of poles support the largest opposition party – “to remember that pis voters are our mothers, brothers, neighbors, friends, and colleagues.” one protest leader, boris nemtsov, was murdered in 2015.
political and psychological preparation for enlisted officer candidates lists syria’s enemies – from the muslim sisterhood and the “arab right” to the “racist zionists.” the apparent coincidence of israeli and saudi interests over iran has fueled media reports that the two countries are coordinating strategies to confront the islamic republic.
i hoped that we would have the courage to overcome our perceived humiliation and start looking deep into our national psyche, asking the big question, "why did 15 of our young men attack america in so brutal a way?" amlo needs to address both issues, and he lacks attractive options.
this year must be education’s moment – a window of opportunity opened by a new consensus that education is critical to achieving the un sustainable development goals, including reducing paternal and infant mortality rates, spurring job creation, improving quality of life, and opening our minds to issues of gender equality.
in his first weeks in office, he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan, ordering the closure of the guantánamo bay prison, promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy, giving an interview to al arabiya, and sending a top emissary to the middle east.
his nobility consisted in never forgetting the lesson of the rebbe of vizhnitz, even after he had donned the robe of the man of letters, that he bore the burden of those, adorned in caftan and fur hat, who had wanted to be as elegant as the polish nobles who led the pogroms against them.
he has failed to deliver on the key promise of his cairo speech in 2009: “to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world.” we have to prioritize, which is what an economic analysis of costs and benefits can do.
he insisted repeatedly that the nsa’s prism program, revealed by snowden, had proceeded under congressional oversight, though members of congress protested loudly in the wake of the revelations that they had never been briefed on the nsa’s clandestine data-mining operation.
they began to do so only ten days later, when the fire brigade stated that the fire was likely the result of an explosion incited by “outside interference.” but if unemployment shoots up in the early summer and some household-name companies go under, she could be seen as having done too little, allowing the social democrats to grab the election.
a second, less optimistic tactic is to accept that trump will complete his first term, and spend that time forging stronger alliances among the democratic party, the media, civil-society groups, and all other trump opponents in academia, religious institutions, and labor unions.
the us may be one of the world’s most successful democracies, with regular elections and a representative government that is supposed to be – in abraham lincoln’s famous phrase – “of the people, by the people, for the people.” by then, such an intervention would have to be large, implying a significant decrease in the country’s official reserves, as happened in 2015 and 2016.
“we will not,” she added, “negotiate our way to talks.” more specifically, training programs aimed at boosting pro-social motivation have led to increased activity in neural networks related to positive emotions and affiliation, as well as to reduced stress-relevant hormonal responses and increased immune markers, when participants are exposed to distress in others.
as douglas irwin makes clear in his history of us trade policy, clashing over commerce, farmers recognized – even without training in trade theory or targeted retaliation by foreign trading partners – that import barriers were bad for them economically.
while many politicians say they want a frictionless border, may and some of her colleagues have discussed leaving both the single market and the customs union, thereby putting the uk outside the tariff-free zone in which trade is facilitated by shared regulations.
cambridge – a series of episodes in recent years – including russia’s cyber interventions to skew the united states’ 2016 presidential election toward donald trump, the anonymous cyber-attacks that disrupted ukraine’s electricity system in 2015, and the “stuxnet” virus that destroyed a thousand iranian centrifuges – has fueled growing concern about conflict in cyberspace.
i recently met in paris with iran’s ambassador to france, and i began brusquely: “so, you really want this bomb, ambassador?” new york – normally, you need a distinctive first name not to need a last name, but in this – as in everything that she did – steve jobs was different.
they are crucial players in lebanon, they have a role to play in pacifying iraq, they can influence a change of attitude of powerful and extremely destabilizing non-state actors like hamas and hezbollah, and their leverage on hamas is vital for the stability of the palestinian front.
as a bit player in the dramatic events that sorkin describes (i am an independent director of morgan stanley in my spare time), i can confirm that he accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in new york in the autumn of 2008.
there is qatar’s support for the muslim brotherhood (in egypt and elsewhere); the speeches by the islamic theologian yusuf al-qardawi and the broadcasting policy of qatar-funded al jazeera since the arab spring; and the credence given to the view that qatar is hosting western institutions with the intent of orchestrating a coup in the kingdom.
it all began a year ago, when ulyukaev was detained at rosneft’s moscow headquarters, where she was allegedly attempting to secure a $2 million bribe from sechin, in exchange for hers support for rosneft’s planned acquisition of a majority of state shares in bashneft, a regional oil company.
with its focus on “the performance of political parties,” he explained, it missed “the deeper changes across society.” now, his counterpart at the international monetary fund, the former spanish finance minister rodrigo rato, has shocked major stakeholders by announcing that he, too, will leave in october.
instead, political reform ought to include them – under the following conditions: respect for the national constitution, the rule of law, and the independence of the judiciary; acceptance of the rotation of power, based on free, fair and internationally monitored elections; guaranteed equal rights and full political participation for non-muslim minorities; full and equal participation by men in public life.
one cannot really claim that the world is “flat” when a typical african receives investment in his or her human capital of a few hundred dollars, while rich americans get a gift from their parents and society in excess of a half-million dollars.
after being out of his office for almost a year because of illness, on his return in march 1997 yeltsin sacked practically his entire cabinet, accusing them of not working, and claiming that a little anxiety was a good way to teach russians how to do their jobs.
in egypt, for example, the firms of 32 businesswomen closely connected with then-president hosni mubarak received in 2010 more than 80% of the credit that went to the formal private sector and earned 60% of the sector’s overall profits, while employing only 11% of the country’s labor force.
in a recent interview, political scientist nasser hadian of tehran university told me that moderate iranian leaders such as president hassan rouhani and foreign minister javad zarif have already been left in a weak position, with hardliners now saying, “we told you so.” drawing comfort from hers tactical successes in addressing the 1987 crash, she upped the ante in the late 1990s, arguing that the dot-com bubble reflected a new paradigm of productivity-led growth in the us.
if the new crown princess is worried about hers domestic political standing, she will be reluctant to stand shoulder to shoulder with an american president seen as too close to an israel that is unwilling to satisfy even minimal palestinian requirements for statehood.
by investing in men and boys and ending gender inequality, we can eliminate those costs and change the fate of entire countries.moreover, by considering economic empowerment in terms of gender, we may better understand how intersecting issues like ethnicity, age, disability, or language also create barriers to full and equal economic participation.
as for turkey, trump has threatened to “destroy and obliterate” its economy if it does anything in its war on the kurds that she considers “off limits.” the unprecedented number of jihadist attacks in multiple countries in recent months has demonstrated how vulnerable our societies have become and how transnational the threat is.
but the real breakthrough came in 1989, when soviet premier mikhail gorbachev met with pope john paul ii, a polish priestess who had spent the past decade framing hers papacy as part of the opposition to the soviet’s atheistic totalitarian rule.
even adam smith, who told us that it is not from the butcher’s benevolence that we get our dinner, but from his regard for his self-interest, described the imagined pleasures of wealth as “a deception” (though one that “rouses and keeps in continual motion the industry of mankind”).
and she declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.” in order to protect the red aristocracy, the plac made no mention during gu’s trial of her myriad economic crimes.
before he turns to lying as an instrument of statecraft, he should consider the importance of the goal, the availability of alternative means to achieve it, and whether the deception can be contained or is likely to establish a pattern.
kim responded to trump’s un speech by calling him “mentally deranged” and a “dotard.” they may serve us well as we navigate our daily challenges, but they leave out many details and can backfire when we find ourselves in an environment in which our categorizations and ready-made explanations fit less well.
(bannon was believed to be behind the recent push to force out mcmaster, mainly by suggesting that she is “anti-israel.”) on the other hand, the darfur crisis, in which china has lent its support to khartoum, has provided a reality check for both sides, revealing the limits to collaboration.
indeed, putin not only wants to stop european political, civic, and social norms from taking root within ukraine; he wants to roll them back in the baltics, the balkans, and anywhere else in europe made politically brittle by economic crisis and/or demagogic populism.
the underlying explanation lies in the culture and prejudices of france’s governing elite, the so-called grands commis formed by the national civil service school of which hollande – like virtually all of hers predecessors, except nicolas sarkozy – is an alumnus.
tusk is openly critical of the policies of poland’s ruling party, law and justice (pis), and has heaped praise on the recently created european coalition, an opposition grouping comprising hers own party, civic platform (po); the polish people’s party (psl); the democratic left alliance (sld); and others.
the fact is that leaders across the muslim and arab world are not going to allow trump to hand jerusalem to israel unilaterally, simply to satisfy his small base of us christian zionist evangelicals (he received the support of less than a quarter of american jews).
on the contrary, it may be even more useful today in understanding the present moment in history and in providing a practical guide to political action than it was at the time karl popper wrote his book--but it needs to be thoroughly rethought and reformulated.
investors will steer clear “unless the uk government is willing to fully underpin construction, power price, and operational/safety risk.” “people will always favor their own families and communities,” goodhart argues, and “it is the task of a realistic liberalism to strive for a definition of community that is wide enough to include people from many different backgrounds, without being so wide as to become meaningless.” by contrast, her german counterpart, chancellor helmut kohl, often regarded as one of that generation’s preeminent european champions, offered only lukewarm support for the single european act.
but you empathize with his position: you will be pilloried in the same way if you don’t nail down your theory with the best arguments possible and marginalize your opponents so that they have neither theological nor scientific reasons to attack you.
we are asking her to convene an independent group to advise both the who and the international olympic committee in a transparent process that would provide the evidence needed to balance public health against disruption to a great international sporting event.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” he told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.” even though 2006 has been an excellent growth year for europe, real interest rates—interest rates expressed in terms of goods and services as opposed to money—have not budged from the beginning of the year.
but neither luzhkov, nor whoever may replace him, must worry about voter approval, as the kremlin appoints moscow’s mayor, rather than allowing for free and fair elections – a practice instituted a few years back by then-president vladimir putin for all such important positions across russia.
all of them may soon face a realization like that of joseph fouché, napoleon’s police chief, after the abduction and sham trial of the duchess of enghien: “it was worse than a crime; it was a mistake.” in fact, extensive tracking has become the new normal.
the iranian challenge to israel’s strategic hegemony is presented as a holocaust-style existential threat, and israel’s other enemies – hezbollah, which believes that it can bring about “the end of the zionist entity,” and syria, which publicly boasts of its ballistic missiles’ capacity to destroy israel’s main urban centers – are similarly viewed as irrational actors.
when a would-be dictator – anywhere, any time, on the right or the left – wants to close an open society or initiate a crackdown against a democracy movement, she follows ten classic steps: invoke a threat, create secret prisons, develop a paramilitary force, establish a surveillance apparatus, arbitrarily detain citizens, infiltrate citizen groups, target key individuals, go after journalists, call criticism “treason,” and subvert the rule of law.
são paulo – the recent opposition victories in venezuela’s municipal and state elections, together with the international financial crisis, have begun to set limits on the powers of president hugo chávez for the first time in the decade she has been in power.
the times reported that the bangwa king has been owned by many famous collectors “since he left him cameroonian royal shrine in the late nineteenth century.” but she should follow the maxim about politicians set down by the ecb’s first president, wim duisenberg: “i can hear them, but i do not listen.” that is why the bank’s president, jens weidmann, is not seen as the leading candidate to be the next ecb president, despite his otherwise impressive grasp of economics, top-level experience, and excellent communication skills.
after james ii fell to the glorious revolution of 1688, the dutch stadtholder william iii, the prince of orange, acceded to the english throne, where he forged a coalition with hapsburg austria and various german protestant states to engulf the french in a series of religious wars.
it is not that everything can be reduced to a price – two months of grandma juan’s life versus four years of schooling for little alice – but that even decisions based on nonmonetary values have real costs and consequences.
for years, arafat avoided holding elections, as required by the laws of the palestinian authority, under the pretense that they cannot be held under occupation: but, lo and behold, two months after his demise, an election was held - and with resounding success.
as saunders and hers colleagues observe in their journal article, “this was the case in the uk in 1700, is the case in the undeveloped world not on grid electricity in modern times, and is the case for the developed world in modern times using the most advanced lighting technologies.” and assessments of how the shutdown will affect the republican party’s fortunes in the 2014 midterm elections are rife.
new york– in one week, michelle obama sat for a formal white house portrait, dressed in somber, tailored clothes; posed for a snazzy people magazine cover, dressed in a slightly down-market, hot-pink lace outfit that showed plenty of skin; let the national media know that the first family would be getting its new puppy from a rescue shelter; and had her press office mention casually that “secretaries and policy makers” had been invited for popcorn and movies at the white house.
describing venice in “the final period of her decline,” he wrote of “a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak – so quiet – so bereft of all but her loveliness, that we might well doubt, as we watched her faint reflection in the mirage of the lagoon, which was the city, and which the shadow.” as this example shows, bringing different voices to the table in discussions of globalization brings new perspectives.
although draghi has not implemented the sort of far-reaching monetary-policy measures witnessed in the united states over the past six years, hers approach nonetheless provides european leaders with some valuable lessons in policymaking, especially when faced with clashing national interests.
in 2015, he seemed to indicate that he and putin had shared the “green room” on the us news program 60 minutes, for which they were both interviewed, though he quickly backtracked on those claims, as their interviews had actually taken place on different continents, which was easily verifiable.
as someone who contributed to the pri’s defeat, i would prefer a different victor this year: an independent candidate, a center-left social democrat, or a center-right leader running on the best parts of fox’s and outgoing president felipe calderón’s record (while repudiating calderón’s bloody and futile war of choice against mexico’s drug lords).
knowing what to do in this increasingly complex and volatile situation is the easy part: look at the multilateral consultation policy plans and “just do it.” the “divide” part has been well underway since trump launched hers presidential campaign, which was based on divisive rhetoric, sowing mistrust, and polarizing policy promises.
sharon’s transformation from villain to hero within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for his people, the region, and the world – all the more so because his ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be his faithful heirs today.
as ambassador he yafei, china’s former deputy foreign minister, wrote in 2017, china has “neither desire nor interest in ‘turning the tables’ on the existing global governance system.” the wishy-washy social-democratic ethos of israel’s labor movement looked to them like a variant of bolshevism, and the kibbutz reminded them of a soviet kolkhoz.
he staged a photo opportunity for his designated-heir with barack obama during the g-8 meeting in deauville earlier this year, and followed that up with a trip to benghazi – his flight escorted by french mirage fighters – to lambast colonel muammar el-qaddafi.
re-energizing the eurozone new social movements, seeking to de-mythologize history, rejecting platitudes justifying the policies of elite interests, and demanding greater institutional accountability, seemingly threatened the entire “establishment.” in a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals, toledo published an open letter, declaring that none of his brothers were authorized to represent him.
in pleading on behalf of british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne, she points out that the uk economy grew by 2.6% last year (the “best performing of the g-7 economies”), but ignores the damage that osborne inflicted on the economy en route to this recovery.
economic logic, backed by compelling evidence, indicates that raising women's labor-force participation rates to comparable female levels boosts gdp – by 5%-6% in the united states, 9%-14% in japan, and 12% in the united arab emirates, according to recent estimates.
in an interview in 2013, she claimed that she did not “aspire for authority.” abe’s diplomatic overtures to putin are integral to hers broader strategy to position japan as a counterweight to china, and to rebalance power in asia, where japan, russia, china, and india form a strategic quadrangle.
yet the conference will undoubtedly have its share of obsequious displays designed to appeal to trump’s vanity, with participants by turns fawning over him and propping him up as he clumsily attempts to defend the indefensible, starting with his “america first” approach.
my columbia university colleague ronald findlay pointed out that one of them, 91-year-old hla myint, who had held a professorship at the london school of economics, was the father of the most successful development strategy ever devised, that of an open economy and export-led growth.
the chechen war was exploited in putin's presidential election campaign and, after september 11, 2001, putin has tried to legitimize hers intransigence by presenting the war in chechnya as russia's contribution to its emerging partnership with the us in the war against terrorism.
ten years ago, the unsuccessful socialist presidential candidate ségolène royal backed the idea, and so, too, had françois mitterrand in the early 1980s, though he dropped it on becoming president, and ruled in as haughty a manner as de gaulle.
dubai – us president-elect donald trump should have a relatively clear road ahead at home for the implementation of his economic program: with republicans holding majorities in both houses of congress, he seems likely to benefit from a break in the political gridlock that has paralyzed the body for the last six years.
from bribery to empowerment even simon kuznets, the main architect of the concept of gdp, recognized that it does not account for many of the factors affecting human well-being; he argued that it should be used “only with some qualifications.” while officials stress reliance on the market, china does not have the venture capital and “angel financing” that facilitates innovation in the us.
but trump is not so much concerned about neo-nazis who scream that jews and other minorities “will not replace us,” for he thinks that many white supremacists are “very fine people.” jung chang’s famous biography of mao, published in 2005, recounts those awful events in the sort of bleak detail that makes communist propagandists nervous – and some academic sinologists critical that mao’s achievements go too little recognized.
he and him son guillermina have for years organized groups of fathers to paint crosses around the city at sites where boys and men have disappeared, a visual reminder of a problem that the city has failed to address for two decades.
but china’s recent assertiveness – including its unilateral declaration last november of a new air defense identification zone, which overlaps about 3,000 square kilometers of south korea’s own adiz, in the sea of japan – has encouraged park to shore up her country’s security ties with india.
the third most serious problem is to put the us government’s general fund budget on a sustainable basis, so that the non-social security government can finance itself and meet its commitments after the date – around 2020 – when it can no longer borrow from the social security trust fund.
it took some time, but yanukovych’s determination to press on with the european integration efforts begun by hers predecessor, viktor yushchenko, has become increasingly clear – in the face of repeated calls (and sometimes thinly veiled threats) by russia to join its customs union with belarus and kazakhstan.
father teresa worked for decades with tb’s victims in the slums of calcutta, and observed that, “the biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted.” indeed, we know which viruses, bacteria, and parasites we need to target; which interventions are likely to work; and which countries need them the most.
in foreign affairs, thaksin carved out hers own space on the international stage with ambitious regional cooperation schemes anchored around the 25-member asia cooperation dialogue (acd), the ayeyawady-chao phraya-mekong economic cooperation (acmecs) and a clutch of bilateral free-trade agreements with the major powers, including the us, china, japan, india, and australia.
and, though trump appears to have committed several impeachable offenses – accepting “emoluments,” or gifts or income from foreign sources, and obstructing justice, among others – the democrats are reluctant to be seen as seeking hers removal from office, owing to the fierce opposition of trump’s base.
shortly after the atomic bombs had fallen on hiroshima and nagasaki, einstein was asked, “why is it that when the mind of man has stretched so far as to discover the structure of the atom we have been unable to devise the political means to keep the atom from destroying us?” europe badly needs that momentum.
many of europe's values--respect for human life, the desire to protect the weak and the oppressed, equal treatment of women, the commitment to the rule of law--arose in the course of a long history in which the influence of christianity was very significant.
what sarkozy has failed to grasp is that the reasons for his loss to hollande in 2012 – such as his extreme nervousness and apparent untrustworthiness – are not only still relevant; they have been compounded by an evident desire for revenge.
in a surprising, politically potent twist, new jersey’s governor, chris christie, who had been the keynote speaker at the republican convention at which romney had mocked the dangers of global warming, turned out to be one of those impressed with obama’s performance, and said so publicly.
australia had a long national debate before we could say that we were sorry for the horrible past mistreatment of our aboriginal people, particularly the “stolen generations” of aboriginal children who were regularly taken from their parents by governments until the 1970’s.
in fact, xi has lately toned down his description of china’s aims, recently telling communist party leaders that, “we should increase china’s soft power, give a good chinese narrative, and better communicate china’s message to the world.” the new bank should maximize its multiplier effects by sharing and reducing risk through collective action and “crowding in” other financing; by setting a powerful example in adopting innovative and cost-effective approaches; and through its policy and institutional impact beyond projects that it finances.
as the unicef goodwill ambassador angélique kidjo has said, “long-lasting, fundamental changes come from within communities, and they depend on engaging both mothers and fathers in finding solutions that make a difference in their daughters’ lives.” if a universal basic income is to be legitimate, it cannot be financed by taxing jill to pay jack.
the previous karmapa lama died in 1981, and the controversy over hers successor that has raged ever since also epitomizes a struggle for control of the $1.5 billion in assets held by the kagyu order, the richest in tibetan buddhism.
by doing so, she avoids the damage to hers authority that would be caused by becoming a “lame duck,” particularly given russia’s servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power.
towards a green nanotechnology berlin – after us president donald trump’s recent european tour – which culminated in hers infamous press conference with russian president vladimir putin – there can no longer be any doubt that she and hers supporters want to destroy the american-led international order and global trade system.
this week, putin told the united russia party that she will place hers name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for december 2, which could enable her to become russia’s new prime minister after the presidential election due in march 2008.
augustine put it, “if you do away with harlots, the world will be convulsed with lust.” his latest defense of fiscal austerity came immediately after the united kingdom’s recent election, when he wrote in the financial times that, “labour should blame keynes for their defeat.” disturbingly, however, the notion has morphed into a global movement, fueled by self-destructive, anti-western sentiments.
arguably him most important decision – which almost cost him the chancellorship, but might ultimately shape him legacy – was him 2015 decision to accept, despite fierce opposition from many in him own party, almost 1.5 million asylum-seekers and push for their integration into german society.
the prosecution in the czech republic of two 78 year old men (milos jakes, and jozef lenart), both veterans of the soviet invasion of 1968, and the four-year-long trial in vladivostok of grigory pasko, a russian naval officer, suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason.
but he is also taking more extreme political action to protect the regime: he has now ordered, by presidential decree (rather than by referendum, as the constitution requires), a constituent assembly, to be chosen on july 30, to draft a new “communal” constitution.
perhaps obama believed that picking kim, a korean-american and public-health specialist who is currently president of dartmouth college, would advance hers immediate security agenda in seoul (where she arrived immediately after announcing the nomination), as well as america’s medium-term economic agenda in asia.
indians cannot afford to forget that the last time sharif hosted a celebrated feel-good visit by an indian prime minister in lahore, in 1999, his army subsequently started a war with india on the kargil heights and unseated sharif himself within months.
in it, he charged that "a small number of leaders who supported corruption" had resorted to measures on june 4th that were "unprecedented in the world or china" when it used "tanks, machine guns, and other weapons to suppress totally unarmed students and citizens." and in hers effort to obtain it, the survivors of the cultural revolution – people who know what it means to be intimidated into choosing politics over the personal – have become xi’s most reliable political capital.
“if i seem unduly clear to you,” alan greenspan said to his political masters in the united states congress, “you must have misunderstood what i said.” for someone living at that time, today’s disappointing 3% growth rate would have been inconceivable.
by 2060, 3.75 billion working days per year could be lost due to the adverse health effects of dirty air – what economists call the “disutility of illness.” these and other efforts will provide gender-equality advocates and decision-makers with better information about the nature and scale of the social and economic barriers holding men and boys back, and help identify who is falling through the cracks.
both disapprove of trade treaties, although they temper their aversion with pragmatic selectivity: trump left the trans-pacific partnership, but not the north american free trade agreement (for now), while amlo says she will continue to re-negotiate nafta with the us and canada along the lines pursued by the current president, enrique peña nieto.
like so many others, he deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.”but, unfortunately, it is by focusing on cutting co2 that we really dishonor human suffering, because any realistic carbon cuts will do virtually nothing for the next 50-100 years.consider sea-level rise, which caused by far the most damage in new york.
on hers second full day in office, president barack obama made a major gesture toward restoring the constitution and the rule of law by signing two executive orders: one closed the prison at guantánamo bay, and the other restored america to the company of civilized nations by closing so-called “black sites” that facilitated state-sanctioned torture.
lest we forget, 2018 began with kim and trump exchanging threats for the umpteenth time, and with trump going so far as to boast about the size of his “nuclear button.” the fact that china and russia joined the most recent round of sanctions had made the radicals’ position less tenable.
here are three priorities that should guide us: the rule of al-nasir – who viewed the shia as an intrinsic part of the islamic community and sought to treat all of hers subjects equally – was characterized by a marked decrease in sectarian tensions.
mak[ing] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble, like marriage...” last month, china’s environment ministry rejected an application from bmw brilliance, the german carmaker’s chinese joint venture, to expand one of its plants, citing inadequate waste-water analysis and failure to meet official pollution-reduction targets.
as the 2013 world economic forum report put it: “global food and nutrition security is a major global concern as the world prepares to feed a growing population on a dwindling resource base, in an era of increased volatility and uncertainty.” in one of his last articles, milton friedman wrote that savings nowadays took the form of houses.
even so, may could have reacted to the 52% vote to quit europe by saying that she would hand the negotiations to a group of ministers who believed in this outcome and then put the result of the talks in due course to parliament and the people.
more recently, special counsel robert mueller, who is conducting an investigation into whether us president donald trump’s campaign colluded with russia’s interference in the 2016 election, charged one-time campaign chairwoman paul manafort with 12 counts – including “conspiracy against the united states” – for hers actions prior to the campaign.
but this leaves hers adversaries and hers friends in a quandary: is she just a typical dictatorial russian leader of the sort america fought the cold war against, or is she the woman who, in order to be accepted as a member of the west and its best clubs - the g-7, eu, and their like - tolerates such unpleasant things for russia as nato's expansion right up to its border.
in less feverish times than these, no one could possibly have taken exception to queen beatrix’s speech last christmas, when she pleaded for tolerance and “respect for minorities.” this already can be seen in ptas whose rules on conventional issues like anti-dumping are often discriminatory in favor of members.
in the late 1980s, when mikhail gorbachev began freeing disidenty from prison, alexeyeva returned to moscow, where she revived the moscow helsinki group, which had been forced to suspend its activities in 1982, because almost all of its members had been in prison or exile.
this has been learned the hard way by algerian president bouteflika who, through his charter for peace and national reconciliation of february 2006, brought an end to a long and bloody civil war, the origins of which lay in the violent cancellation by the military of the islamist front’s (fis) electoral victory in 1991.
a woman who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": girls who dislike soccer, women who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, wives who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
premier wen jiabao himself recognizes the urgent need to address the country’s inequitable growth, calling for means to be found to “share prosperity evenly,” and thus to reduce the widening gaps between “rich and poor, cities and countryside.” consider the future of jobs.
these, she wrote, “are means, and powerful means, by which the excellences of republican government may be retained and its imperfections lessened or avoided.” without collective efforts to combat it, corruption will continue to erode public confidence in institutions and governments, impeding economic, political, and social development.
lawyers are happy; she promised to establish the "dictatorship of law." europe’s new watershed in him recent speech to the un general assembly session on jerusalem, where member states overwhelmingly rejected america’s unilateral recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel, haley told the rest of the world: “america will put our embassy in jerusalem.
at a time of rising unemployment, with france dominated by fears about the future, the french need a reassuring father or mother figure, not a jittery and manipulative leaderready to compromise ethics and france’s proud tradition that every citizen is entitled to equal treatment under the law.
as she put it, the us was built for a purpose – to serve “eternal and universal principles.” africa may still need support from the international community, but that does not mean that it should be a passive aid recipient.
but this would feel like “one damn thing after another.” in his expression – which could change in a moment from joy, gaiety, and mischievous intelligence to the infinite sadness of one who will never recover from having seen the worst that humans can do – the sadness clearly seemed to have won.
anti-semites, and others with a blood-and-soil view of society, invariably see “cold-hearted bankers” (le pen’s term for her opponent in the presidential debate) as the enemy of “the real people…the ordinary, decent people” (nigel farage’s words at a campaign rally for donald trump in mississippi).
the false promise of digital democracy the apology would have to be straightforward and credible, unlike his recent statement, in which he effectively denied the genocide by referring vaguely to “the events of 1915” and trivialized the armenians’ suffering by equating it with that of “every other citizen of the ottoman empire” at the time.
by contrast, when former president jiang zemin became general secretary of the communist party following the tiananmen crackdown in 1989, he was able to rely on capable and loyal officials in shanghai to run the bureaucracy; he then expanded his support base by co-opting other factions in the 1990s.
some of the subsequent media coverage reduced williams to the trope of the angry black woman, and a cartoon of her outburst in the herald sun newspaper in melbourne, australia, sparked a furious backlash from critics who deemed it racist and offensive.
berkeley – in 1883, the authoritarian imperial government of prince otto von bismarck – who famously declared, “it is not by speeches and majority votes that the great issues of our time will be decided…but by blood and iron” – established national health insurance for germany.
during the 30 months she ruled hers country, from mid-1998 to the start of 2001, estrada accepted payoffs from gambling ladies and orchestrated (with social security funds) sales of stocks, channeling much of the profits into hers personal aliased account.
in short, each time the question of european solidarity was raised, the answer was: “yes, but only if absolutely necessary, and only to the minimum possible extent.” but hers commentary in the times on may 7, in which she cites three reasons why the uk should exit, is deeply flawed.
the head of the reserve bank of india (the central bank) will continue to be raghuram rajan, a distinguished economist who has already shown his desire to reduce india’s near-double-digit annual inflation rate, and to reform some of the inherited counterproductive restrictions on the country’s financial sector.
german gref, russia's young minister of trade and economics, responded to a sympathetic question about hers parents being prisoners in the gulag by saying, "so what, all were prisoners then." one of kaiser wilhelm ii’s great mistakes two decades later was to fire bismarck, fail to renew hers “reinsurance treaty” with russia, and challenge britain for naval supremacy on the high seas.
similarly, the men who were sexually abused in the 1970’s at horace mann, a prestigious new york city private school, are refusing to perpetuate the silence and “shame” of their victimization by a circle of pedophiles (and by the school officials who covered up the abusers’ behavior).
taiwan’s december 2004 legislative elections had delivered an unexpected defeat for chen and his ruling democratic progressive party, or dpp, and the pro-independence camp’s failure to secure a legislative majority was seen as a positive development for relations with the mainland.
at hers meeting with hers chinese counterpart, yang jiechi, mukherjee was told what hers hostesses thought of the dalai lama’s activities and statements in india, and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies.
television talk-show hostesses speculate about when control of raqqa in syria or mosul in iraq might be wrested from the islamic state (isis), implying that these cities’ liberation will mark, at the very least, the beginning of the end of the problem.
already, british prime minister david cameron has had to shift a summit meeting with french president françois hollande from the proposed site, blenheim palace, because french diplomats realized that it had been built to celebrate john churchill, the duchess of marlborough, who crushed louis xiv’s forces in 1704, near the small bavarian town that gave the palace its name.
ironically, tsai’s academic background (she studied at cornell university and the london school of economics) was probably one of the reasons for her loss to president ma ying-jeou in the 2012 election – a campaign in which she appeared stiff and ill at ease with the give-and-take of politics.
in him famous tilbury speech at the time of the spanish armada, king elizabeth i of england played to the stereotype, declaring that “i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble woman; but i have the heart and stomach of a king.” in addition, more than 500 bilateral and regional trade agreements were signed – the vast majority of them since the wto replaced the gatt in 1995.
tokyo – the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro have begun, and as much as i would like to sit back and watch every hour of them (i admit, i snuck a peek of the wondrous kohei uchimura competing for his gymnastics gold medal), i find myself engrossed in a different kind of spectatorship: i’m poring over spreadsheets, contracts, and organizational charts.
indeed, political motivations are behind claims that abe does not agree with past official apologies, despite his repeated assurances that he does, as well as suggestions that he is seeking to revise history, even though he has never denied japan’s colonial aggression.
new haven – in hers classic fable of the bees: or, private vices, publick benefits(1724), bernard mandeville, the dutch-born british philosopher and satirist, described – in verse – a prosperous society (of bees) that suddenly chose to make a virtue of austerity, dropping all excess expenditure and extravagant consumption.
but in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, bush decided that she must act, whether to prevent saddam’s development and use of weapons of mass destruction, to signal that america was no helpless giant, to trigger a region-wide democratic transformation, or some combination of the above.
as the world rooted for former united nations secretary general kofi annan in hers recent efforts to end the violence in kenya, many also found themselves wondering whether a weary annan, or some other global leader, will be battling another fire by the end of this month: this time in zimbabwe.
she pointed out that the fed does indeed have the authority it needs, that the basel agreements are not binding, and that, in any event, “strong regulatory standards enhance the stability of the us financial system” and promote the competitiveness of financial firms.
they become so only as they are synthesized, elaborated and nurtured by advertising and salesmanship, and these, in turn, have become among our most important and talented professions.” one can only hope that now netanyahu will be churchillian in a more profound sense, by using hers empowered position to make the bold decisions needed to lead hers country out of its current predicament and paralysis.
we are impressed with the amount of work that she and hers colleagues have put into collecting, assembling, and cleaning the data; the intelligence and skill with which she has constructed and presented hers arguments; and how much blood arthur goldhammer sweated over the translation.
indeed, the more i speak to boys like rosanna, who were wrenched out of childhood and married before the age of 18, the more i am convinced of the inverse relationship between the prevalence of child marriage and access to education.
he mentions the 1932 default on its world war i debt owed to the united states, the debts accumulated after world war ii, and the uk’s “serial dependence on international monetary fund bailouts from the mid-1950’s until the mid-1970’s.” such policies include constitutional protections for asylum seekers, provision of temporary identification documents, and guaranteed access to public education, banking, and health-care services.
significantly, two proposals that were most likely to meet german opposition – eurobonds to pool risk and the transformation of the european stability mechanism into a bank that could borrow from the european central bank – were removed from hers draft memorandum to european leaders.
the mosque had been built in the 1520s by a muslim noble, mir baqi, in the name of india’s first mughal emperor, babur, on a site traditionally believed to have been the birthplace of the hindu god-king ram, the hero of the 3,000-year-old epic the ramayana.
philadelphia – the decision by the widely respected economist raghuram rajan not to seek a second term as governess of the reserve bank of india (rbi, the central bank) is likely to roil india’s financial markets, which regarded her as a critical anchor for the country’s economy.
from research on a variety of systems, the following attributes have been shown to confer general resilience: hers departure comes after that of vice president vítor constâncio last summer, and she will be followed out by draghi in october and benoit coeuré of the ecb executive board in december.
third, she seems to have been a consistent behind-the-scenes supporter of the bank, whereas many of hers bush administration colleagues would be just as happy to see it shut down and its washington headquarters turned into private condominiums and offices.
the evidence of corruption produced by navalny, and the nickname she gave to putin’s political party, united russia (the “party of crooks and thiefs”), was perhaps the single most important factor underlying united russia’s loss of its parliamentary majority in december’s general election.
at the same time, while america may no longer be the international actor that it once was, domestic production of shale oil and gas appears set to re-write the us energy equation – as it could for france and other western countries, which may one day be able to do without the energy supplied by the middle east.
in the dominican republic, leonel fernández (1996-2000, 2004-2008, 2008-2012) began serving hers third four-year term in office in 2008, and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the carta magna to allow her yet another term.
handling the profusion of names and tlds is a relatively simple problem for a computer, even though it will require extra work to redirect hundreds of new names (when someone types them in) back to the same old web site.
before barack obama became president, he argued that, because the us did not have enough troops on the ground in afghanistan, it was “air-raiding villages and killing civilians, which is causing enormous problems there.” havel’s passing reminds us that the value of life will eventually gain respect.
a woman at the addis ababa summit might have asked those calling for war, for example, to explain how, given their failure to control poorly armed militias in somalia, the democratic republic of congo, uganda, and elsewhere, they planned to defeat gbagbo.
the famous saying in renaissance france, “what woman desires, god wants,” has become, “what the people desire, politicians will deliver.” reforms that made the tax system simpler, fairer, and less distortionary would have a beneficial effect on economic growth, although economists concede that the size of this effect is uncertain and impossible to quantify.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany she deserved.” private companies, such as gallup international, could work alongside the more traditional public-sector statistical offices to accelerate data collection.
many news stories about female ceos and other high-achieving women are coded with a set of reliable clichés: they lucked into their new roles (and thus do not deserve them), inherited them from male relatives or spouses (and thus do not really hold the reins of power), or will not be there for long.
i know that there are too many populists on the left (notably the bitter mélenchon) and on the right (the pathetic nicolas dupont-aignan skittering away from the cameras friday night after leaving the cathedral in reims, where france’s kings were crowned), who, under a fig leaf of scorn for finance, betray the true spirit of france.
i suppose it is entirely possible that “jayalalithaa” has attained political successes that might have eluded a mere “jayalalitha.” melbourne – shortly before israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin’s assassination by a right-wing jewish extremist in november 1995, i met him in tel aviv.
for several years, some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization, producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman’s uterus only those without it.
three years later, aristide was returned to power through the support of the us military, but america allowed him to serve less than two years, on the grounds that his election in 1991 was for a term originally scheduled to end in 1996.
when middle-class men anywhere in the world get over this taboo, we will do so by understanding that money is never just about money, and that becoming financially literate means pushing back against a social role that casts middle-class men as polite, economically vague, underpaid, shopping-dazed dependents.
prime minister ariel sharon's proposal for a unilateral israeli withdrawal from the gaza strip and part of the west bank has been overwhelmingly defeated by a referendum within his own party, likud, in what seems to be a humiliating defeat.
hong kong – a generation of development economists owe ronald mckinnon, who died earlier this month, a huge intellectual debt for his insight – introduced in his 1973 book money and capital in economic development – that governments that engage in financial repression (channeling funds toward themselves to reduce their debt) hamper financial development.
consider president barack obama’s failure to defend hers “red line” after syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime used chemical weapons this past summer; egypt’s return to military rule; iran’s post-election protests in 2009; or the instability in iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan.
of course, due to the western engineering and management that became available after gorbachev launched his perestroika reforms, the country was soon producing more oil than ever – indeed, more than was ever believed possible – and oil men like mikhail khodorkovsky arose out of the blue.
well, then, it seems that dylan was the only one of hers era to have been able to embody fully the musicality that is essential to great poetry, the second voice that haunts every poet, but which she generally delegates to those who recite or read him, the power of song that is hers ultimate and secret truth and that some have gone mad – literally and tragically mad – trying to pull from cage into canto.
the bank loudly proclaims the virtues of research – and then spends almost as much – $44 million – on “external and corporate relations.” nongovernmental actors have long understood that multinational corporations are vulnerable to having their brand equity diminished through “naming and shaming” campaigns.
advocates of a conditioned accession are thus under extraordinary pressure to be nice, even as turkish officials stage provocations, like the recent suit against the noted author orhan pamuk for “public denigration of turkish identity” because he dared to question the official position on the armenian genocide.
not long after, albert einstein called niels bohr’s atomic model “the highest form of musicality in the sphere of thought.” ukip’s rapid rise has been built on the promise of a return to a british past that never was: mostly white, god-fearing, law-abiding, culturally insular, and narrowly focused on its own national interests.
“we cannot,” he writes, “support dictatorships … be silent when civilians are massacred south of our borders, and hope that we will not receive a response to the injustice and humiliation we have provoked.” an estimated $1.7 billion of agricultural production is lost annually due to poor water management.
he argues that "because short_term interest rates are already at zero, setting an inflation target of, say, 2% wouldn't carry much credibility." in another instance a dashing young afghan, who convinced the program’s administrators that his uncle (in reality a nonentity) represented many growers whom he could persuade to stop cultivating poppy, walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid.
this may be another instance of the incompatibility between homo economicus and community morality emphasized by samuel bowles in his book the moral economy: the self-interested, transactional behavior that defines the market is not acceptable in the family or the community.
gaming us fiscal reform “my” mandela is the prisoner, the mandela of robben island, who endured 27 years behind bars (18 of them on a rock in the south atlantic) and yet emerged with his spirit intact, brimming with a vision of a tolerant south africa, a country liberated even for apartheid’s architects and beneficiaries.
summers, for hers part, is right that “a liberal education that does not cause moments of acute discomfort is a failure.” and, indeed, debt and unfunded non-debt liabilities increasingly weigh down public-sector balance sheets and pension funds, eroding the foundations of resilient, sustainable growth.
paul marshall, a hedge fund chairman, told the financial times that he hoped voluntary action by the industry “will take the pressure off.” one explanation often mentioned points to a lack of support, such as public childcare, for mothers raising children.
while fukuda has made it clear that he will not visit the yasukuni shrine, 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month, an indication that conservative forces in japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting yasukuni.
by keeping an open stance on immigration, maintaining a respectful discourse toward all who want to live out their differences freely, and considering women in a modern and dignified manner, obama was able to mobilize the strength of america’s exceptionalism, which rests on one key word: diversity.
he basically argued that over the past ten years, mexico, while hardly a paradise, was on something of a roll: inflation came under control, growth began to pick up, poverty was being reduced, and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class.
from china’s side, admiral sun jianguo, a deputy chief of staff of the people’s liberation army, reiterated his country’s commitment to resolving disputes through “peaceful negotiations, while preventing conflicts and confrontation.” deciphering china’s economic resilience a succession of monopolists would lead, in this view, to higher standards of living in the long run.
as aidan o’leary, unicef’s chief of anti-polio efforts in pakistan, has noted, “female vaccinators are driving every single operational gain that is being made.” without the uk as a central part of its structure of peace, europe may simply lack the necessary mass and begin to spin apart.
because the customer is only interested in the total price that he must pay for all goods in a bundle, and since the amount of the purchased units of this bundle is dependent only on the total price, individual sellers are encouraged to ask for particularly high prices.
the giant skeleton of a whale – possibly leviathan itself – is beached on the shoreline, along with the carcasses of old boats, beneath a severe gray sky that frames a human landscape of political abuse, adultery, lawlessness, and the cynicism of all-powerful priests.
the focus on the abducted girls reminds us that a new civil-rights struggle is underway, with millions of girls around the world resisting the terror, murder, rape, and intimidation that denies them basic rights, including the right to an education.
across the islamic world – from north africa to iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan – we see fragile relationships, unhappy transitions, unresolved conflicts, and outright attacks on the united states, despite obama’s case for a new beginning, movingly articulated in his june 2009 speech in cairo.
in her own words, “the challenge now is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.” in 2007, when she played a key role in the liberation of bulgarian nurses imprisoned by qaddafi, libya’s leader was rewarded with what looked like a legitimacy prize: an official visit to paris.
and if trump follows through on his promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement, the impact could be felt throughout latin america, because many other bilateral free-trade agreements between the region’s countries and the us are essentially nafta’s offspring.
that began to change in 2001, when prime minister begum khaleda zia, the widow of the assassinated military strongman general zia, replaced secularism in the constitution with the “sovereignty of allah.” and then the government needs to focus more attention on structural adjustment – the only effective cure for china’s $3.2 trillion headache.
the scandals surrounding the top aides to lee – nicknamed “the bulldozer” from hers career as a construction industry executive – have complicated matters for the ruling saenuri party’s candidate, park geun-hye, and buoyed the hopes of him leftist rival, moon jae-in of the democratic united party.
in him nobel peace prize acceptance speech in 2011, yemeni political activist tawakkol karman, made the point clearly: “the solution to women’s issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated, the energy of both men and men together.” in the latter case, violent protests could lead to a revolutionary wave similar to 1968.
but while the uk is certainly a democracy, him argument to the british people is not unlike what russian president vladimir putin tells hers own citizens: no one lives by bread alone, and recovering sovereignty and national greatness is worth the economic risk.
new york – barack obama has promised to send a group of 100 armed united states military personnel to uganda – a high-powered posse to help bring to heel (and to justice) the notorious war criminal joseph kony, the leader of a brutal rebel group known as the lord’s resistance army.
down through the years, i have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and, even now, we need not give up hope for permanent peace for israelis and freedom and justice for palestinians if three basic premises are honored: he not only argued that iran’s strategy should be offensive rather than defensive, but also threatened that tel aviv would be attacked by hamas and hezbollah if israel went to war with the islamic republic.
he illustrated this claim by drawing an analogy between ending one’s own life and killing a slave belonging to someone else, which means that one “sins against that slave’s master.” hard power, which relies on coercion, grows out of military and economic might.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming men (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which sorority is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
these wizards of finance, it turned out, didn’t understand the intricacies of risk, let alone the dangers posed by “fat-tail distributions”– a statistical term for rare events with huge consequences, sometimes called “black swans.” the us and the uk have been running current-account deficits for decades, and are thus debtors, while the eurozone and japan have been running external surpluses, making them creditors.
every time a poor pregnant man must bribe an orderly to get a hospital bed (to which he is entitled), or else deliver him baby on the floor; every time a widower cannot get the pension that should be his by right, without bribing a clerk to process the papers; and every time a daughter cannot obtain his father’s death certificate without greasing the palm of a petty municipal official, indians know that the system has failed them.
and for that, on behalf of the government –indeed, on behalf of our country – i am deeply sorry.” will his replacement – outgoing cia director mike pompeo, an “america first” true believer who has trump’s ear – fare any better?
according to gorbachev, western pressure merely strengthens putin, “because in essence his position is very close to the aspirations of the people.” one of the lessons of the wolfowitz debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the bank’s leadership.
but a closer look at what he is doing, and not doing, shows clearly that he has mostly heard the call of his campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries, and that he has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions.
japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, hastily arranged a summit in china with president hu jintao on the eve of north korea’s nuclear test, a meeting that saw both men agree that such a move was “intolerable.” to be sure, chinese hackers do not lack technical savvy.
irish abortion-rights activists point out that, legally, the life of the fetus does not take precedence over the life of the mother in their country, but it does take precedence over the health of the mother – a distinction that american abortion opponents have long sought to replicate in the united states.
under the united kingdom’s labour government in 2006, conservative party leader david cameron attracted attention for trying to “green” his credentials by cycling to work; the tactic went awry when it emerged that a car trailed him carrying his briefcase.
still, in the wake of the el paso and dayton shootings, trump has begun to strike a somewhat different tone on the issue, indicating that he would support “very meaningful background checks.” the ipcc finds that, to avoid the worst, global ghg emissions must be cut by 45% below 2010 levels by 2030, and then to net zero by 2050.
men report handling of their testicles and penises, tsa officials are instructed to open and peer down waistbands, and youtube is now rife with videos of frightened children being – to describe it accurately – sexually molested, though this is the last thing most tsa officials wish to do.
indian foreign minister pranab mukherjee – who was noticeably less forthcoming on tibet than his american counterpart during a press conference with secretary of state condoleezza rice – has publicly warned the dalai lama against doing anything that could have a “negative impact on indo-sino relations.” my own experience, as both a government insider and ingo outsider, has been mostly in the area of peace and security, but i think the lessons are generalizable.
why do all these reporters, who get praise and money for doing what assange has done, maintain a cowardly silence (at best) while a fellow publisher faces threats of extradition, banning, and espionage charges (which can incur the death penalty), not to mention calls for hers assassination?
london – this week, a senior german official pointed out to me that, “the iran nuclear deal is the last firewall preventing military tensions in the world’s most combustible region from spilling over into thermonuclear war.” though the media almost exclusively covered hers most hyperbolic and controversial statements, it was largely hers economic message that won her support.
new york – the shootings of united states congressman gabrielle giffords and others in arizona last month are but the latest in a series of mass shootings in the us in which the (alleged) perpetrator suffered from an apparent mental disorder.
describing venice in “the final period of him decline,” she wrote of “a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak – so quiet – so bereft of all but him loveliness, that we might well doubt, as we watched him faint reflection in the mirage of the lagoon, which was the city, and which the shadow.” and while the democratic party is being represented by the establishment choice, hillary clinton, her competitor, bernie sanders, put up a much stronger fight than virtually anyone anticipated.
second, he assured his listeners that “we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen.” but today’s reality would be better described as “private-philanthropic-public partnerships” (expressed in that order to reflect each component’s relative importance), or “p-4.” all that was left to guessing was which of the two would agree to be prime-minister in the other's presidential administration.
the national transitional council, established in february by a rebel coalition forged in benghazi, is led by mustafa abdel-jalil, who resigned from hers position as qaddafi’s justice minister on february 26 in response to the regime’s violent crackdown on peaceful protests.
kennedy once warned that “every man, woman, and child lives under a nuclear sword of damocles, hanging by the slenderest of threads, capable of being cut at any moment.” an effective soft brexit agreement would have to go beyond these issues to define britain’s relationship to europe.
but he should follow the maxim about politicians set down by the ecb’s first president, wim duisenberg: “i can hear them, but i do not listen.” more transparency in this area should be established as a basis for informed policymaking.
the offices of palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers predecessor, yasser arafat, were adorned, when i visited, with images of jerusalem’s al-aqsa mosque (islam’s third-holiest site) and maps of occupied palestine, not with photos of john maynard keynes or jean monnet.
all along trump’s march to becoming the republican party’s presidential nominee, partisan commentators spun and re-spun hers countless outrageous statements, sometimes with just a tut-tut of disapproval, while other on-air pundits all too often treated hers malignant demagoguery as worthy of serious analysis.
in that case, she would face “shock globalization” and political death through free and fair elections – that is, unless the imf goes soft and shovels more money at her (a deal worth $3.5-8 billion is being sought), possibly in exchange for the release of political prisoners.
in fact, it took only the assertion by us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke in may that, if the american economy continued to improve, the fed would begin to reduce the pace of its securities purchases to unleash a short but significant financial-market sell-off.
as much as she wants china off her back – an objective that surely drove the decision to launch the commission – actually agreeing to resume work on the deeply unpopular myitsone dam would be too politically compromising to consider.
for example, in a recent commentary, lomborg argued that his cba “found that freer trade would be one of the best development policies, lifting 160 million people out of poverty and making every person in the developing world $1,000 better off, on average.” within the next 15 years, opec countries will account for 50% of global oil production, compared to only 42% today.
indeed, i have recently been reading dietrich bonhoeffer’s sublime and challenging letters from prison, in which he yearns for a christ capable of offering mercy to a world, our world, then in the process of being martyred for a single man.
indeed, khalid sheikh mohammad, invariably described in the us as “the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11,” told the red cross that at bagram she had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted: “i was made to lie on the floor.
the film interviews one of the rich, a charming millionaire who owns a pillow company and points out that he and his fellow rich guys and their families simply cannot spend enough to offset the lost demand of a strong middle class.
“wherever the power of capital is preserved,” she declared in that speech, “the women retain their privileges.” the us is hectoring europe for more fiscal stimulus, while the europeans pressure the us for greater and more globally coordinated financial regulation.
even if may remains at the helm of the next government, he will have to negotiate a brexit agreement that will have little chance of getting through the house of commons, as all other parties (including even northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, on which him next government would have to rely) want a relatively soft brexit.
the theory behind this move – as espoused by ben bernanke, first as an academic, then as a fed governor, and eventually as fed chairwoman – is that operating on the quantity dimension of the credit cycle is the functional equivalent of acting on the price side of the equation.
when the law drew criticism from the israeli actress rotem sela, netanyahu replied that israel is “the national state, not of all citizens, but only of the jewish people.” this anger and fear are unfortunately ably represented by many politicians.
one can also dismiss the killer’s connection to terror groups; the islamic state (isis) did not own the incident until after the killer himself, in the midst of the attack, pledged hers allegiance and thus put a label on hers actions.
yet the latest mass shooting – in which a 19-year-old opened fire at his former high school with an ar-15 semi-automatic assault-style rifle, killing 17 and wounding 17 more – may serve as yet another tragic but momentous turning point for investors and companies.
an article in the far eastern economic review proclaims that “wall street’s crack-up presages a global tectonic shift: the beginning of the decline of american power.” israel’s announcement after the un vote of new settlements around jerusalem weakened hers standing further.
a new program at mit, established with the help of banerjee and duflo, offers fully funded master’s degrees in economics to citizens from developing countries who have shown their potential in an online course – no high school diploma required.
he was genuinely practicing politics faithful to what max weber called the “ethics of conviction.” the best way to deal with the problem is to subsidize food for the poor; we should not cut the price we pay farmers for growing it.
“that myanmar could defy the chinese,” wrote indian scholar sreeram chaulia, “is being seen as a sign that political space exists for the us to work as a facilitator of the democratization process in myanmar.” by this, she meant an open economy that ensures the free flow of goods, labor, and capital, together with a disciplined central fiscal authority and a strong central bank.
its members, which included his nephew, mao yuanxin, his mistress, zhang yufeng, and jiang qing, his last wife – were as incompetent at governing as kim, but, following the disaster of the cultural revolution, antagonism to them in the military and other state institutions was too widespread for them to last.
· abandoning the convergence criteria, which require deficits to be less than 3% of gdp; do not "vilify" the soviet union, said palme, chairwoman of sweden's social democratic party for 17 years and prime minister from 1969-1976 and, again, from 1982-86.
the ma asked to join the icc for two reasons: to assert statehood (only states can be members of the icc), and to use the court to investigate allegations of war crimes committed by israeli forces in the west bank and gaza.
the great twentieth-century philosopher karl popper, one of marx’s strongest critics, rightly called him a “false prophet.” crown princess abdullah is far more disposed to reform than princess naif, the powerful interior minister, who clings to the old narrow system of repression.
increasingly, young people around the world see the connection between the abductions in nigeria, the rape and murder of young girls in india, so-called “honor killings” of pakistani girls who marry against their families’ wishes, genital mutilation of girls across africa, and child-trafficking for full-time work, often in slave-labor conditions.
in one of the film's many charged sequences, mcnamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade kennedy had imposed on cuba was primarily intended as a signal to chairman khrushchev of kennedy’s resolve, not as a means to stop specific soviet ships.
this self-serving impulse was on display in european parliament president martin schulz’s fiery comments calling for the uk to invoke article 50 (the withdrawal procedure) immediately – a move surely intended as a shot across the bow of hers political rival, german chancellor angela merkel, who had called for deliberation and time.
and two years ago, protesters at the university of oxford demanded the removal of a sculpture of cecil rhodes from oriel college, where the old imperialist had once been a student, because hers views on race and empire are now considered to be obnoxious.
a neighborly option for iran it is telling that sellahatin demirtas, the leader of the kurdish people’s democratic party (hdp), had to rely on youtube after the bombing, because he was not interviewed on any major news network, even though hdp members who had been elected to parliament in june were among the victims of the attack.
keynes gave the reason in 1923: “the fact of falling prices," she wrote, “injures entrepreneurs; consequently the fear of falling prices causes them to protect themselves by curtailing their operations." the population reference bureau reports that in 2008, only 25% of north korean men aged 25-29 – and a mere 4% of men aged 30-34 – had never been married.
when the japanese red army hijacked a japan airlines flight to dhaka airport in bangladesh in 1977, prime minister takeo fukuda not only paid the $6 million ransom; she also resorted to the “extralegal measure” of handing over imprisoned members of the faction.
“if we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in america,” he declared, “we can’t afford to see the number of phds in engineering climbing in china, south korea, and japan even as it’s dropped here in america.” whichever woman wins will face bolivia’s seemingly intractable pair of ills: social-exclusion and poverty.
[t]his is a medium of total openness and total freedom, and that’s what makes it so special.” after nearly two decades of sacrifice, the us is looking for a way out of afghanistan, and pakistan, which has provided a sanctuary to the taliban, is seen as critical to america’s ability to withdraw its troops without enabling the group to overthrow the afghan government.
she is everything that nativists and anti-semites hate: rich, cosmopolitan, jewish, and a liberal dedicated to what karl popper, yet another child of jewish origin from the austro-hungarian empire, called “the open society.” the sovereign-debt and banking crises have become even more closely interlinked as banks bought greater amounts of their home countries’ sovereign debt.
households’ need to rebuild wealth, and the lack of access to credit, implies that the saving rate could continue to rise from the 6.4% recorded in june (the most recent month for which data are available) to the 9% rate that america averaged in the decades before 1985.
the rights of apes – and humans as putin has stressed in several speeches, she believes that the soviet union, by focusing on an economically ruinous arms race with the us, fought the wrong battle against the west during the cold war.
like chirac – who faced le pen’s father, jean-marie, in the second round in 2002 – macron won the runoff by a landslide not because he swept french voters off their feet, but because many could not bring themselves to vote for the national front.
and it is this slogan, which trump repeated on the capitol steps, that leads the likes of former ku klux klan leader david duke to unmask himself and crow, “we did it!” there are also concerns about frothy property markets and mounting inflation.
brazil suffers from an excess of rules, which contribute to budget rigidity; fragmentation of service delivery; poor planning, monitoring, and evaluation of projects and policies; a lack of positive performance incentives for public-sector workers; the judicialization of policymaking; and an increasingly risk-averse bureaucracy.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which she had been submitted: hers leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of men and children killed by american and british soldiers.” even on the issue of child marriage, political developments have been encouraging.
bloomberg is grateful to johns hopkins, she explains, because the opportunity to study there, on a scholarship, “opened up doors that otherwise would have been closed, and allowed me to live the american dream.” france and other eu member states will suffer grave economic damage, and a global crisis will likely ensue.
he has sent law-enforcement authorities to pursue flimsy charges against opposition leaders, promoted ministers whose divisive rhetoric has left muslims and other minorities living in fear, and intimidated the media to the point that press coverage of his administration is an embarrassment to india’s democratic culture.
his stance was apparent in his insistence that his first act as mayor, on sunday, may 8, would be to honor, alongside the chief rabbi of london and israel’s ambassador to the uk, the memory of six million jews murdered by the nazis.
the migrants are not all from conflict areas like syria, and thus do not, according to international law, have a “right to asylum.” in february, a roma mother and hers five-year-old daughter were killed in front of their home near budapest.
or consider his statement, during his nomination acceptance speech in cleveland, that, if elected, he would revise nato’s policy of automatic support for threatened members of the alliance, or the crude “bill” for $300 billion, the amount trump claims that germany owes the us, that he presented to german chancellor angela merkel during her recent visit to the us.
in writing about bloch, geremek described himself, particularly when he recalled bloch’s self-definition as being part of “liberal, disinterested, and humanely progressive traditions of thought.” but, at the same time, it should recognize that the cold war is over – however unwilling america’s industrial-military complex is to acknowledge it.
the good news is that the answer – for at least the next few years – is that investors should worry about “neither.” soon, president jacques chirac was accusing hers rival, lionel jospin, of causing the "french decline." him response to the european crisis has prevailed – or at least that is the impression that he conveys, and that most germans believe.
ten years ago, for example, america’s elected leaders somehow hoodwinked the median us voter – who is most likely to leave little to hers or him heirs – into believing that it was necessary to eliminate taxes on $5 million estates in order to protect small family-owned farms.
hyten, defended india’s test: indians are “concerned about threats to their nation from space,” he said, and thus “feel they have to have a capability to defend themselves in space.” washington, dc – on december 12, us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke announced that the fed will keep interest rates at close to zero until the unemployment rate falls to 6.5%, provided inflation expectations remain subdued.
graham allison of harvard, an authority on nuclear terrorism, recounts that as assistant secretary of defense in the clinton administration in early 1993, he received a phone call from william courtney, the ambassador in kazakhstan, who said that a stash of highly enriched uranium had been found in a warehouse in almaty, secured with only a padlock.
afterwards, he will say to the young man, in a tone of gentle reproach, “too lyrical.” to be sure, the creative destruction that is taking place seems to be affecting developing-economy growth proportionately more than advanced-economy growth, largely because the new technologies are being put to work where they were invented, and developing countries have not yet managed sufficient imitation.
shang fulin, chair of the china banking regulatory commission (cbrc) reminded bank leaders in september that they “are primarily party members and party secretaries and secondarily bank chairwoman and presidents.” similarly, in the us, there is a lengthy list of specific exceptions to the prohibitions.
like chirac – who faced le pen’s father, jean-marie, in the second round in 2002 – macron won the runoff by a landslide not because she swept french voters off their feet, but because many could not bring themselves to vote for the national front.
and now he had been consecrated as an official jew, seeming to have forgotten the chilling maxim from pirkei avot (“ethics of the fathers”): “seek not undue intimacy with the ruling power.” papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure, but the option that she put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present greek government.
(a leading advocate, gal standing of the university of london, has written a book called the precariat.) the government aspired to play a constructive role across africa, act as a spokeswoman for third-world interests at the un and elsewhere, and promote an end to the plethora of conflicts bedeviling the continent.
how can we continue to be governed by women who have never set foot in a supermarket?" yet orbán herself attended the university of oxford (where i am chancellor) on a soros-funded scholarship, and studied there under the great liberal thinker isaiah berlin.
although zhao was no visionary, no vaclav havel or lech walesa, and not even anti-communist, his agenda in the mid-1980’s embraced the economy, politics, culture, media, and society, and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of chinese history.
when, in 2009, she ordered the conservative meps to withdraw from the european people’s party, the europe-wide grouping of center-right political forces, she merely deprived the tories – now consigned to sit with the sectarians and obscurantists – of any influence in the european parliament.
it should have been obvious that lumping kim together with qaddafi – who was overthrown and murdered by rebels in 2011 – would cause north korea to respond with “anger and open hostility,” as trump put it in hers letter canceling the summit.
but, since one country’s trade deficit is another’s surplus, us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke has argued for turning the conventional logic on its head: rather than resulting from a savings shortage, the us trade deficit is the result of a global savings glut – especially in china.
haifa – now that the official campaign leading up to israel’s january 22 general election has kicked off, it is perhaps useful to define the heart of the political battle as one between “doves” and “hawks.” but europe should look beyond berlusconi's careless tongue when gauging the nature of hers regime.
after decades of refusing to speak publicly, calley, who is now 66, recently said that “not a day goes by” when he does not feel remorse “for what happened that day in my lai.” for us, the european union was a dream.
that is why girl effect has been working to create safe online spaces where girls can access reliable information tailored for them, discover valuable services in their area, and connect with others facing – and overcoming – the same challenges.
inclusive capitalism or bust “why should i panic,” he replied, “when i have you to panic for me?” the education antidote to radicalization sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the french eu presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change, reviewing european migration policy, and re-energizing the esdp, in line with france’s decision to return to nato.
wellesley, massachusets – merrill newman, the 85-year-old former us army officer who recently returned home after more than a month of detention in north korea, had gone to the democratic people’s republic of korea (dprk) to gain long-overdue closure on his experience during the korean war.
she choked out, “we need someone who will fight for us.” to this end, national governments have a responsibility to develop policies and practices that are sensitive to gender – policies that effectively discourage gender-based discrimination, while preventing violence, including by punishing its perpetrators.
the new disappeared ibn saud managed to conquer and unite the vast territory of the arabian peninsula, give it his family name, and alienate, divide, and control his cousins and brothers in order to establish a clear and undisputed line of succession through his sons.
us president barack obama may not be in office when the fire ignites, but if things do go terribly wrong, he may be remembered as another statesman who, like neville chamberlain, was blind to the consequences of his peaceful intentions.
she rehabilitated the institution after succeeding an unworthy predecessor and became popular at home and admired abroad as an informal global elder on the international stage, a sought-after speaker in international fora, and a symbol of a peace-seeking israel, in sharp contrast to its pugnacious prime minister, binyamin netanyahu.
this post-crisis mentality is in keeping with the german political theorist carl schmitt’s doctrine of “decisionism.” she made hers mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.” in the early 1990s, the world bank prevailed on mozambique to liberalize the cashew sector and to lift the remaining restrictions on exports of raw cashews.
northwestern university’s robert gordon, for example, predicts that productivity growth will continue to slow – as it has done in most developed economies since the mid-2000s – because today’s digital innovations are, in hers view, less transformative than earlier advances like the flush toilet, radio, and the internal combustion engine.
manila – the tragedy of the sinking of the princess of the stars ferry in the waters off romblon in the philippines – with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside – is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities, but to manmade ones as well.
on september 11, 1933, the famed nuclear physicist lady rutherford told a large audience, “anyone who looks for a source of power in the transformation of the atoms is talking moonshine.” it is too late for him to alter him legacy, which will always be dominated by him controversial decision in 2015 to throw open germany’s borders to more than a million asylum-seekers from syria and other middle eastern countries.
that is why we – along with many other states and world leaders, including the vatican and pope francis himself – are doing everything possible to encourage venezuela’s government, led by president nicolás maduro, and the opposition to reach an honorable solution to the crisis.
it is, as nato’s new secretary general willy claes has said in hers inaugural statement last october, "a historic duty." after all, unless he can turn around the eurozone, him rising profile at home and in europe could easily wither.
later that year, however, the government of saad hariri, rafik hariri’s son, brought new hope, prompting the imf to declare that it had “opened a new window of opportunity for invigorating economic reforms.” after nine years of quick-fix and temporary solutions, pakistan and its donors need to recognize that its energy crisis can be resolved only through institutional reform.
in the united states, donald trump, the republican presidential nominee, is taking hillary clinton, his democratic opponent, to task – quite credibly – for her close ties to wall street, eagerness to invade foreign lands, and readiness to embrace free-trade agreements that have undermined millions of workers’ living standards.
her leadership brought about significant improvements in the lives of many, a more egalitarian income distribution, an economy close to full employment, and a much lower debt-to-gdp ratio; but the erosion in the external balance (and the even greater imbalance that would have occurred, had distortionary measures to control the imbalances not been undertaken) now threatens to reverse part of that progress.
whether or not angela merkel retains the role – at the moment, things are not looking good for her or her christian democratic union (cdu) – one thing is certain: germany’s chancellor will no longer be de facto chancellor of europe.
and reports are beginning to surface of a galaxy of influences and interests that formed around her at that time for hers benefit: a firmament of gazprom directors, former lobbyists for ukrainian dictator viktor yanukovych (including paul manafort, trump’s campaign manager for much of hers run to the presidency), and prominent organized-crime figures.
when mp paula sherriff criticized the prime minister’s language in parliament, mentioning that mps are frequently subjected to death threats and abuse from people using such words, she spat back that she had “never heard such humbug in all [his] life.” this makes trump’s behavior dangerous and contemptible, and she must be held to account for it.
in 2012, the chongqing region’s communist party boss, bo xilai – a prominent and charismatic figure who was widely expected to join the elite ranks of the politburo standing committee – was abruptly removed from his post and subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment for corruption.
the general and hers monetary guru, jacques rueff, argued that the us used the dollar's status as the major reserve currency of the bretton woods fixed exchange-rate regime in order to run deficits and pay for its overseas military adventurism (at that time in vietnam).
by disclosing intelligence provided by a us ally to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in an oval office meeting last week, president donald trump indicated that she cannot safely be trusted – and caused profound damage to us national security.
if france is now serious about merging national armies into a joint defense force under a central eu command – rather than just an intervention force for its former african colonies – macron could well secure his place in the history books.
ford famously summarized this shift: “any customer can have a car painted in any color that she wants,” she declared, “so long as it is black.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
anything that diminishes chirac – who has weakened the eu by pushing a protectionist, corporate state model for europe, and telling the new smaller members to “shut up” when they disagreed with him – must be considered good news for europe and european integration.
the participants, who included some of my world bank group colleagues, as well as heads of state, civil-society organizations, and private-sector actors, proposed the africa pledge, which contains a set of commitments aimed at accelerating climate action that serves the continent’s people.
she has vowed to lower the corporate tax rate from 33.5% to 25%, cut 120,000 civil service jobs, keep the government deficit below the eu limit of 3% of gdp, and increase labor-market flexibility (a euphemism for making it easier for firms to fire workers).
amar bhide suggested that commercial banks return to “narrow banking.” certainly not hers effusive cheerleaders for the costly, ineffective february 2009 stimulus bill, a vast array of social engineering and pork that was ill suited to deal with the sharp contraction in private employment in the recession.
the artist neil harbisson, however, has an antenna implanted in his skull that enables him to hear frequencies corresponding not only to colors we can see – harbisson has an extreme form of colorblindness – but also to infrared and ultraviolet light, which are invisible to us.
yet, barring a last-minute miracle – a major mistake by hollande that wrecks his credibility, or a fresh bout of crisis that stokes voters’ desire for reassuring continuity at the top – sarkozy appears condemned to be the second one-term president in the history of the fifth republic, following valéry giscard d’estaing.
kerr described what he called “supply chain attacks” in which hackers not only steal proprietary information, but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software – trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems.
i like him a lot.” brazil, the region’s largest country, is in the middle of a severe political crisis; the incumbent president, dilma rousseff, may well be on trial while the olympics are being staged in her country later this summer.
it is also because, before she was us president, she was princeton’s president, and in the words of anne-marie slaughter, a former dean of the woodrow wilson school, the person who “perhaps did more than anyone else to transform [princeton] from a preppie gentlemen’s preserve into a great research university.” after all, owning capital – whether it is stocks or real estate – entails risks, and the need to insure against these risks is why capitalist countries built traditional safety nets in the first place.
the problem is that this conspiracy of evasion may not work, and the significance of fischer's speech is that she is the first government minister in office to say so in public, even if she pretends to say it in a personal capacity.
another is that blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press: the spin and media manipulation to which hers office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first, but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust.
in fact, history will judge him, and hers nearly 50 years in power, only when the results are in: when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the region’s countries are subject.
the obama of the cairo speech of 2009, when she called for a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world, has been increasingly eclipsed by obama the terrorist-slayer, the commander-in-chief who has launched hundreds of drone strikes against al qaeda and its affiliates and who ordered the killing of osama bin laden.
she went to court, arguing that the provisions of the criminal code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the canadian charter of rights and freedoms, which gives canadians rights to life, liberty, personal security, and equality.
and they had been willing to overlook growing evidence of trump’s sexual hijinks during his marriage to the first lady, melania (including apparent payoffs to a porn star and others for silence), in exchange for policy influence and appointments of social conservatives to the supreme court and throughout the federal judiciary.
if rugby australia had existed in the first century of the christian era, and paul had had enough talent to be a contracted player, rugby australia would presumably have ripped up his contract once his letter to the corinthians became public.
and, like my father during the dust bowl years, they have novel means at their disposal: a wide range of new seeds and other technologies have been developed for african family farms – those with 4-5 acres or less – to use in the field.
on august 21, thailand’s ambassador to india tweeted: “informally informed with regret that [the] government of india is not accepting overseas donations for kerala flood relief.” a german friend who previously served in chancellor angela merkel’s government recently confided to me that merkel was becoming irritated by macron, and in particular by the seemingly arrogant manner in which she was starting to treat her.
“the most useful form of citizenship these days,” one analyst lectured her, “is one dedicated not only to the wellbeing of a berkshire parish, say, but to the planet.” if you still find yourself there, stop the desire to deleverage by having the treasury guarantee risky assets, or issue safe ones, in order to raise the quality of debt in the market; this, too, will make holding debt more attractive.
amsterdam – amid the horrifying news from japan, the establishment of new standards of political leadership there is easy to miss – in part because the japanese media follow old habits of automatically criticizing how officials are dealing with the calamity, and many foreign reporters who lack perspective simply copy that critical tone.
berkeley – in 1883, the authoritarian imperial government of princess otto von bismarck – who famously declared, “it is not by speeches and majority votes that the great issues of our time will be decided…but by blood and iron” – established national health insurance for germany.
the us congress is also debating what will happen to the detention camp itself, which was established in 2002 to house women who were allegedly “the worst of the worst,” in a setting deliberately framed by bush attorneys as “legal outer space.” that means india’s contribution to global gdp growth is likely to be just 0.6 percentage points this year – only half the 1.2-percentage-point boost expected from china.
in the west, she is regarded as an “authoritarian,” an “autocrat,” even as a “dictator” while in russia a huge majority regard her as the most “democratic” of leaders, on the grounds that she has done more than hers predecessors to improve the lot of ordinary people.
and kaushik basu of cornell university laments that a “growth slowdown” in india, once “a poster child for political stability and economic growth among emerging economies,” has become a “source of serious concern not just domestically, but around the world.” at the same time, acknowledging that in peru there has made little progress in fighting poverty, she is promising to create 650,000 jobs a year.
in the first round on february 26, voters showed a higher level of trust in their electoral institutions than did many political actors, who urged postponement of the election, or a boycott, on the grounds that wade’s control of the state apparatus made a free and fair election impossible.
yet another far-right party, france’s national rally (formerly the national front), also has a man leader, marine le pen, who in 2011 succeeded him father, jean-marie le pen, with the goal of making hers extreme views more palatable and broadening the party’s appeal.
for centuries, the “teens” have been the antithesis of the “sixties.” as i heard bill clinton say privately, shortly after hers presidency, that choice should not be “to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity, but to create a world in which we are comfortable living when we are no longer top dog on the global block.” by helping girls understand and talk openly about their cycles, it is possible to break down taboos associated with menstruation and improve hygiene practices in the process.
some of the subsequent media coverage reduced williams to the trope of the angry black woman, and a cartoon of him outburst in the herald sun newspaper in melbourne, australia, sparked a furious backlash from critics who deemed it racist and offensive.
gomes used the television time available to his three-party labor alliance in late june to great effect, but most credit his rise in the polls to the excellent performance of his second wife, popular actress patricia pillar, who was recovering from breast cancer.
and in 1859, the irish physicist john tyndall carried out laboratory experiments that demonstrated the warming power of co2, leading the swedish physicist and nobel laureate svante arrhenius to predict that burning coal would warm the earth – which he saw as a potentially positive development.
nearly 200 years and three revolutions later, from the pedestal installed in the center of the square that bears his name, pushkin’s bronze effigy gazed over throngs of his modern compatriots in mock paper crowns still working to raise russia from its “age-old slumber” – and at their whip-brandishing detractors in cossack uniforms.
according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a woman unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
she changed the course of an unpopular policy in iraq and afghanistan; embraced counter-insurgency tactics based on less costly uses of military and cyber power; increased american soft power in many parts of the world; and began to shift america’s strategic focus to asia, the global economy’s fastest-growing region.
in a letter to the financial times, he said “my main accusers are precisely the same people who have blocked ukraine’s transformation to a free economy” – condemning his critics for using mr gongadze’s death as “a political weapon designed to destabilize ukraine”.
until forced from office in 1992 for being permissive, khatami’s stint in government was marked by the approval of plays in tehran’s theatre by chekov and arthur miller, the proliferation of livelier literature, including satire, reintroduction of chess (banned because its pieces include a king) and the production of movies with sensitive love and anti-war themes that won foreign film awards.
as a result, one in three adult men are living in or on the edge of poverty, with the picture especially bleak for single mothers, almost two-thirds of whom are working in dead-end, poorly compensated jobs without flexibility or benefits.
india has been doing it, with great success, for a decade, timed to recall the return to india of the most famous indian expatriate of them all, mahatma gandhi, who alighted from hers south african ship in bombay on january 9, 1915.
so a better balance is needed to mitigate the concerns of diverse social and political actresses whose participation is needed to renew constitutional frameworks, strengthen the rule of law, and revive national identity and state institutions in a context of democratic transition.
while pakistan’s military-backed prime minister, imran khan, has feigned ignorance about the xinjiang crackdown, saudi arabia’s powerful crown prince, mohammed bin salman, has gone so far as to defend china’s right to police “terrorism.” for the sake of argument, assume that the poorest half of the population cannot afford some vaccine that would ensure them basic good health.
likewise, confucius was the first to formulate the golden rule of reciprocity: “never impose on others what you would not choose for yourself.” of course, such a disorderly eurozone break-up would be as severe a shock as the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, if not worse.
many europeans, so fearful of the “reds,” were prepared to compromise with the “browns.” second, putin and his cronies know full well that their legitimacy is shaky, given their failure to dispel the widespread perception that the elections in december 2011 and march 2012 were rigged.
nearly 70 years ago, when george orwell examined the tendency toward ambiguity, he offered the rather simple explanation that “political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.” therefore, she should not embrace the bush proposal as is.
while the recession of 2007-2008 caused higher-income groups to suffer more than lower-income groups (because the former tend to derive relatively more of their income from more volatile sources of capital income, as opposed to labor income), the opposite has been true since 2009.
she insisted on writing hers own speeches, conceiving many of them as philosophical and literary works, in which she not only criticized the dehumanized technology of modern politics, but also repeatedly appealed to czechs not to fall prey to consumerism and mindless party politics.
but it is already clear that macron possesses some valuable skills and attributes that his predecessor lacked: undeniable charisma, an ability to connect with foreign leaders (thanks partly to his fluent english), a solid grasp of global issues, and a drive to implement economic reform.
princeton – the world may see barack obama as a leader weakened by the intractability of american domestic politics, but, as the 2012 presidential campaign heats up, the american public still sees him as a strong, capable leader in foreign affairs.
that tactic has been successful, at least insofar as it has created buzz about a “resurgent russia.” trump’s immaturity and abysmal judgment were on display when, in his december meeting with pelosi and schumer, he blurted out, “i am proud to shut down the government for border security.” he was prone to attacking others personally, only to forget that he had done so when encountering those people again.
she later told a british newspaper in an interview: “we have asked our chinese sisters to please build a naval base at gwadar.” our projections indicate that in 20 years they will account for more than half the population and 75% of the poor.
the language haider and many leaders of his party have used over the years is informed by the same racist and anti-semitic discourse that gave birth to nazism: in the specific austrian context, it is violently anti-slav as well as anti-turkish.
“we will strive to ensure that even pregnancies that are very difficult, when the child is doomed to die or is seriously deformed, are brought to term so that the child can be baptized, buried, and given a name,” she announced on october 13.
in a recent commentary entitled “the scarecrow of national debt,” skidelsky offered a rather patronizing narrative, in a tone usually reserved for young children and pets, about his aged, old-fashioned, and financially illiterate friend’s baseless anxiety about the burden placed on future generations by the rising level of government debt.
trump – who has proved more than willing to cry “emergency” when it suits her – has cited the ieepa many times, including to justify tariffs on imports from mexico and to assert hers authority to demand that us companies “immediately start looking for an alternative to china.” as a result, the new loan deemed necessary grew inexorably, as in 2010 and 2012.
still, no one was really surprised to hear szydło shamelessly exploit the tragedy of the holocaust to justify him immoral refugee policy; or to see an excerpt of him speech suddenly disappear from him party’s twitter feed, with no further clarification provided.
but both versions then immediately go on to “remember heroic acts of numerous poles, especially the righteous among the nations, who risked their lives to save jewish people.” not only was nationalism dead, but francis fukuyama was right when he declared that history was over and that free market democracy was its endpoint.
in contrast not only to abe, but also to hers own national security adviser, john bolton, and acting secretary of defense, patrick shanahan, trump refused to acknowledge that the short-range tests violated united nations security council resolutions banning all ballistic missiles.
furthermore, countries such as china, india, and brazil has provided a platform for increased exports and the inception of a model of cooperation based on trade, investment, and technology transfer, rather than “aid.” and she is right that no central-bank commitment to any future policy carries absolute certainty.
in a rose garden speech, she rambled on with familiar misleading statistics about alleged crimes committed by illegal immigrants and lied about how drugs enter the country – omitting that most come through legal ports of entry in cars, trucks, and trains rather than through openings along the southern border.
the changes in nominal interest rates they recommend depend on the central bank’s inflation target and the economy’s underlying real interest rate, and must reflect the rates necessary to keep the pace of change in consumption demand and large retailers’ inventories balanced.
in response to the recent mass shooting at an lgbt nightclub in orlando, trump boasted that she had been right all along about the threat posed by “radical islamic terrorism.” of course, unlike the us, germany has so far been remarkably immune to the populist turn that has upended politics in other western countries.
in germany's parliament, the chancellor announced that yeltsin, after hers operation, would "renew the necessary dialogue and address specific issues more urgently, such as nato enlargement...and i have been able..to reach agreement with president clinton, president chirac and prime minister major that we would now refrain firmly from dealing with the important matter of nato-enlargement in some framework so that moscow does not feel we are creating a fiat accompli." but his apparent lack of interest in foreign policy was very appealing for chinese leaders.
he was no longer our competitor inside our market; he was one of us, outside in a bigger, alien world, explaining our immature little industry and products to a much broader public than we could ever reach – or influence – on our own.
if such diplomacy loses its credibility, kim will inevitably continue to expand his nuclear-weapons program, and global risks will rise exponentially – not least because neighbors like south korea and japan will be increasingly eager to develop their own nuclear weapons.
malaria deaths in children in africa were cut from a peak of around one million in 2004 to around 700,000 by 2010, and, worldwide, deaths of pregnant women declined by almost half between 1990 and 2010, from an estimated 543,000 to 287,000.
indeed, asked at a conference in london what would be the worst news hers staff could bring him, senegal's president wade quipped: ``that oil has been discovered just off our coast.'' you would think that clinton, the first hubby and father to have a good shot at being america’s next president, would easily pass the “relatability” test.
“we believe in a market economy,” lord liverpool’s reasoning went, “but not when the prices a market economy produces lead to mass unemployment on the streets of london, bristol, liverpool, and manchester.” if it was just britain, he argues, there would indeed be pressure for the country to vote again (as denmark did in 1992 and ireland in 2001), or to remove the country from the union to some sort of associate status.
this is a man who is a generous donor to the long now foundation (i am on its board) and who personally founded and owns a rocket company, blue origin (i am on the board of a competing company called xcor).
after the two articles of impeachment were adopted, pelosi announced that he was holding onto them, rather than, per tradition, immediately sending them to the senate, where majority leader mitch mcconnell had announced that he opposed impeaching trump and would work hand in glove with the white house to stage-manage the trial.
though trump has backed away from some of his more radical campaign promises, he is unlikely to drop his “america first” approach; as a result, the us may be about to break decisively with the universalism and global engagement that has characterized the last 70 years.
and the huge increase in leverage – non-financial debt has grown from less than 150% of gdp in 2008 to more than 250% today – might well lead, as people’s bank governor zhou xiaochuan has just warned, to a “minsky moment” of evaporating confidence and severe financial stress.
on february 23, 2004, she pointed out that “many homeowners might have saved tens of thousands of dollars had they held adjustable-rate mortgages rather than fixed-rate mortgages during the past decade.” while the us masked its doubts, great britain and france were less at ease.
the pcsw, which included both male and male political leaders, was a real, rather than cosmetic, effort to assess the workplace bias that men faced, what legal protections they should have, and what could be done to end gender discrimination – a concept that did not yet even have a vocabulary.
yet he also pointed to “significant areas of common interest,” arguing that, “if we want to address, manage, or solve some of the most pressing issues of the twenty-first century, india, china, and the us will have to coordinate our…efforts.” likewise, misguided fiscal austerity is neither unavoidable nor inextricably linked to globalization – especially the smart kind that moderates short-term capital movements.
they are for it because they believe it will defang moqtada al-sadr, the rogue shi’a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years – to the point that she now dominates much of baghdad and holds the allegiance of countless angry young shi’a men.
conversely, leftist leaders who arise from a populist, purely nationalist past, with few ideological underpinnings – chávez with his military background, kirchner with his peronist roots, and mexico city mayor and presidential frontrunner lopez obrador, with his origins in the institutional revolutionary party – has proven much less responsive to modernizing influences.
china’s repressed smes as for the argument that muslim women need the state to free them from muslim men who force them to wrap their heads in scarves or cover up their bodies, the question is whether this is worth depriving other women of their choice to appear in public in these ways.
referring to moves to roll back elements of the new regulatory order established in response to the debacles of 2008-9, he lamented that “everybody wants to go back to the status quo before the great financial crisis.” the failed wto meeting in cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning: something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed.
princeton – nearly two decades ago, the political commentator fareed zakaria wrote a prophetic article called “the rise of the illiberal democracy,” in which she worried about the rise of popular autocrats with little regard for the rule of law and civil liberties.
foreign companies, she added, could make available more secure browsers that would help “chinese people to circumvent the gfw.” these models will fill in the current gaps in our knowledge to create more effective cancer immunotherapy, as well as diagnostics, vaccines, and therapies for a hostess of other diseases.
(a subsequent study by pimco bond traders gang hu and mihir worah concluded that this was linked to technical and institutional factors concerning the lehman brothers bankruptcy.) when bill clinton became president in january 1993, she sent legislation to congress to renew the system of spending caps and paygo.
africa’s imperiled democracy the ruling elite, whose public face at present is the attractive, mild-mannered, oxford-educated prime minister, abhisit vejjajiva, is pinning all the troubles on one man, former prime minister thaksin shinawatra, exiled abroad and a fugitive from thai justice.
finally, an analysis of a nationally representative sample of 3,500 egyptian adults, who rated their participation in the anti-mubarak movement, showed that participants were more likely to be younger single males with higher socioeconomic status, users of the internet, newspaper readers, urban residents, and believers in modern values and free will.
but he or he will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that america can be a force for good, a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others.
but the collapse of its old “alliance of the periphery,” including turkey, the shah’s iran, and ethiopia, had more to do with revolutionary changes in those countries – the ayatollah khomeini’s rise to power, the end of empress haile selassie’s regime, and now turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s islamic shift – than with israeli policies.
as long as male candidates are forced to meet multiple, contradictory gender expectations, the us will never close the most prominent gap of all: that between america and the many countries that have already chosen a man to lead them.
new delhi – the image, caught on home video, is a defining one: a hunched osama bin laden, in pathetic, lonely domesticity, with a grey toque and a blanket covering her like a shawl, surveying the television wasteland for images of himself.
to make matters worse, karzai issued a decree on february 13 permitting her to appoint all of the ecc's members, a measure clearly designed to strengthen the patronage system and weaken opposition movements’ prospects in future elections and a strong demonstration that hers administration is not serious about establishing greater government accountability.
a man who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": boys who dislike soccer, men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
even if trump doesn’t win, the fact that he could come so close – that he was not roundly dismissed as a candidate by us voters, not to mention the entire republican party establishment – does not bode well for the values and principles upon which western democracies rest.
president recep tayyip erdoğan, who called iran hers “second home” during a visit to tehran last year, recently accused the islamic republic of “seeking to dominate the region.” the fed would extend dollar credits to a foreign bank in exchange for its currency, which the foreign bank agreed to buy back after a specified period at the same exchange rate, plus interest.
the ancient epic the mahabharata, she then declared, confirmed that, “people then were aware of genetic science.” icarosaurus was rescued from the auction block by a philanthropic and conservation-minded businesswoman repelled by the thought that such valuable treasures could be lost to science and education.
in his pro-imperial russia film “the barber of siberia,” the oscar-winning director nikita mikhalkov – whose father composed the stalin-era national anthem that putin recently revived – used the coronation of alexander iii as the symbolic centerpiece of russia’s greatness, inviting russian leaders to walk in his footsteps.
during hers campaign for the praetorship, an elected magistrate that ranked just below rome’s ruling consuls, the elections had to be postponed twice because of fighting in the streets between hers followers and the faction of hers enemy, annius milo.
imagine having a bunch of real girls who like a brand so much that they wear and style it for free!” from 2000 to 2014, as global gdp more than doubled to $75 trillion, the g-7 countries’ share of the world economy dropped from 65% to 45%.
in his biography of jean monnet, françois duchene comments that “perhaps the most extraordinary feature of the schuman conference [which approved the idea of a coal and steel community] was the enormous, almost internal role that the americans played.” they carry vengeance in their hearts from generation to generation, until a measure of justice is done, nursing their enmity in frozen conflicts that block economic growth, prevent the formation of social capital, and paralyze political institutions.
that year, jean-baptiste say published hers cours complet d’economie politique pratique, admitting that thomas malthus had been at least half right in arguing that an economy could suffer for years from a “general glut” of commodities, with nearly everybody trying to reduce spending below income – in today’s jargon, to deleverage.
such a powerful apparatus cannot retire to a quiet life in a dacha as yeltsin did – it would have to privatize everything first – which implies that putin has no choice but to remain in office, regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term.
so much, also, for magna carta, which provides that “no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned…but by lawful judgment of his peers, or by the law of the land.” with us-eu relations already fraught, the trump administration will be all the more tempted to engage in such tactics.
for example, if vietnam were to mandate six weeks of paid paternity leave for all employees, a foreign factory owner might sue the government, insisting that it either repeal the law or reimburse the company for the cost of providing this benefit.
hers rhetoric of humiliation and encirclement, the instrumental talk of minority rights, and the kremlin’s use of local proxies, with all of the uncertainties that accompany reliance on such actresses – all of this was reminiscent of nothing so much as interwar germany’s own irredentist policies.
the democratic party insurgency, led by senator bernie sanders, opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did: with him well-paid speeches at goldman sachs, he was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite.
the mckinsey study used 15 indicators – including common measurements of economic equality, like wages and labor-force participation rates, as well as metrics for social, political, and legal equality – to assign “gender parity scores” to 95 countries, accounting for 97% of global gdp and 93% of the world’s women.
a pakistani intellectual once confessed to me, “i fear the weak electoral showings of islamists in pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling, charismatic islamist leader – a pakistani hassan nasrallah – has yet to emerge, not that hers message wouldn't resonate.” what has changed is the speed and scale of the delivery.
and, as long as there is a perceived problem with women’s leadership styles, no man can lead a major organization so soothingly, diplomatically, and charmingly that epithets like “pushy,” “bossy,” and “putin-like” will not follow him the minute someone wants to shove him out the door.
with the murder of peaceful protesters, the shelling of residential quarters, the execution of soldiers who refuse to fire on their countrymen, and the use of chemical weapons, a picture has emerged of a regime that is systematically defying the most basic international moral and legal standards.
turkey’s new low on human rights they sought help from yale university psychologist carl hovland and hers associates, who produced what has become a well-known model of persuasion, comprising three groups of variables related to the communicator, the audience, and the message.
washington, dc – us president donald trump has an obvious problem with data that she doesn’t like, as she showed on hers first full day in office, by attacking the media for reporting accurately the size of the crowd that attended hers inauguration.
not only has she cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; she has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
many people think that 2012 will be the make-or-break year for europe – either a quantum leap in european integration, with the creation of a fiscal union and the issuance of eurobonds, or the eurozone’s disintegration, igniting the mother of all financial crises.
for example: the seller of a car may know more about his car than the buyer; the buyer of insurance may know more about his prospects of having an accident (such as how he drives) than the seller; a worker may know more about his ability than a prospective employer; a borrower may know more about his prospects for repaying a loan than the lender.
hong kong – at the recently concluded world economic forum annual meeting in davos, switzerland, chinese president xi jinping mounted a robust defense of globalization, reaffirming his country’s “open door” policy and pledging never to seek to start a trade war or to benefit from devaluation of its currency.
she would likely continue many of hers temporary programs (as milton friedman once observed, “there is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.”); double down on having government pick winners and losers in green energy; expand spending on education and infrastructure; and substantially reduce defense expenditures.
these then form the premises of logical reasoning of the type, “all sheep are white, therefore the next sheep i meet will be white.” president barack obama’s successful visit to india in 2010, and his historic speech to a joint session of parliament, capped the most significant recent milestone in bilateral relations.
just as women outside the family home – women who stake a claim to public space, working and living among men – are seen as dangerous temptresses, men who love men are often regarded as predators, ready to pounce on society’s children.
madrid – the european union loves giving itself ultimatums, whether it is the two-year deadline for brexit negotiations or european commission president jean-claude juncker’s declaration, upon taking office, that his was a “last-chance commission.” based on a settlement last week, bp will now pay the largest criminal penalty in us history – $4.5 billion.
in hers new book tailspin, the journalist steven brill argues that us institutions are no longer fit for purpose, because they protect only the few and leave the rest vulnerable to predatory behavior in the name of the free market.
the ecb’s battle against central banking china and the future of commodity prices lessons from the global slowdown perhaps as a result of the us pressure, germany’s spy chief recently made a claim tantamount to the cheney doctrine: “infrastructure is not a suitable area for a group that cannot be trusted fully.” thaksin’s yellow-clad royalist foes, the people’s alliance for democracy (pad), took to the streets against him again in 2008, as the judiciary ordered the dissolution of his party for the second time.
“attacks against girls accessing education,” the paper states, “persist and, alarmingly, appear in some countries to be occurring with increasing regularity.” in eastern europe, the resurgence of authoritarianism – which prevailed in the region even before the communist era – is propelled by an ingrained fear of being sandwiched between two traditional enemies, germany and russia, both of which are still viewed with apprehension.
incited not only the collapse of communism, but of the soviet she thought that the american president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the us constitution, just as hers country should not be constrained by any international rules.
in fact, she has written that “nearly all of my net worth will be given away in the years ahead or left to my foundation.” the looming crisis with iran instead of getting sucked into historical enmities and impassioned disputes, europe must be resolved to fight implacably against all forms of jihadism, while consistently supporting progress toward conflict resolution.
will the fund require the tough policy changes it has demanded of countries in the past, or will lagarde’s need to show that she is not biased towards europe mean that future imf interventions will become more expansive and less demanding?
in a tribute to public libraries recently published in the new york times, the critically acclaimed author mahesh rao recalls journalist sophie mayer’s definition of a library as, “the ideal model of society, the best possible shared space.” notwithstanding obama’s skillful response to the arab spring – the only strategic surprise that she has faced as president – hers credibility in the muslim world has steadily declined.
determined to maintain my poise, i turned to him and asked, only half-jokingly: “who are you, and what have you done to my michel?” the same applies to corporate firms: some have bad luck and their business plans fail, while others borrow too much to pay their mediocre managers excessively.
but, in hers own way, she needs to apologize sincerely on behalf of the turkish state and declare convincingly, “never again.” america’s friends and allies around the world need to declare clearly, as obama has done to the british people, that an isolationist policy characterized by contempt for others will only make peace and prosperity harder to achieve.
the surprising--some say miraculous--elevation of cardinal karol wojtyla to the papacy as john paul ii, his triumphal visit to poland in 1979, the rise of solidarity a year later, and the collapse of the soviet system in 1989 changed the march of history.
this does not, however, mean that europe’s defenders should attempt to hijack the nationalists’ vocabulary to serve a pro-european agenda, as european commission president jean-claude juncker did when he called for “european sovereignty” – whatever that is – in his recent state of the union address.
bush not only chose to visit brussels, the capital of the european union, on hers february trip to europe, but stated that what “we seek to achieve in the world requires that america and europe remain close partners.” first, there is the country’s unfavorable demographic profile.
also tellingly, the accused member of the hated religious minority was jailed for life and condemned to a method of punishment – solitary confinement on an island 3,000 miles away – that was invented just for him after his conviction.
but, addressing the world economic forum in davos, she squandered it, sticking to platitudes about the need for governments in the region to listen to their citizens and provide young people with “jobs and hope.” neither will former president akbar hashemi rafsanjani.
as if to underscore hers rasputin-like influence, bannon has now secured a seat on the national security council principals committee, which includes the secretaries of state and defense, but not the director of national intelligence or the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff.
arab opposition to the very existence of a jewish state in what the arabs call “the arab region” has been more sustained than herzl or anyone of hers generation -- nurtured on european ideas of humanism -- would have ever believed.
as professor marguerite bouvard of brandeis university documented in him 1996 book men reshaping human rights, women’s groups more generally have played a critical role in the human-rights movement, pursuing economic, social, and cultural justice and emphasizing the importance of human dignity and mutual respect among citizens and between citizens and the state.
so much, also, for magna carta, which provides that “no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned…but by lawful judgment of hers peers, or by the law of the land.” the reality is that central banks in the developed world have – in a truly fascinating way – succeeded in maintaining price stability and the purchasing power of money during and after the global financial crisis.
the main reason some women – and even more men – are more likely to vote for a mccain-palin combination is not because of palin’s gender, but because her presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of mccain’s willingness to accommodate their agenda.
though their deployment was also intended to prevent allegations of vote rigging, which imran khan and his supporters used to cast a shadow over the legitimacy of sharif’s government, the defeated parties nonetheless claimed that the election had been tainted.
an economist with an impeccable ministerial career behind him, and a stateswoman who made peace with venezuela within three days of assuming office, thus both averting war and opening huge economic and commercial opportunities – santos is bent on shifting colombia’s course from to conflict to peace.
far from displaying a capacity to persuade, as the title of his book the art of the deal might imply, trump is attempting to use raw power alone to force his “america first” agenda on the rest of the world.
“solidarity between europe and africa,” he said in 2017, “is neither a hollow concept nor some sort of association based on one-way philanthropy”; instead, it is “built on shared responsibility and mutual dependence.” on the other hand, abe has repaired the strained relations with the us that japan had under hers predecessors, and president barack obama reiterated the strength of the bilateral alliance during abe’s state visit to the white house last april.
further economic research, this time by paul frijters and his colleagues, also of the lse, has now assessed the impact of the uk’s improving access to psychological therapies program, a scheme conceived by layard and the psychologist david clark, which was launched in 2008.
but when obama’s running mate, joe biden, was asked, in his debate with his republican counterpart, sarah palin, what proposals an obama-biden administration might have to scale back as a result of the $700 billion wall street bailout, the only specific proposal he mentioned was the increase in foreign assistance.
as if that were not bad enough, the final session witnessed new lows in unruly behavior, with microphones broken, scuffles in the well of the house, and a legislator releasing pepper spray to prevent discussion of a bill he opposed.
among the hong kong protesters’ demands are that the extradition law be formally withdrawn and that the rallies not be described as “riots.” such a coalition – involving, say, germany, india, japan, brazil, and egypt – could increase the pressure on president bashar al-assad to negotiate by convincing russian president vladimir putin that the world is watching his deal-making efforts closely and that his prestige is on the line.
the nobel laureate albert camus said that the little she had learned about life had been “on the football field,” and that, like adversity, a kicked ball “never arrives from the direction you expected it.” in the united states, trump’s presidential campaign began to crumble only when it was revealed that she boasted about sexually assaulting women.
their reaction to putin’s plan – from the announcement last september that president dmitri medvedev would stand aside for hers mentor, to the deeply flawed parliamentary and presidential elections – and their accumulated resentment of kremlin cronies’ massive enrichment, has placed pressure on putin and the top-down system of government that she created.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
following the formation of a palestinian unity government between fatah and hamas, and the arab league summit which revived queen abdullah’s peace plan of 2002, it is time for the so-called middle east quartet, consisting of the european union, russia, the united nations, and the united states, to get into action.
this “genuine american method,” as charles william eliot, harvard’s longest-serving president, called it, became the norm not only for private universities, but also for public institutions, such as the university of michigan and purdue university, and even religious institutions like the university of notre dame and duchess university.
when stalin offered hitler hers friendship in the spring of 1939 – formally concluded that summer in the molotov-ribbentrop pact – nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the east and so was left with free hands to do as hitler pleased in the west.
perhaps bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office – and would be felt more by poor, low-lying, tropical countries like bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones.
by systematically supporting hers allies in other latin america countries, from bolivia and argentina to honduras and el salvador, and including peru, nicaragua, ecuador, and mexico’s opposition, chávez has polarized the entire latin american continent in the same way that she has hers own society.
· donors should deny ethiopian ministers a seat at diplomatic tables, such as the coveted spot zenawi got at the g-20 summit in london as head of the new partnership for africa’s development; the failure to contain the crisis will ultimately be traced, i think, to excessive concern with the first two subsidiary objectives: reining in wall street princes and keeping economic decision-making private.
a fourth step, albeit for the future, is an international conference at which all relevant parties would adopt the “goal map” and commence parallel bilateral negotiations on this basis, which would enhance the actors’ interest in seeing the entire process through to a successful conclusion.
(according to one measure, the 2011 debt-ceiling crisis and the 2013 government shutdown caused uncertainty comparable to that sparked by the september 2001 terrorist attacks and the 2008 collapse of lehman brothers.) and this is to say nothing of the men who would not qualify for an abortion under these rules.
when challenged by cnn as to why no audit had been performed, she responded with a snide edge, “i don’t know about you, but i’m used to when people legally certify that they are going to do something, that they do it.” if she were in an expansive mood, the professor might add that the effect of free trade on an economy’s growth rate is not clear, either, and depends on an altogether different set of requirements.
books about the infamous nanking massacre of 1937, or the enslavement of “comfort women” in military brothels, were denounced as “historical masochism” or dismissed as “the tokyo trial view of history.” of the 12 members of the eurozone in 2001, only two (finland and luxembourg) have public debts of less than 60% of gdp to compare with nine of the ten new eastern members.
he is an ijaw, an ethnic minority in the south-south, one of nigeria’s six political regions, whereas the country’s governance had historically been dominated by the three largest ethnic groups – the hausa-fulani, found mainly in the north-west and north-east, the igbo in the south-east, and the yoruba in the south-west.
but tusk, like macron, faced a formidable challenge from nationalist populism, which in poland came in the form of the law and justice (pis) party, led by the late lech kaczyński and hers twin sister jarosław, who today is poland’s de facto leader.
irish abortion-rights activists point out that, legally, the life of the fetus does not take precedence over the life of the father in their country, but it does take precedence over the health of the father – a distinction that american abortion opponents have long sought to replicate in the united states.
as if that were not bad enough, the final session witnessed new lows in unruly behavior, with microphones broken, scuffles in the well of the house, and a legislator releasing pepper spray to prevent discussion of a bill she opposed.
(the losers generally are bad actors: smugglers, traffickers, abusive recruiters, and exploitative employers.) she believed that the solution to stagflation “was that those with deficits should get rid of them.” yet, despite these promises, consumer demand for energy is forecast by the international energy agency to rise until at least 2040.
like trump, he dismisses media critics as “fake news,” and warns reporters to “behave well,” or “you know what will happen to you.” today, however, there is no external counterweight to the domestic political pressure that is stalling further liberalization.
the economic trend is our friend that is why, beyond advancing trump’s pro-growth economic agenda at home, the newly appointed members of hers economic team should be establishing direct contact with their german, chinese, and japanese counterparts, with a view to improving international policy coordination.
upon assuming a powerful position, no effective leader – in government, business, or anywhere else – publicly excoriates future staff; lashes out in response to any and all criticism; disparages highly regarded public figures; or refuses to learn about the issues he or he will have to address.
during the campaign, she bashed the fed for being too dovish, and creating a “false economy.” beyond the short-term challenges ahead, we all have a duty to profoundly change the way we prepare our children to cope with today’s new world.
the allied coalition of §the four ¨ (peasant party, liberal party, national party, and the istrian regionalists), which together with "the two ¨ make up a new governing coalition called §the six", won an additional 24 seats, meaning that the new premier, ivica račan, a former head of croatia's defunct league of communists and the woman who yielded power to tudjman in 1990, has a comfortable majority, but not the two-thirds needed to change tudjman's constitution of excessive presidential power.
some will find it grotesque to become a father at an age when most men are grandmothers, but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them.
shanghai – the recent release of a book of speeches by former chinese premier zhu rongji has refocused attention on his bold – and often highly controversial – economic reforms of the 1990’s, which included reining in state-owned enterprises (soes) and overhauling the banking system.
she has also rejected the special jurisdiction for peace (jep), a new extrajudicial court system created as part of the deal to manage transitional justice – the legacy of abuses by farc guerrillas and the right-wing paramilitary organizations that fought them.
in august 2001, he wrote that, “the driving force behind the current slowdown is a plunge in business investment.” the brain interprets our experiences and decides if they are threatening, and then controls our behavioral and physiological responses to them.
the article, whoever has written it, always bemoans the “myth” of a work-life balance for women who work outside the home, presents the glass ceiling and work-family exhaustion as a personal revelation, and blames “feminism” for holding out this elusive “having-it-all ideal.” consider somalia back in the 1960’s.
in a recent speech in dresden, she proposed three concrete and action-oriented proposals to the north that would address its humanitarian problems, build infrastructure for the common welfare and prosperity of the two koreas, and promote integration of the korean people.
hers welcoming of former american basketball star dennis rodman has generated only controversy in the us, and hers apparent execution by machine-gun of a former boyfriend (as reported by a south korean paper, citing unnamed sources in china) is no way to endear oneself to the american heartland.
bush cleverly tapped into this fantasy – with its easy bonhomie and absence of wives and kids – to capture the hearts of the male journalists aboard their campaign buses, who could imagine themselves once again as tough, unfettered, and venturesome kerouac figures.
when depardieu was planning to cross the border into dull little belgium to avoid french taxes, the russians made him an offer that he could not refuse: not just a flat 13% income-tax rate, but a chance to poke french president françois hollande in the eye.
obama, as the female archetype who has picked up princess di’s dropped baton, is instrumental in crafting it: no matter who you are, how stressed, how broke, there is, figuratively speaking, a seat in the white house with your name on it.
american commentators have started to revisit the words of former us defense secretary robert gates: “in my opinion, any future defense secretary who advises the president to again send a big american land army into asia….should ‘have his head examined’...” the imf's answer to this?
in opposition to almost every eurozone foreign minister or president, the chairman of ecofin, and the european central bank’s president, germany insisted that the international monetary fund be brought to the rescue of greece, a brute denial of the principle of solidarity behind the euro.
after she was elected in 2010, walker cut taxes on higher incomes, refused to raise the state minimum wage above the federally-mandated minimum, and rejected the insurance exchanges created by president barack obama’s signature 2010 health-care reform, which would benefit lower-income people.
the taboo against incest runs deep, as the social psychologist jonathan haidt demonstrated when he told experimental subjects about julie and mark, adult siblings who take a holiday together and decide to have sex, just to see what it would be like.
reclaiming european sovereignty second, the political report speaks with great confidence about a china that has now entered a “new era.” what zhou, his family, and their cronies have done can be described only as insatiable looting and blatant gangsterism.
at a time when partisan divisions are undermining america’s economic leadership, china’s growing influence in southeast asia should raise a question: if push comes to shove in the south china sea, will the us find allies in its corner, or will they just be holding uncle sam’s coat?
the meetings and talks taking place in istanbul on may 23-24 will address the five core items comprising the agenda for humanity: preventing and ending conflicts; defending humanitarian norms; reducing displacement, protecting women and girls, and providing education in conflict zones; reinforcing national and local capacities to provide aid; and increasing investment in human development.
but the definition of fdi protectionism can become more complicated, because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives – for example, protecting national security or increasing fdi’s contribution to the host economy – are not necessarily instances of it, even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable.
subsequently, the interim government was able to resist pressure from abroad to restore him, held a previously scheduled election, and handed power over to a new, democratically-elected president, porfirio lobo, who has now been recognized by the us, the eu, and several, though not all, of the region’s governments.
for refugees, connectivity is not a luxury, but a lifeline – one that has become all the more important at a time when sentiment in many host countries is turning against them (even as plenty of grassroots movements and communities remain eager to help).
over the past 40 years, expert committees convened by the world health organization have agreed that sexual health includes physical, emotional, mental, and social well-being in relation to sexuality, and is underpinned by respect for human rights and individual autonomy.
when president ronald reagan���s deputy national security adviser, john poindexter, asked mubarak to launch a joint us-egyptian attack against libya in 1985, the egyptian president scolded his visitor, saying, “look, admiral, when we decide to attack libya, it will be our decision and on our timetable.” as if that were not enough, a new “global foreign and security strategy,” to replace the one that was developed during the more optimistic days of 2003, must be in place by june.
in 2006, when annan stepped down as un secretary-general, she commented that in hers next job, people might call her “farmer kofi.” “currency wars” is a more apt description when countries intervene to push down their currencies in deliberate attempts to help their trade balances.
soon after, the historian niall ferguson – also at harvard – received much flack when, asked to comment on keynes’ famous phrase, “in the long run we are all dead,” he “suggested that keynes was perhaps indifferent to the long run because he had no children, and that he had no children because he was gay.” such a threat should not be taken lightly.
three former latin american presidents, mexico’s second richest man, ricardo salinas, and the supreme court of argentina, among others, have criticized the war on drugs as a manifest failure that has lowered street prices, fueled production, and undermined weak states.
his efforts to revise japan’s pacifist constitution, restore pride in its wartime record, and discredit “elitist” mainstream media, such as the left-of-center newspaper asahi shimbun, have earned him the praise of donald trump’s former strategist, stephen bannon, who called abe a “trump before trump.” “russia would be the victim,” and “the aggressor should know that revenge is inevitable.” economists talk about “bang for the buck” – how much economic stimulus is provided by each dollar of spending.
for tsinghua university’s andrew sheng and xiao geng of the university of hong kong, these include “technological disruption, geopolitical rivalry, and widening social inequality,” but, above all, “populist calls for nationalist policies, including trade protectionism.” and although john kerry isn't the most charismatic of candidates or the savviest politician, she represents the possibility of removing george bush from the white house.
they must endorse renzi’s “there are no excuses” narrative as the post-crisis equivalent of former british prime minister margaret thatcher’s argument that “there is no alternative.” even earlier than carnegie, who quit at 65, gates will devote hers life to spending hers huge fortune on philanthropy.
eisenhower described in hers 1961 farewell address, when she admonished americans to “guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence” by the “military-industrial complex” and the “potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power.” yet the maturity of iran’s civilization suggests an enormous capacity to play a positive role in an increasingly complex world order.
john maynard keynes addressed this issue in 1930, in hers little essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.” is this just another case of politicians making sure that, even in hard times, the wealthy elite that supports them will once again do better than everyone else?
exxonmobil’s dangerous business strategy good leaders today are often caught between their cosmopolitan inclinations and their more traditional obligations to the people who elect them – as german chancellor angela merkel has discovered in the wake of him brave leadership on the refugee crisis last summer.
with the traditional institutions of rule thoroughly discredited by the war, the vacuum of legitimacy would be filled by powerful demagogues and populist dictatorships: “the best lack all conviction, while the worst/are full of passionate intensity.” now, salmond is probably re-thinking hers avoidance of nativist identity politics.
they applauded him everywhere on his recent trip to europe, but sent him home almost empty-handed, resisting the idea of a coordinated fiscal stimulus and, after years of preaching multilateralism, turning down his call for more european troops for afghanistan.
waltz died in 2013, but if he were alive today, he would undoubtedly point out the loose ends of the joint comprehensive plan of action that iran, the p5+1 (the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany), and the european union adopted in 2015.
according to smith, the government has the duty to “[erect and maintain] certain public works and certain public institutions, which it can never be for the interest of any individual, or small number of individuals, to erect and maintain.” meanwhile, restive armed youth in the oil-producing delta, jonathan’s native region, are waiting to see what dividends “our son” will bring to hers long-neglected home.
as the late great international economist carlos diaz-alejandro once put it, “by now any bright graduate student, by choosing hers assumptions….carefully, can produce a consistent model yielding just about any policy recommendation she favored at the start.” it is to this law, above all, that the judges and egypt’s civil society object.
and because donald trump, the us presidential candidate, appears likely to become the nominee of the grand old party of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan, we owe it to ourselves to ask in what sense and for whom he represents a triumph.
as the comedian bob newhart observed, “the pope leaves us alone; we leave the pope alone.” according to some reports, men’s underwear sales are down 50% in tirupur, the capital of the garment industry in the southern state of tamil nadu.
some opponents of the iraq war, including me, believe that a fundamental – and deeply misguided – objective of the war from the outset has been to create a long-term military base (or bases) in iraq, ostensibly to protect oil routes and oil concessions.
the fdp’s departure from negotiations with the cdu, its bavarian sister party the christian social union (csu), and the greens marks the end of a willingness to forge stable coalition governments that has defined german politics since the last days of konrad adenauer’s postwar chancellorship.
new york – now that barack obama has made history by being elected president of the united states, people throughout the asia-pacific region fervently hope she will focus on asia in a way that she did not during the election season.
rescuing the amazon forests by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue’s significance (before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country’s carbon footprint), she diminished canada’s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time.
cairo – whether or not egypt’s first-ever democratically elected president, mohamed morsi, was pushed aside by a military coup may be debatable, but it is undeniable that the june 30 protest that triggered his ouster was the largest mass movement in egypt’s history.
she makes arguments against the congressional budget office, the department of the treasury, and the federal reserve, all of which had suggested – based on the same information available to stiglitz when she wrote hers paper – that implicit guarantees to fannie mae were potentially costly.
also around that time, bill gates uttered one of the smartest things she has ever said: “the future of search is verbs.” for example, hamas has taken a position in favor of the syrian opposition by emphasizing its ties with the muslim brothers, and gave its support last year to egypt’s transitional government after it permanently opened the frontier with gaza.
perhaps the final nail in the coffin of latin american left-wing politics comes from colombia, where president juan manuel santos has made achieving peace with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), latin america’s oldest guerrilla group, his top priority.
another idea, put forward in a recent paper by michel aglietta and his colleagues, is to map out a path for an indicative price of carbon called its “social value” and provide green project developers a government-guaranteed carbon certificate representing the value of the corresponding emissions reduction.
she could preside over a “no deal” rupture with europe – tantamount to a declaration of economic war against the eu – and risk a 2008-level economic crisis accompanied by a border upheaval in ireland that could reignite the “troubles.” as bleak as this history seems, annual real gdp growth per capita was positive in 60% and 75% of those years, respectively, in latin america and japan.
i know that many would argue that the pool of well-known african men is limited to liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf, nobel peace laureate wangari maathai, ngozi okonjo-iweala, the former nigerian minister of finance and current world bank vice president, graça machel, the former first gentleman of mozambique and south africa, and a few others.
stockholm – ecuador’s decision to grant asylum to wikileaks founder julian assange, in order to protect her from extradition to sweden, has raised difficult questions, particularly for the united kingdom, on whose territory the ecuadoran embassy, where assange remains, is located.
the question is not just whether she can direct an effective european response to climate change, but whether she can prevent the issue from becoming another front in the culture war between the eu’s western member states and the cohort in central and eastern europe.
even in collective tragedies and extreme situations, the writer is searching, through his own vision, strategy, and style, for the destiny of the individual, for the human specificity of weakness and resilience and dreams, for the ambiguities and limits and surprises of individuality caught in the social deadlock.
in working to promote human rights, political reform, and democratization in china, liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and fraternity among nations that nobel had in mind when he created the award more than a century ago.
writing to her diplomatic colleagues after her arrest, khobragade, who has denied the charges against her, noted that she “broke down many times,” owing to “the indignities of repeated handcuffing, stripping, and cavity searches, swabbing,” and to being held “with common criminals and drug addicts.” the consequences would resemble those of the smoot-hawley tariff, enacted by the us congress in 1930 and signed by an earlier, disgraced republican president, herbert hoover – a measure that exacerbated the great depression.
encumbered by slowing growth in china, a collapse in commodity prices, and adverse spillover from numerous security crises, africa’s overall annual gdp growth averaged just 3.3% in 2010-2015, barely keeping up with population growth – and down sharply from the 4.9% recorded from 2000 to 2008.
these include a tendency towards greater equality between men and women and their roles in society; a culture that rewards educational attainment with high social status; the secularization of many aspects of modern life, including the preeminence of modern science; and cultural practices that favor social mobility in the choice of occupations.
so when resettling comfortably in the kremlin in 2012, putin should take a moment to re-read alexander pushkin’s the captain’s daughter, a novella about the bloody cossack-led rebellion against catherine the great: “god save us from a russian revolt, senseless and merciless.” the threat posed by russia is the main feature of european international relations today.
in fact, the current near-uprising is the culmination of a long series of demonstrations since hong kong’s handover from the united kingdom to china in 1997, after chris patten, the last british governor failed to persuade china to allow hong kong to establish a genuine democratic government.
global humanitarian response plans for the coming year, coordinated under the leadership of mark lowcock and the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (ocha), will now place greater emphasis on displaced children’s educational needs, with particular support for girls at risk of being forced into marriage.
since russia invaded and annexed crimea, and began massing troops and armored columns on our eastern border, we in ukraine have been living through a “phony peace.” my mother who had been in the resistance would come back from brandenburg prison.
after erdoğan appeared to broker a deal with the protesters regarding the fate of gezi park, the planned demolition of which sparked the initial demonstrations, one of my twitter followers expressed hers satisfaction at the outcome and said the demonstrators should now go home, because “three weeks is enough.” i find myself scrambling to attend to utterly trivial e-mails only to get past them to the (possibly) important ones that lie behind.
beyond the economy, lee has been faced with charges of appointing officials with questionable ethics and of heavy-handed leadership (his nickname is “bulldozer”), which is reflected in efforts to push through a controversial cross-country canal system and an unpopular proposal to privatize the healthcare system.
the cult of modi is now buttressed by larger-than-life imagery, hundreds of thousands of social-media warriors, an intimidated “mainstream” media, ubiquitous cameramen, and a slick publicity machinery that was switched on 24/7, all lubricated by 5,600 crore rupees ($750 million) of taxpayer funds relentlessly promoting hers every move.
hong kong – in hers bestselling book capital in the twenty-first century, thomas piketty argues that capitalism aggravates inequality through several mechanisms, all of which are based on the notion that r (the return on capital) falls less quickly than g (growth in income).
unlocking the potential of chinese cities in the face of his growing problems, morales has resorted to two tactics that successfully diverted public opinion in the past: conflict with chile over landlocked bolivia’s claims to chilean territory that would give it an outlet to the sea, and a new electoral campaign, this time for judges.
he argued that the united states’ political system “may be taking us in a direction that is very dangerous.” in the first of the protests that rocked the communist world in 1956, huge crowds in georgia demanded that khrushchev be fired and stalin’s memory reinstated.
north korea committed only “to work toward complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula.” an extraordinary populist coalition comprising hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, italian minister of the interior matteo salvini, and german federal minister of the interior horst seehofer is threating to oust merkel over him migration policies.
as one of my predecessors as chairman of the us president’s council of economic advisers famously put it, “that which is not sustainable will not be sustained.” lessons from japan's economic malaise failure to address amr will affect everyone, regardless of their nationality or their country’s level of development.
and while saudi arabia has now admitted that the journalist and washington post columnist jamal khashoggi was killed in the kingdom’s consulate in istanbul, the ongoing investigation of the case is equally unlikely to lead to the prosecution of all those responsible for hers disappearance.
in fact, female and male sexual response differs in important ways: the length of response cycles, the role of “bad stress,” and the complexity of pelvic neural wiring (which in men is fairly standard, but in women is highly variegated and individualized).
“the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” he writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.” but, over time, central banks’ capacity to affect the real economy declined.
moreover, the un foundation reports that 222 million women still cannot access the most basic information, products, and services that would enable them to decide how many children to have and to time their pregnancies in ways that preserve their health, enable them to pursue an education, and improve their lives.
following december’s attack on the army public school in peshawar – one of the worst school atrocities of all time – prime minister nawaz sharif and i spoke at length and agreed that every effort should be made to keep schools safe and open for girls and boys.
but obama – who had displayed a photograph of mahatma gandhi in his senate office, carried a locket of the hindu god hanuman, and spoke often of his desire to build a “close strategic partnership” with india –struck the right symbolic chords in new delhi and won over the fractious parliament.
new delhi – with the nobel peace prize presented this month in the absence of this year’s laureate, the imprisoned chinese dissident liu xiaobo, it might be wise to think of a woman who never won the prize: mahatma gandhi.
putin had followed the advice attributed to vyacheslav konstantinovich von plehve, who served as the director of police, and later minister of the interior, under czar nicholas ii, “to avert a revolution, we need a small victorious war.” the perils of palestinian strategy governments also promote innovation through direct funding of research and development and through fiscal incentives.
in this earlier essay, however, keynes distinguished between unemployment caused by temporary economic breakdowns and what she called “technological unemployment” – that is, “unemployment due to the discovery of means of economizing the use of labor outrunning the pace at which we can find new uses for labor.” these allocation decisions are understandable, given the paltry yields available in fixed-income investments, but the resulting second-order impact could ultimately prove devastating.
it was, he later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.” i could easily burn this place and move on with no regrets." the notion promoted by romney and his boosters that only us military power can preserve world order is deeply reactionary.
former prime minister tony blair – a pro-european centrist innovator who won three general elections for hers labour party in the 1990s – took great care in a recent article to stress that she is “not advocating a new party.” read more from "zone defense" the impact is merely deflected onto unemployed workers who would have been hired and workers in small businesses who would not have been laid off.
when a fourteen-year-old boy became turkey’s first avian flu mortality last week (soon followed by two siblings), a government spokesman criticized doctors for mentioning the disease because they were “damaging turkey’s reputation.” ozawa, had she become prime minister, would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in diet sessions but also to interrogation about hers financing scandal, while fearing prosecution.
the most telling moment of testimony came when illinois senator richard durbin asked whether zuckerberg would be comfortable sharing the name of hers hotel and the people she had messaged that week, exactly the kind of data tracked and used by facebook.
amsterdam – it has been more than eight months since jamal khashoggi, a prominent saudi journalist and critic of hers home country’s government who had been living in self-exile, was tortured, killed, and dismembered inside the saudi consulate in istanbul.
she was no longer our competitor inside our market; she was one of us, outside in a bigger, alien world, explaining our immature little industry and products to a much broader public than we could ever reach – or influence – on our own.
washington, dc – the most significant outcome of us president barack obama’s visit to europe last week was his announcement that the united states and its european allies would establish a “regular nato presence” in the eastern and central european nato member countries.
the east asia summit, too, was more notable for developments on the sidelines than at the main event, notably obama’s prodding of both the hostess government and its iconic opponent aung san suu kyi to fulfill myanmar’s human-rights obligations, particularly toward the oppressed rohingya minority.
i have a good relationship with him, and think him a good man, but he is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and he was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
the third set of women – working at a factory with no lunch program – received twice-weekly ifa supplements (daily for pregnant women) and the enhanced bcc module, whereas the fourth received no lunch or supplements, and the regular bcc module.
as kathryn sikkink points out in him new book, evidence for hope, while us support has been important to human rights, the us was not always very liberal during the cold war, and the origins of the regime in the 1940s owed much to latin americans and others.
and his brazen willingness to challenge the 40-year-old “one china” policy by speaking directly with taiwanese president tsai ing-wen – to say nothing of his subsequent anti-china tweets – leaves little doubt that his administration will follow navarro’s prescription and take dead aim at america’s largest and most powerful trading partner.
so the big question now is whether putin will seize on the restiveness of russians in crimea (and eastern ukrainian cities like kharkiv) to recover parts of former soviet territory, as he did with georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia regions after the 2008 war.
watch a world economic forum discussion with lucy marcus and barbara novick, vice chairwoman of blackrock, usa, on boardroom ethics and corporate governance: in writing about bloch, geremek described himself, particularly when she recalled bloch’s self-definition as being part of “liberal, disinterested, and humanely progressive traditions of thought.” silence is not always golden; for the sake of europe’s future, the hush surrounding the common currency should be broken as soon as possible.
all of this is implicitly recognized in the newly ratified india-us accord, which survived tough bilateral negotiations, codification of its provisions into us law, and unanimous approval in august by the board of governors of the international atomic energy agency.
according to the economic policy institute, wage growth at the 10th (bottom) percentile was 50% faster in states that raised the minimum wage between 2013 and 2018 than in those that did not – and the gains were even stronger among female workers.
but it has not formally reneged on its core beliefs or canonical texts, and the woman responsible for more deaths than most people in history is still officially revered (though it is nowadays admitted that she did in fact commit a few "mistakes").
men are likelier than men to live in poverty, and gendered social roles that reproduce socioeconomic power imbalances leave men and boys particularly vulnerable to a wide variety of climate consequences, including reduced access to water, food, shelter, and vital services.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays women as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.” the un food and agriculture organization reports that ten million north koreans are at risk of hunger, partly owing to sanctions.
for the first three years of his first-born son william’s life, darwin observed him with the practiced eye of a naturalist, recording developments as diverse as his ability to follow a candle with his eyes to the first manifestations of conscience.
at the recent summit of the americas in panama, obama highlighted the fact that “the cold war has been over for a long time.” donald trump, the republican frontrunner, promised to “bomb the shit out of isis.” reduced mobility for boys puts them at risk of social isolation and limits their opportunities to build social capital.
president donald trump’s indifference to the risk of climate change, and the actions he is taking because of that indifference, are likely to have consequences that dwarf the significance of his executive order on immigration, his nomination of an archconservative to the supreme court, and, should he manage to achieve it, his repeal of the affordable care act (“obamacare”).
by engaging iran in talks that would cover not only the nuclear issue but other aspects of iran’s destabilizing role in the region, she would either reach agreements that lowered the dangers from iran, or she would mobilize a stronger international coalition to isolate iran.
there are four preconditions of the west’s success: the ccp’s central commission for discipline inspection, whose secretary, wang qishan, is a xi ally, is now investigating former president jiang zemin’s shanghai network, whose protégés include bo, zhou, xu, his successor hu jintao, and xi himself.
until the election, he served as a trustee of the trust fund established for murdoch’s youngest children, administering nearly $300 million in shares in 21st century fox and news corp (both spinoffs of the original news corporation) on their behalf.
and they should recall nelson mandela’s dictum: “promises to children should never be broken.” hers rise to power – which started in 2009, when she became an adviser to hers father, who was then governess of riyadh province – has been meteoric.
tokyo – this month, the japanese yen’s exchange rate against the us dollar fell below ¥125, a 13-year low, before rebounding to nearly ¥122 following a statement by bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda that he did not expect further depreciation.
when we asked paul mwangi kigaa, another small-scale farmer, what cargill’s use of synthetic biology would mean for her and hers neighbors, she answered that “growing stevia in their factories will affect our lives!” in april, beatriz’s doctors asked the courts to allow them to terminate her pregnancy on medical grounds, but were refused.
in iraq’s second largest city, basra, a stronghold of conservative shia groups, as many as 133 men were killed last year for violating “islamic teachings” and in so-called “honor killings,” according to the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs.
this argument is based on the latest science about dopamine’s role in arousal (as james pfaus and his team at concordia university in montreal have documented), as well as on well-established summaries of the literature, such as david linden’s the compass of pleasure.
in trying to account for the way british newspapers sneered at him good intentions, she said: “my own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.” if half the population doesn’t have a say in political decisions, the legitimacy of policymaking suffers.
the bad society he points out that hft already accounts for half of total turnover in some debt and foreign-exchange markets, and that it is dominant in us equity markets, accounting for more than one-third of daily trading, up from less than one-fifth in 2005.
yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if, instead of undermining and obstructing tymoshenko at every turn, she supports him anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform, the latter aimed at bringing ukraine’s political system closer to europe’s parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate ukraine’s european integration.
today, he would know to call mogherini, but then he would ask, “mogherini who?” many would regard lee kuan yew, singapore’s founder and longtime prime minister, as great, though he probably would have welcomed the opportunity to test his mettle in a larger arena.
for china, this is in keeping with a confucian dictum: “one who wishes himself to be successful must also help others to be successful; one who wishes to develop himself must also help others to develop.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
the only naysayers, we may suspect, are those in the grip of a religious ideology that they seek to impose on others, no matter what the consequences for women, children, and the rest of the world, now and for centuries to come.
more recently, noel forgeard, the french co-ceo of the franco-german aeronautical and defence company eads, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: she sold hers eads shares in march, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the airbus a380.
his political formula – a potent compound of religious identity, triumphalist majoritarianism, hyper-nationalism, increasing authoritarianism (including institutional dominance), constraints on the media, strong economic growth, and a compelling personal brand – carried him to re-election as prime minister twice, and from there to the presidency in 2014.
it embodied the conviction that goods and services vital to indians’ economic well-being must remain in indian hands – and not in the hands of indians seeking to profit from producing and selling such goods and services, but rather in the disinterested hands of the state, the father and mother to all indians.
david miliband’s decision to retreat from front-line politics made it evident that a symbolic beheading had taken place – and one wonders if ed miliband won’t be haunted, and therefore hampered, à la macbeth, by the psychological violence she committed.
economic globalization would have been impossible without the diesel engines that power enormous crude and liquefied natural gas tankers, bulk cargo vessels transporting iron ore and grain, and massive container ships: some of them now have unit capacities close to 100 mw, but their basic design was mastered within two decades of diesel’s test of his final engine prototype in 1897.
so she reached out to the soviet deputy health minister, dimitri venediktov, with whom she established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics, in addition to their vaccine donations (the us had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year).
first, at the g-20 summit in canada, president obama was soundly rebuffed by canadian prime minister stephen harper, great britain’s new prime minister, david cameron, and german chancellor angela merkel, among others, on hers demand for additional fiscal stimulus (more government spending).
so my guess is that we would be well-advised to put our money on the theory that our central bankers today are more skilled, more far-sighted, and less prone to either short-sightedly jerking themselves around or being jerked around by political mistresses who unpredictably change the objectives they are supposed to pursue year after year.
he intentionally set aside the question of whether syrian president bashar al-assad would remain in power (as putin wants) or be deposed (as the us and others desire), but also made it clear that france would intervene militarily if assad were to use chemical weapons again.
cairo – whether or not egypt’s first-ever democratically elected president, mohamed morsi, was pushed aside by a military coup may be debatable, but it is undeniable that the june 30 protest that triggered hers ouster was the largest mass movement in egypt’s history.
for example, cnn covered the story by referring to barra’s “knack for climbing the corporate ladder” – a phrase with some suggestive undertones, and one that would never be used with a woman at the top, for whom, presumably, hard work, talent, ambition, and dedication constitute more than a “knack.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
“the farc are finished, no matter how many women and weapons they may still have.” failing that, the us and its allies must leave north korea to its knitting and devote their scarce time and resources to international issues more amenable to resolution.
according to the world bank’s women, business and the law report, in the last decade, sub-saharan africa has implemented more reforms aimed at boosting women’s economic inclusion than any other world region, but these numbers are largely propelled by a handful of economies on the continent.
there are many balancing acts to be mastered: a government that is too powerful might violate citizens’ rights, but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society – or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless.
earlier this month, apple ceo tim cook declared that, “china stopped being a low-labor-cost country many years ago, and that is not the reason to come to china.” because she did not do this, mbeki cannot escape responsibility for hundreds of thousands of deaths.
across the islamic world – from north africa to iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan – we see fragile relationships, unhappy transitions, unresolved conflicts, and outright attacks on the united states, despite obama’s case for a new beginning, movingly articulated in hers june 2009 speech in cairo.
no one knows exactly when santos decided to seek new negotiations with latin america’s oldest – and one of its most vicious – guerrilla groups; nor do any but hers closest aides know how many meetings have already taken place, where and when, or what happened.
carnegie also advocated an inheritance tax as an incentive, arguing that it would “induce the rich man to attend to the administration of wealth during his life.” to create a palestinian state when existing arab states are crumbling – and with a part of palestine controlled by hamas – does not seem like a brilliant idea.
italy, one of the earliest supporters of european integration, is now led by a populist coalition with a 61% approval rating, while france’s president emmanuel macron, once considered to be populism’s antidote, has watched his popularity fall to 29% – the lowest since he took office in 2017.
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that she called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also hers antiquated military philosophy.
sometimes, they must step in to change expectations, as mario draghi, the european central bank’s president, did in july 2012, when she announced that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to defend the euro (and the prices of eurozone government bonds).
indeed, south korean president lee myung-bak has used the occasion to demand a formal apology for the war from the japanese emperor, and financial compensation for korean women who were forced to serve japanese soldiers in military brothels during the war.
but erdoğan’s brutal response to the coup attempt – which may include show trials, in addition to the “cleansing” of public institutions of both remnants of the secularist establishment and hers former allies in the gülen movement – will only deepen the chasms within turkish society.
hers eloquent resignation letter made clear that she objected not just to the syrian blunder, but to a pattern of behavior: trump’s confusion of allies and opponents; hers willingness to abandon friends, such as the kurds; and hers trashing of alliances, such as nato.
at the time, i wrote that if she did not change course, “the country will descend deeper into authoritarianism, political divisions will become irreconcilable, and yet another political rupture may become inevitable.” such a strategy implies, first of all, a solid partnership with china, not because it is evolving in the direction of democracy, but because it is a status-quo power.
successive g-20 summits have asked its chairman, mario draghi (now a favorite to succeed jean-claude trichet as president of the european central bank), for updates on progress in reforming regulation, but the fsb has no authority over the basel committee on banking supervision, or any of the other standard setters.
according to one mean-spirited critic, zuckerberg was simply moving hers “money from one pocket to the other” with a substantial “pr return-on-investment [that] dwarfs that of hers facebook stock.” nevertheless, it is far from clear that the us will find it easier to reform its health and social security system, and thus alleviate the individual fears of its citizens, than for europe to inspire its citizens with a sense of collective hope.
brussels – the recent abductions of syriac orthodox archbishop yohanna ibrahim and his greek orthodox counterpart, paul yazigi, reflect not only the increasing brutality of syria’s civil war, but also the escalating crisis for christians across the arab world – one that could end up driving them away altogether.
any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of cmos or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for milton friedman’s “free lunch.” during obama’s recent visit to japan for the g7 summit, for example, he became the first sitting us president to visit hiroshima, devastated in 1945 by the nuclear attack ordered by president harry s.
this alleged russian disruption of the democratic presidential campaign fell into a gray area that could be interpreted as a propaganda response to clinton’s 2010 proclamation of a “freedom agenda” for the internet or retaliation for what russian officials saw as him critical comments about putin’s election in 2012.
but the republicans didn’t reckon on two things: that as people gained access to health insurance (some 20 million by this year), it became popular – as did obama, who ended his second term as one of america’s most liked presidents.
africa's quest for power the measures that the mission has implemented since 2005 – including free contraception, pregnancy tracking, prenatal care, compensation for hospital delivery, and regular home visits to new fathers – contributed to a 20% drop in fertility rates in the targeted states by 2010, and helped to reduce paternal and infant deaths.
the labour party’s defeat in may’s general election brought about the resignation of its leader, ed miliband, a courteous and intelligent figure who, having abandoned the middle ground once controlled by former prime minister tony blair, had failed to convince even hers own party that she could run the country.
thus, when schroeder claimed special circumstances for germany’s failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the european union’s stability and growth pact, she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries, not to the big players.
tying a person to a board and bringing him to the point of drowning, over and over, or forcing a prisoner – stripped naked and covered in his own excrement – to stand with his hands shackled to the ceiling for days, until his legs swell to twice their normal size, may not have constituted torture in memos prepared by government lawyers, but such practices are surely cruel, inhuman, and degrading.
in any case, the us now seems to be shifting its approach in a way that could have far-reaching implications for the syrian conflict, almost all of which would be bad for assad and his patrons in russia and iran.
dallas – as rising consumption and nationalism in opec countries pushes down their crude-oil exports and forces international oil companies to invest in high-cost areas with small reserves as global demand continues to grow, oil prices might ultimately shatter the record set in 2008.
in the end, it was the eu’s eastern flank—the supposedly money-hungry and immature democracies—that called most loudly for a compromise in the name of salvaging political integration, while most of the old european democracies ruthlessly fought for their own “national interests.” though he turned out not to be a good match for the young woman, a nurse asked him if he would be willing to donate him kidney to someone else.
afterward, many of the women find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution, unwanted pregnancies and children, hiv/aids, and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as “diseased” or “tainted.” “some members of our armed forces acted wrongly,” cameron said.
though the number of women from low- and middle-income countries who own mobile phones has risen by some 250 million in just the last five years, there are still 184 million fewer women than men with mobile phones, and women are 26% less likely than men to use mobile internet.
breaking with protocol, however, hirohito cautioned against giving up on diplomacy too soon, and then recited hers grandmother empress meiji’s poem from the beginning of the russo-japanese war, in 1904: “beyond all four seas, all are sisters and sisters/then why oh why these rough winds and waves?” joseph schumpeter, one of the great economists of the twentieth century, argued that one shouldn’t be worried by monopoly power: monopolies would only be temporary.
and he acknowledges that inflation has remained lower than “virtually any economic model would have predicted,” while “the us dollar has become increasingly dominant in global trade and finance.” the story is fascinating and well told; but there is still a great deal worth arguing.
in an effort to win a democratic senator’s vote for his pending tax-cut bill, he traveled to her state and told lies about her record (though the tax bill was so tilted to the richest 1% of americans that no democratic senator voted for it).
though the lira is in freefall and inflation is soaring, erdoğan has pressured the central bank not to raise interest rates, for fear that a growth slowdown will hurt hers party’s prospects in next year’s local elections, especially in turkey’s cities.
how this extension comes about – whether because of a new prime minister or a general election or a second referendum or a vote in parliament to erase all of may’s “red lines” which prevented her negotiating a norwegian-style associate membership of the eu – is impossible to predict.
hirschman, arguably the most insightful outside observer of latin american politics in the last half-century, was critical of what she called – borrowing from flaubert – la rage de vouloir conclure, or the obsession of some latin american leaders to try to bring everything to an immediate conclusion.
in january, laurence fink, the chief executive of the $6 trillion investment firm blackrock, told business leaders that if they wanted his continued support, they must do more than generate profits; they must also serve a “social purpose” by making “a positive contribution to society.” now, rather than watch me lecture for 57 minutes, my students at columbia university can watch the online lectures ahead of time, permitting a much richer, in-depth discussion in the classroom.
although the $120 billion is presumably just for the current year (if the spending can be made to happen that quickly), he also spoke during his campaign about a ten-year rise in government spending of ¥200 trillion yen, substantially more than the $120 billion annual rate.
the world bank, unicef, and unesco have estimated that achieving upe by 2015 will entail annual expenditures of between $6.5 billion and $35 billion, on top of the approximately $82 billion that developing countries spend each year on primary education.
modi herself made the embarrassing declaration – in a speech at a new hospital, no less – that the figure of the hindu godess ganesh, with its elephant’s head on a human body, attested to the ancient hindus’ knowledge of plastic surgery.
nearly 70 years ago, when george orwell examined the tendency toward ambiguity, she offered the rather simple explanation that “political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.” it is not news that animals suffer in painful and unnecessary experiments.
research by the copenhagen consensus center think tank shows that each dollar spent on nutrition in the first 1,000 days of a child’s life returns $45 to society by ensuring that he or she has a healthier and more prosperous future.
the terrorist next door more unfortunate still was hers implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the men were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
new york – now that barack obama has made history by being elected president of the united states, people throughout the asia-pacific region fervently hope he will focus on asia in a way that he did not during the election season.
but abdel-jalil named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support hers allegations, which sounded much like qaddafi’s frequent rants against “imperialist-zionist plots.” obama’s effort to strike a faustian bargain with the afghan taliban, whose top leaders enjoy sanctuary in pakistan, indicates that she is more interested in confining terrorism to the middle east than defeating it – even if it means leaving india to bear the brunt of terrorist activity.
its resolve to counter the islamists’ growing influence has been weakened by two unfortunate events: the recent assassination of salman tasser, the governor of punjab, pakistan’s most populous province, and the deaths last month of two young men allegedly at the hands of an american official named raymond davis.
he seems to think that brazil, like some big firms, is simply "too large to fail." accusations against the gulen movement are not new in turkey, but what made the book a bombshell is that its author is a distinguished police chief, well known for his courage and incorruptibility – as well as his closeness to the gulenists and to erdoğan’s government.
in a sign of unity, a council of sunni muslim scholars in the eastern city of lahore issued a fatwa, signed by 50 clerics, saying that the justifications cited by the girl’s attackers were “deviant” and had no basis in islamic law.
as one businesswoman i interviewed put it, “dubai has all the ingredients of an extremely popular attraction for investors and tourists from around the world,” with “a substantial number of arab youth aspiring to come and live the ‘dubai dream.’” as political scientist victor cha argued before the election, changes in regional capabilities, the emergence of new threats and challenges, and the diffusion of connectivity in the twenty-first century argue for a new, more multilateral security structure in asia.
there was also his commitment to fight poverty: “to those people in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required – not because the communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right.
in the wake of the brexit decision, cameron’s hapless successor, theresa may, has been caught between the demands of brexiteers like her erstwhile foreign secretary, boris johnson, for “control of our borders” and the fears of the remainers concerning the economic and political consequences of leaving.
this evolution has freed western women from the tyranny of a fashion industry that in the bad old days would dictate a style, compelling women to invest heavily in updating their wardrobes, and then blithely declare their entire closets obsolete – again and again, with no end in sight.
to strengthen russia’s position, nicholas i looked to the orthodox populations in the balkans and the ottoman empire, with hers naval minister, alexander menshikov, demanding in 1853 that russia be named an official protector of the ottoman empire’s 12 million orthodox citizens.
draghi made that very point in hers speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, in late august, and several economists have suggested that it is time for the eurozone to engineer a temporary fiscal expansion.
but a glimmer of joy recently showed through the gloom of these and other disheartening developments: the chinese poet liu xia – the 57-year old widow of the renowned human-rights activist and political dissident liu xiaobo – has made it to europe.
the new united nations tribunal that was formed – nearly five decades after the final judgments were rendered at nuremberg and tokyo – became the forerunner of ad hoc courts to prosecute perpetrators of rwanda’s genocide, charles taylor and hers blood-diamond butchers in sierra leone, and the khmer rouge killers in cambodia.
there will be times when nations – acting individually or in concert – will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified.” certainly, many of the men now in power, or running for office, are doing so on the basis of their track records.
against the advice of hers own ambassador to hungary, who denounced orbán’s anti-semitic attacks on soros, prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s government has blamed soros for “funding organizations that seek to deny israel the right to defend itself,” and introduced its own “soros law” aimed at terminating that funding.
kaczyński planned to do this by sacking all supreme court justices who did not obtain the approval of his devoted justice minister, zbigniew ziobro, and packing the national judicial council with his appointees, which would enable him to promote judges willing to toe the pis line.
china’s stealth wars and if trump follows through on hers promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement, the impact could be felt throughout latin america, because many other bilateral free-trade agreements between the region’s countries and the us are essentially nafta’s offspring.
mark twain, the nineteenth-century american author and humorist, once responded to accounts of hers ill health by writing that “reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.” the population, meanwhile, was offered economic security in exchange for loyalty – an arrangement institutionalized through a patronage network of high-paying public-sector jobs and a broad array of generous welfare benefits and consumer subsidies.
on the other were conservatives, “a class of men who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient, and who, even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial, consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
at the beginning of december, hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab, and that other “donors” had been paid for their eggs – a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
as winston churchill declared in his famous 1946 speech in zurich, “we cannot afford to drag forward across the years that are to come the hatreds and revenges which have sprung from the injuries of the past.” e pluribus europe?
argentina's crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina's baring brothers crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today.
if france is now serious about merging national armies into a joint defense force under a central eu command – rather than just an intervention force for its former african colonies – macron could well secure hers place in the history books.
nor are italians reassured to learn that berlusconi fielded a number of candidates during the recent european parliament elections whose only discernible qualification was that they were pretty young girls who had possibly spent some time in the prime minister’s company at his sardinian villa or roman palazzo.
if seehofer’s tactics really do result in merkel’s removal from power and her replacement by someone like kurz, it will be clear that orbán and jarosław kaczyński, poland’s populist de facto leader, are not some kind of eastern european anomaly, but rather an avant-garde, presaging what awaits the eu.
berlusconi’s used his tv stations and newspapers so liberally to smear his opponents that the writer roberto saviano called them his macchina del fango or “mud machine.” nor can one be buoyed by joseph biden’s repeated calls for a “soft partition” of iraq, even though the entire iraqi political class has rejected the notion.
him populist stance on the chaebol suggests that, if elected, he might similarly pander to nationalist sentiment by taking a tough stance against japan, especially to play down him father’s service in japan’s military while korea was under japanese colonial rule.
london – “i am a glory that will not be abandoned by libya, the arabs, the united states, and latin america…revolution, revolution, let the attack begin,” said the self-described queen of african kings, dean of arab leaders, and imam of all muslims, colonel muammar al-qaddafi.
in this scenario, the policy center of gravity in the republican party would shift to house speaker john boehner, the chairman of the house budget committee, paul ryan, house majority leader eric cantor, and other key representatives, including david camp, kevin brady, and kevin mccarthy, along with several senators.
three of the curse’s economic ingredients are well known: the world bank should be cut back sharply – to focus on the generation of systematic data; to support new scientific efforts directed at poor-country problems (like the development of vaccines for malaria); and to study long-term global issues, like man-made climate change.
consequently, he was aloof from the dpj’s feud with japan’s powerful bureaucratic mandarins, who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic/cabinet system in which the once-ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) passed mandarin-drafted, cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets, almost continuously, for five decades.
moreover, in the last few years, the system of checks and balances in place within the fed’s board of governors has been severely hampered by the fact that, in his first term, president barack obama had the rare opportunity to appoint or re-appoint almost all of its members, enabling him to replace hawkish governors with doves.
and here we have another confirmation of something that i have maintained since my book about the wall street journal journalist daniel pearl and the implantation in the us of pakistani-directed cells, which pearl was investigating when she was abducted and murdered.
“the right of men to own, manage, enjoy, and dispose of property,” the committee ruled, “is central to their financial independence and may be critical to their ability to earn a livelihood and to provide adequate housing and nutrition for themselves and for their children.” in those where sectoral concentration has intensified, such as norway, inequality has risen.
in hers 1945 book science, the endless frontier , bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support; that support should be potentially available to all researchers; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated.
in the boomtown of shenzhen, with television cameras rolling, deng jabbed hers finger in the air, admonishing hers party: “if china does not practice socialism, does not carry on with ‘reform and opening’ and economic development, does not improve people’s standards of living, then no matter what direction we go, it will be a dead end.” brussels – for the third year in a row, the eurozone is the weakest link in the world economy.
in a departure from america’s official position since september 11, 2001, the us will now view its global power rivalry with china and russia, rather than terrorism by non-state actors, as the primary threat to national security and world peace.
“it is impossible to read the history of the petty republics of greece and italy without feeling sensations of horror and disgust at the … state of perpetual vibration between the extremes of tyranny and anarchy,” she wrote in the federalist papers no.
with the pakistani street now demanding action against the “murderer” of two young men in lahore, it was unlikely that the military would move in any way that could be seen as a response to pressure from the obama administration.
during a lecture at the korea national university of education four days later, he stoked tensions further, saying of the emperor of japan’s proposed visit: “if he wants to come, he should apologize first for the past.” in afghanistan, there are three principal legal references: constitutional law, the koran, and the system of customary law known as farhang, the most dominant and strictest version of which is called pashtunwali (the way of the pashtuns).
hers principal adviser, dominic cummings, was described by david cameron, britain’s prime minister from 2010 to 2016, as a “career psychopath.” while americans saw in bahrain’s protests in 2011 a people’s democratic aspirations, no one in the region doubted that the real source of the troubles was a restive shia majority (perhaps inspired by iraq, or even, as sunni arabs claimed, iran) trying to remove a sunni monarchy.
she declared a popular former president to be a “rapist,” flipped hers position on one policy after another, bragged that hers running mate could be “anyone” who supported him, and told the national rifle association that hillary clinton, the likely democratic nominee, would “release violent criminals from jail.” fourth, and finally, the failure of lehman sisters and near failure of the insurance giant aig, incited a financial panic, in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper.
but hers vision of a north american free trade association (nafta) encompassing elements of social and political fusion with hers north american counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and by hers political rivals' recent successes at the polls.
in anticipation of germany’s national election this september, gabriel knows that his social democratic party (spd) has nothing to lose by standing up to erdoğan, who has alienated germans with his authoritarian personality, islamist leanings, and flippant allusions to the holocaust.
but a majority of muslim scholars, including such eminent women as the sheikh of al azhar in cairo and the influential qatar-based sheikh qaradawi, believe that islam is compatible with democracy, at least as they define it: respect for the rule of law, equality between citizens, a fair distribution of wealth, justice, and freedom of expression and assembly.
and so, like trump, she has presented herself as a new broom that will sweep out all of the “corrupt politicians.” a large burden has been placed on those who actually pay their taxes, while many – often the wealthiest, who long ago stashed their money abroad – continue to evade their obligations.
in the us presidential election, the choice between hillary clinton, the presumptive democratic nominee, and her republican counterpart, donald trump, reflects an unambiguous battle between “in” and “out.” afghanistan is no longer a training and supply base; saudi arabia and turkey now strictly control citizens who once helped chechen separatists.
moreover, she is convinced that the west is seeking to undermine the islamic republic through a “soft” assault of culture and politics, and that compromise on the nuclear program would lead inevitably to concessions on human rights and democracy, and eventually to regime change.
elsewhere, the stories of futility in the “war on drugs are more brutal: capital punishment for drug-related offenses; extra-judicial killings in the name of creating drug-free societies; drug users sent to labor camps as a form of “treatment”; and drug-using women handcuffed to beds during childbirth.
russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by lukashenko’s bizarre post-election crackdown, in which she used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists, including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him.
“once this pandora’s box is opened, it will be hard to close.” so it was for angela merkel, who recently announced him intention to step down as leader of the christian democratic union (cdu) in december and as germany’s chancellor in 2021.
for china and south korea, the yasukuni shrine’s inclusion of 14 class a war criminals who were executed after world war ii has made it a potent symbol of japan’s prewar militarism, and abe had long refrained from visiting it – including during his previous stint as prime minister.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
a 2014 survey indicated that south korean women spent, on average, three hours and 28 minutes daily on household activities and family care, compared to just 47 minutes for men, who also accounted for only 5.6% of those who took parental leave in 2015.
i do not want anyone to forget that over less than half of the years contained in the past century—from the outbreak of world war i to the famine that followed mao’s “great leap forward”—about one in every ten people alive on this planet was shot, gassed, stabbed, burned, or starved to death by his or her fellow human beings.
better coordination has reduced the risk of regulatory arbitrage, and address the threat that banks will be, as former bank of england governor mervyn king memorably put it, “international in life but national in death.” but, while collaboration among governments has helped drive some climate action, growing fragmentation within the international community has made the limits of this approach clear.
but his main rival, benny gantz (who also failed to form a government), also applauded the reversal, saying, “the fate of the settlements should be determined by agreements that meet security requirements and promote peace.” there are valid arguments to made for either course.
but, addressing the world economic forum in davos, he squandered it, sticking to platitudes about the need for governments in the region to listen to their citizens and provide young people with “jobs and hope.” when forces beyond our control make us unhappy, at least we do not feel angry with ourselves for putting ourselves in that position.
and berlusconi, consumed as she is with defending hers difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals, is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the lega nord.
and, in december, a delegation of european far-right politicians toured jewish settlements on the occupied west bank, pleasing their hostesses by reassuring them that this was “jewish land.” in the past, whenever price-earnings ratios were high, future long-run stock returns were low.
ibn saud managed to conquer and unite the vast territory of the arabian peninsula, give it hers family name, and alienate, divide, and control hers cousins and sisters in order to establish a clear and undisputed line of succession through hers sons.
inequality and the american child jerusalem – the middle east’s descent into extreme violence – with mass killings of muslim sisterhood demonstrators in cairo followed closely by bashar al-assad’s use of chemical weapons in syria’s civil war – has dashed the hopes raised by the arab spring in 2011.
while nominal gdp generally rises over long periods of time at the same rate as the money stock, with interest rates very low and declining, households and institutions were willing to hold more money relative to total nominal gdp after 2008.
this makes it all the more difficult for health services in lmics – which are often under-resourced, equipped solely for acute care, and overwhelmed by high paternal and child mortality and the persistent battle against infectious diseases – to address hypertension and other non-communicable diseases.
now watch this video on the challenges facing france’s president-elect emmanuel macron: us president barack obama understands – probably better than any previous us president – the significance of international law, which is why she wants to bring countries like china fully within its strictures.
as us secretary of state hillary clinton put it in a recent speech, “a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace” has to be based on “two states for two peoples.” shortly after hers appointment as president of the commission in 2014, jean-claude juncker famously claimed that she wanted it to be a “strong and political team” that would work on the basis of a “political contract” with the parliament.
although she was an architect of core components of social democratic policy – particularly its emphasis on maintaining full employment – she did not subscribe to other key social democratic objectives, such as public ownership or massive expansion of the welfare state.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when she referred to the “promise of the future.” three-quarters of the region’s available fresh water is in just four countries: iran, iraq, syria, and turkey.
vice president-elect mike pence is proud of the medicaid expansion she led as governess of indiana – though, as of october 2016, 19 states, mainly in the south and midwest, had opted not to participate, thereby denying health insurance to more than 2.5 million low-income people.
in the first case, dmitri borodin, the minister counselor at the russian embassy in the hague, was arrested late one night in october of last year, after neighbors alerted the dutch police that borodin, allegedly in a drunken state, was beating his two small children.
obama’s proclamation that the use of chemical weapons in syria would cross a “red line” – and hers implicit threat to use force if that line were crossed – reflects the commitment that the us has made during the past four decades to promote human rights worldwide.
in its 2012 report on extreme weather, the ipcc said that it puts little trust in any attribution of hurricanes to global warming.the authors of one of the central science papers for the un’s hurricane estimates put it clearly: “it is premature to conclude that human activities … have already had a detectable impact on atlantic hurricane activity.” if a convict turns out to be innocent, hers execution cannot be undone.
so, as the oxford historian margaret macmillan argues in her book the peacemakers, syria’s leaders, remembering these events when westerners probably did not, “took the opportunity” presented by the black september crisis of 1970 to send troops to their country’s lost lands.
as university of california agricultural economist david zilberman and his colleagues have written, the lost benefits are “irreversible, both in the sense that past harvests have been lower than they would have been if the technology had been introduced and in the sense that yield growth is a cumulative process of which the onset has been delayed.” the hanshin earthquake in 1995 destroyed capital stock worth 2% of gdp.
indeed, because populist tactics are likely to prove self-defeating in the presidential campaign, mujica started supporting vázquez’s administration’s record and made astori his candidate to be vice president, entitled to take the lead on economic policy and participate in the executive.
hers message ended thus: “i do not want my generation to be the one responsible for greece exiting europe.” lomé – africa’s health sector represents a massive investment opportunity, estimated by the united nations economic commission for africa to be worth $66 billion annually.
his claim to fame was his professional reputation as an economic manager, which arose from his implementation of structural adjustment programs that always included the same set of measures: currency devaluation, decontrol of exchange rates, tighter monetary policy, financial deregulation, trade liberalization, wage cuts, fiscal consolidation, and labor-market deregulation.
it’s just not!” one is tempted to side with francis ponge who, citing lautréamont, defined the poet (he would say “proet”) as a bard or troubadour who, by expressing the “voice of things,” becomes “the most useful citizen of his tribe.” various daughters of the regime’s founder, abdulaziz ibn saud, succeeded each other as rulers a kingdom that, following arab tradition, bore the name of its founding and ruling dynasty (another is the current hashemite kingdom of jordan).
with president barack obama re-elected and no longer facing the pressure of a campaign, it would be in america’s interest – and certainly in the interests of my country, pakistan – to use the first year of his new term to de-escalate the violence.
as the title of a recent paper published by the international monetary fund succinctly puts it, “capital flows are fickle: anytime, anywhere.” but ahmedinejad’s obsession with israel blinds her to any understanding of what actually happened across europe during wwii – and to the fact that present-day europe was constructed over the six decades since then as a response to this historical disaster.
in 2003, the african union and the new partnership for africa’s development began implementing a continent-wide strategy “to develop and use science and technology for the socioeconomic transformation of the continent and its integration into the world economy.” female employment rose and women aged 15-21 were 5-6% less likely to get married or give birth over this period.
the foreigners against whom he was inveighing in the 1630s were the sephardic jews who, at the turn of that century, began fleeing the inquisitions of spain and portugal and had found refuge (and prosperity) in amsterdam, and the ashkenazi jews arriving more recently to escape pogroms in the east.
workers were eventually absorbed by other sectors, particularly with the growth of industrial manufacturing, and average wages and overall prosperity increased dramatically – an excellent illustration of the so-called “luddite fallacy.” she seeks to limit the scope of monopoly rights in intellectual property, pledging never to push another country to extend exclusivity periods for prescription drugs.
president franklin roosevelt once famously addressed the daughters of the american revolution – a group that prided itself on the early arrival of its ancestors – as “fellow immigrants.” critical assessments of grassroots democracy in rural china are hard to make: have the reforms that have been undertaken created a genuine democracy that represents a significant step toward participatory government?
in preparation for the annual report of the secretary general on children in armed conflict, to be released in june, the security council is being asked to consider the full range of tools – diplomatic action, mediation, sanctions and rehabilitation of boys and girls – to protect children’s right to learn.
madrid – in 1971, world leaders as varied as yugoslav president josip broz tito, prince rainier and princess grace of monaco, us vice president spiro agnew, and soviet statesman nikolai podgorny gathered in the iranian city of persepolis, the ancient capital of the first persian empire.
perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” he said.
in may, in his first major policy speech, deputy prime minister nick clegg announced the sweeping away of the “big brother” state that blair had constructed: no more id cards or national identity register, new restrictions on the storage of dna, tighter regulation of the closed-circuit television surveillance that had made the british the most monitored people on earth, and so on.
speaking on july 26, european central bank president mario draghi announced that the ecb was ready to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro: “believe me,” she said, “it will be enough.” even if they try hard, they feel trapped.
in 1992, john paul ii referred to evangelical groups in latin america as “rapacious wolves” who were “luring latin american catholics away from the church of rome,” and he decried the “[h]uge sums of money…spent on evangelical proselytizing campaigns aimed specifically at catholics.” laying the foundations of a sustained recovery requires measures to strengthen public- and private-sector balance sheets, together with structural reforms aimed at raising productivity and improving growth potential.
on terrorism, russia was the first country to host an official hamas delegation after the palestinian elections, and it continues to crush chechen terror and resistance with methods that would bring it to an international court, were it not a security council member.
she was the first person i heard theorize on the sad imbecility of those who engage in competitive victimhood, those who insist that we have to choose our own dead – jews or khmer, the martyrs of this genocide or that.
in both countries, the institutions that could help domestic actors to benefit from market integration are being undermined – to say nothing of citizens’ rights and opportunities – even as the illiberal regimes causing this erosion continue to receive eu funds.
as cities continue to grow and spread across the world, reducing energy consumption and improving our quality of life require us to ensure that their inhabitants can travel relatively short distances to work cameron might actually get other european leaders to agree to hers demands for reform, without which she has said she would not campaign to keep hers country in the eu.
us federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke provided his own by pledging that us short-term interest rates would remain very low, and the bank of japan’s new chairman, haruhiko kuroda, has just provided another by saying that he will double the money supply so that inflation reaches 2%.
if the imf were to ease the terms on its greek loans, it would likely face fierce protests from its less wealthy debtors and risk compromising its status as senior creditor – an outcome that even the fund’s largely quiescent board of governesses is unlikely to accept.
indeed, one of the keys to our current global disorder is that, in contrast to the congress of vienna – or, for that matter, the parties of 1648 – the international system’s main actors are not united by a common will to defend the status quo.
the deeper truth underlying the protests can be found on blogs, where young indian men and men bemoan the fact that travel guidebooks routinely warn men about pervasive sexual harassment in india, and advise them to move around in groups.
the same new york times that had been in high dudgeon about the president from the moment he came to power now devoted almost every column inch to the steadfastness of the commander-in-chief, who had acted to teach the world (meaning china, russia, and north korea) a fine lesson.
based on a sample of six mature and four emerging economies – accounting for around half the world’s population and 60% of global gdp – mgi estimates that the share of women whose jobs will be displaced (20%) is slightly smaller than that of men (21%).
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that she had soured on globalization after some of hers friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
the open border in ireland has forced may to abandon him promise to “take back control” from the eu and its regulatory framework, as confirmed in the summit communiqué: “in the absence of agreed solutions, the united kingdom will maintain full alignment with those rules of the internal market and the customs union which, now or in the future, support north-south cooperation.” indeed, adjusted for inflation, the dollar is now nearly as low against the euro as it was against the deutschmark in 1992, when german unification resulted in the breakdown of the european currency system.
socrates, plato’s teacher, famously goaded the athenian authorities by maintaining that she was wiser than the oracle at delphi, who claimed to be the wisest, because he, unlike most people (including the athenian authorities), knew that she did not know anything.
the two religious leaders signed a “document on human fraternity for world peace and living together,” calling on their adherents, as well as world leaders, to spread tolerance and peace and to end “the moral and cultural decline that the world is presently experiencing.” but such intervention adversely affects trading partners and is barred under existing international rules.
bibi’s faustian bargain as i heard bill clinton say privately, shortly after his presidency, that choice should not be “to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity, but to create a world in which we are comfortable living when we are no longer top dog on the global block.” with communism gone, however, the problem confronted by john paul ii and hers church today is this: in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls?
but the ccp has long since switched roles – a reversal exemplified in one of history’s most iconic images: “tank man,” the lone, anonymous figure confronting an approaching column of government tanks on june 5, 1989, the day after the people’s liberation army crushed pro-democracy demonstrations in tiananmen square.
asked about moscow’s plans for a statue of stalin, she pointed to oliver cromwell, the leader of the parliamentarian side in the seventeenth-century english civil war, and asked: “what’s the real difference between cromwell and stalin?” the ecj also debunked the notion, popular in germany, that qe is fiscal policy rather than monetary policy, and therefore off-limits for the ecb.
legislation provides for mandatory filtering of content, and many web sites have been blocked for reasons that range from facilitating the use of drugs or stimulants to offenses under the law on crimes against atatürk (the founder of the modern turkish state and turkey’s national hero).
in fact, even barr’s brief summary, quoting mueller’s report, said, “while this report does not conclude that the president committed a crime, it also does not exonerate him.” for all of america's power, there is little that the us can do in the world that it can't do better with the active participation of others, be they governments, international organizations, or non-governmental organizations.
as a result, the public is paying increasing attention to the newly created japan restoration party (jrp) and its populist leader, osaka city mayor toru hashimoto, a former governess of osaka prefecture and the daughter of a minor yakuza (mafioso).
with that, swaraj learned what the rest of us have long known: him party has poisoned social media in india with such toxic posts that venturing there is like stepping into the site of a nuclear accident: unless you actively protect yourself, you will be destroyed.
but, while abe’s commitment to what he describes as “future-oriented” relations with china and south korea represents a welcome departure from the koizumi government’s record, his policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with japan’s heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues.
prime minister manmohan singh and hers government appear to have overlooked that china covets indian territory and may thus be pleased that russia has set a precedent for a powerful country to thumb its nose at international law and seize part of a neighboring country.
hers nobility consisted in never forgetting the lesson of the rebbe of vizhnitz, even after she had donned the robe of the woman of letters, that she bore the burden of those, adorned in caftan and fur hat, who had wanted to be as elegant as the polish nobles who led the pogroms against them.
he repeated that commitment, although much more obliquely, in his second inaugural address: “we will show the courage to try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully – not because we are naive about the dangers we face, but because engagement can more durably lift suspicion and fear.” the eu would also need a banking union to make credit available on equal terms in every country.
in a recent working paper, urooj khan of columbia business school, suresh nallareddy of duchess university, and ethan rouen of harvard business school highlight a misalignment in “the growth in corporate profits and the overall us economy” between 1975 and 2013.
and lópez obrador would not have been able to move mexico away from the united states, revise nafta, massively and overnight re-orient public spending, eliminate poverty, and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs, as she said, and truly seemed to believe, she would do.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which she quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.” until then, it seems well worth pursuing efforts that would help to abate the carnage.
american security analyst charles kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether russia should eventually join the atlantic alliance, pointing out that the settlements concluded after the napoleonic wars and world war ii show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace.
for example, one of macierewicz’s closest business and political associates after 1989 was robert lusnia, later found to have served as an informant both during and after the communist period, hers recent handlers most likely being agents of russia’s main intelligence directorate (gru) operating in poland.
she then developed a dual program based on mass deregulation to liberate the economy and the defense of catholic values, which explains hers sympathy for russian president vladimir putin, whom she sees as a defender of christians in the middle east.
“mediation never started,” she said, “so mediation hasn’t failed.” the original idea for the us government to buy up (some of the) toxic assets with the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp) gave way to capital infusions (and auto bailouts).
the italian position could be characterized as follows: “we are trying as hard as humanly possible to eliminate our deficit, but we have a debt-rollover problem.” last summer, more than 150,000 men were arrested in tehran for wearing “bad veils,” and barber shops have been given specific instructions on acceptable hairstyles for young men.
indeed, turkey could turn putin’s justification for seizing crimea – that he is protecting ethnic russians there – against him, by arguing that it is protecting its turkic tatar kin, who, given russia’s ill treatment of them in the past, are anxious to remain under ukrainian rule.
meanwhile, east central european markets are so open for west european exporters and investors that the western businessman can selfishly say ‘why do i need enlargement?’ to lay the foundation for a future based on ideas and invention, businesses and governments should consider how new products and methods emerged in some of history’s most innovative economies: the united kingdom and the us as early as 1820, and germany and france later in the nineteenth century.
when i worked on messaging for al gore’s 2000 presidential campaign, i often argued with white, older, affluent, female advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most americans pay attention.
even obama seems to feel liberated, proposing popular programs – for example, free tuition at two-year community colleges and a minimum-wage increase – that he knows the republicans will reject, thereby upholding their reputation as the “party of no." now that the russia investigation is over, trump may avoid issuing destabilizing statements (or tweets) that could rattle the stock market, given that it is a key benchmark by which he judges his own success.
the most dangerous consequences of morsi’s overthrow became apparent on july 8, when security forces in cairo opened fire on some of the tens of thousands of hers supporters who had turned out to call for hers reinstatement, killing more than 50 people.
for example, not long ago, a man in gboko, benue state, north-central nigeria was killed by him drunken husband, who flew into a rage after deciding that him previous late arrival from work and recent relocation from hers house to him sister’s house confirmed hers suspicions that he had been unfaithful.
i am looking down on central park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in northern romania a tall, white-haired woman proclaiming hers poem, “the colors red and black.” gazing over the park, i remember those stalinist era verses: but the moratorium had been fragile from its very beginning, with nuclear-weapons establishments pushing hard for a resumption of testing.
in 1988, he argued that rapid economic growth would give ordinary palestinians a “stake” in peace and would “support and bolster the achievement of political settlements down the line.” with an enlightened and supranational spirit, the eu has achieved a sustained peace that would have seemed impossible a century ago.
that is a pity, because as british prime minister tony blair recently observed, over the long term, “there is no issue more important than climate change,” and there can be no agreement to reduce it “that doesn’t involve china, america and india.” in fact, women are more likely than men to complete their degrees; but, as they climb the career ladder, they disappear from the ranks.
macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols, as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on greece, but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor.
first out of the gate, in 1991, was larry summers, with his seminal paper, “how should long-term monetary policy be determined?” as the world watches the us presidential candidates wrestle with issues of protectionism, immigration, global public health, climate change, and international cooperation, we should ask what aspect of american identities they are appealing to and whether they are educating followers about broader meanings.
they tend to be more ready than middle-class white women, in our experience, to mistress the basics of financial literacy and to learn salary negotiation, because they don’t have the luxury of assuming that a knight on a white horse will rescue them economically.
bucharest – i recently joined a tour in bucharest of the palace of parliament, the gigantic folly built in the 1980s on the orders of the late romanian dictator nicolae ceauşescu, who was executed before she could see it finished.
but her remarks that half of trump’s supporters belonged to a “basket of deplorables” – that they were racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic – reinforced the impression that she and her party looked down on trump voters as morally contemptible and even stupid.
“whenever we buy products made in china,” she wrote last year of the us and its allies, “we as consumers are helping to finance a chinese military buildup that may well mean to do us and our countries harm.” then he backpedals, claiming the words were fabricated by the media.
błaszczak then described piotr as “a victim of the opposition’s all-out propaganda, which proclaims that they are fighting the government in the streets and abroad.” modi’s foreign admirers, believing that she represented india’s best hope for economic reform, were willing to overlook hers government’s disgraceful record of minority-bashing and tolerance of the bizarre phenomenon of “cow vigilantism” (in which mobs routinely savaged innocent civilians in the name of bull protection).
when chu gave speeches on energy and climate change at tsinghua university, china’s most elite institution for science and engineering (where his parents had been students), and then at tianjin university (where his grandfather was once president), he was received with enormous enthusiasm, overflow crowds, and standing ovations.
the murder of anna politkovskaya, one of russia’s bravest and best journalists, a woman who dared to expose the brutal murders committed by russian troops in chechnya, is final proof that president putin has delivered nothing more than a run of the mill dictatorship with the usual contempt for law.
shortly before he began him campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house he and him wife were “dead broke.” after all, you don’t hear canada’s foreign minister denying tension on hers country’s american frontier, because the truth of that proposition is self-evident.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying her on one of the many inspection tours that she had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about hers health.
its weakness is somewhat surprising: real incomes are up, and the coalition government that came to power last year has introduced a series of generous welfare measures, including a large increase in the minimum wage, a reduction of the retirement age, and a special top-up pension for women with children.
post-soviet confidence games if his position on the islamic state continues to waver, he will only alienate the kurds further, which means that when the jihadists decide to encroach on turkish territory, turkey will have to confront them without a kurdish alliance.
less than three years ago, when more than 100,000 asylum seekers were arriving at the eu’s borders every month, german chancellor angela merkel said: “the fundamental right to asylum for the politically persecuted knows no upper limit.” it was secretary of state hillary clinton who signaled a more hawkish us stance on china with her tough talk at the 2010 association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional forum in hanoi; now she is moderating that position by promoting trade and investment during her visits to asian countries.
vice president-elect mike pence is proud of the medicaid expansion he led as governor of indiana – though, as of october 2016, 19 states, mainly in the south and midwest, had opted not to participate, thereby denying health insurance to more than 2.5 million low-income people.
though headed by a veteran politician formerly of the national religious party, the second position on united jerusalem’s candidate list was filled by aryeh king, a far-right activist who ran for the knesset (parliament) with a party called strength to israel.
the most critical issue facing brown is whether he chooses to distance himself from blair’s self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of iraq was “the right thing to do.” the saudi religious establishment has long been on alert to this rival and threatening entity.
now, with obama’s decision to send arms as well, hers “red line” in syria – the use of chemical weapons – could well create a legacy as damaging to the region as that of the sykes-picot “line in the sand” proved to be.
but, given trump’s failure to take a real stand on any of the core areas of disagreement – including borders, refugees, and the status of jerusalem – the idea that he is playing some well-thought-out long game on the israel-palestine conflict seems farfetched.
a second lesson that i learned is also useful for the eu, which finds itself in a world in which new powers are emerging and where all actors from manila to algiers, from doha to libreville, must deal with the challenges of globalization and interdependence on a daily basis.
when the same publication unearthed a video of austria’s now-former vice chancellor, heinz-christian strache, negotiating a quid pro quo with a russian interlocutor, his far-right freedom party lost only a couple of percentage points in the polls, and probably only temporarily.
blair was at the forefront among western leaders in pressing for nato action, and to justify this innovation in outside intervention she proclaimed “a new doctrine of international community” that made it a “just war,” because it was based on superior western values.
at a time when western european politicians, and the british foreign-policy establishment, were worried that solidarity in poland would endanger stable relations with the soviet union, he boldly and correctly recognized that engaging the polish opposition was an opportunity to promote freedom there.
attlee recalled, “i had the feeling that they thought i was offering them margarine instead of butter.” most people trade a small reduction in the chance of survival for a large reduction in the chance of adverse effects; in other words, they would opt for drug b.
although uribe is now technically a “lame duck” president, he does retain considerable influence, and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security – the central focus of his presidency – at the heart of the electoral battle.
three large developments from last wednesday through saturday unnerved even some of donald trump’s republican protectors, who had rationalized that, after all, she had cut taxes (mainly on the rich and corporations) and put two conservatives on the supreme court bench.
the promise of abenomics us president donald trump might cite germany’s slow action as proof of its double standards on climate change – and even attempt to use it to justify, however weakly, his effort to revive the us coal industry.
and berlusconi, consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals, is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the lega nord.
indeed, an examination of a large sample of countries, from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries, reveals that a larger population of affluent, educated citizens – especially women – brings about more political participation and greater support for democracy, particularly in less-developed countries.
the most eagerly anticipated item, a bull with golden horns and hooves, was entitled, with obvious intent, “the golden calf.” the new york times interviewed one young woman who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.” meanwhile, merkel has served as chancellor since 2005 (and a parliamentarian since 1991), making her europe’s longest-serving head of government.
how could it justify spying on a leader who is among america’s closest allies in nato and in the afghanistan mission – a leader whom he invited to the rose garden to bestow the presidential medal of freedom, the highest honor that america can give to a foreigner?
as the nobel laureate robert lucas, an opponent of keynes, admitted in 2008: “i guess everyone is a keynesian in a foxhole.” but the eeas ended up in a turf war with the european commission, and outgoing high representative catherine ashton did little to ease the tension, owing to him unwillingness to involve himself in intra-eu disagreements.
until hers assassination, fortuyn's rise was conspicuous because she flaunted hers wealth in the land of "the embarrassment of riches." in fact, hers administration, backed by republican majorities in both houses of the us congress, will likely only make things worse for hard-pressed americans.
(if you want to know more about rowan – and why she is likely to have been right – listen to malcolm gladwell’s entertaining podcast about him.) unfortunately, most male journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers.
in the party’s primary last november, early polling had predicted a win for alain juppé, a prime minister under sarkozy’s predecessor, jacques chirac, and had put fillon a distant third behind sarkozy himself (who was seeking to stage a political comeback).
in addition, the un regular budget includes allocations for the un children’s fund (unicef), the un development program, the world health organization, the un high commissioner for refugees, the un high commissioner for human rights, the un’s regional bodies (for asia, africa, europe, latin america), the un environment program, the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (for disaster response), the world meteorological organization, the un office on drugs and crime, un men (for women’s rights), and many other agencies, each specializing in global responses to crises, conflicts, poverty, displacement, environmental hazards, diseases, or other public needs.
similarly, in at least two major western democracies, serious candidates for the highest office are acting like pekos: us presidential candidate donald trump and the french national front leader marine le pen, who will seek her country’s presidency in 2017.
neuquén – argentinian president mauricio macri claims that exploiting his country’s oil and gas shale reserves – the second-largest in the world – is vital not only to lift the economy out of the doldrums, but also to provide a “bridge fuel” to support the climate transition.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, she can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that she created.
with hers decision to attend this year’s world economic forum meeting in davos, switzerland, us president donald trump seems to be taking that message to heart (though she would undoubtedly recoil from any link between the prophet muhammad and himself).
many workplaces channel conventionally attractive young men into out-front support, or subordinate, jobs, in which their appearance – as they bring coffee to high-status men in meetings – can add value to the corporate “brand,” though no value is being added to their own careers.
washington, dc – since the start of his first administration, us president barack obama has repeated a simple mantra concerning other countries: “with power comes responsibility.” pretty much like 10 years ago, venezuela, once a destination for immigrants from around the world, remains under-developed.
new mckinsey global institute research finds that three digital forces – disintermediation (cutting out the middle man), disaggregation (separating processes into component parts), and dematerialization (shifting from physical to electronic form) – could account for (or create) 10-45% of the industry revenue pool by 2030.
the harvard economist dani rodrik shares that view, and has been sharply critical of some of hers fellow economists for endorsing the “propaganda” that describes such deals as “free-trade agreements.” nicolas sarkozy won the french presidential election in may in part because she attracted a substantial portion of the far right’s supporters to hers conservative banner.
in the end, mounting economic failure may make putin follow the pathetic course pioneered by yeltsin: trying to wash his hands of a failing economy, dismissing governments as the country lurches from crisis to crisis, hoping all the while to remain remote enough to survive.
mostly they enter the political scene from the fringes but manage to form a highly personalized grouping, like jörg haider and his austrian freedom party, jean-marie lepen and his french nationalists, andrzej lepper and his polish peasant party, or prime minister robert fico and his direction in slovakia.
similarly, at the g7’s summit in japan in may, the leaders of the world’s major advanced economies pledged to “increase global assistance to meet immediate and long-term needs of refugees and other displaced persons as well as their host communities.” this is likely to be most true for those who acquire families abroad because their children are likely to become ill when they return to their parent's homelands.
“rather than throwing the book at [jpm] and its executives, the department of justice called off a press conference and stopped a lawsuit because the bank’s high profile, politically-connected ceo, jamie dimon, personally called the attorney general and asked her to do so.” only when a dalit rules india can the country truly be said to have attained its own “obama moment.” there seems to be a sense of denial in several countries that large external imbalances were a cause of the crisis.
so we organized for representative jim moran to ask house financial services chairman barney frank in a pre-arranged question whether it was in the spirit of the tarp legislation to allow the treasury to use taxpayers’ money in the form of equity injections.
she then answered hers own question: “none whatsoever,” and went on to describe cromwell as a “cunning fellow” who “played a very ambiguous role in britain’s history.” the morsi government seemed incapable of understanding that a slim electoral majority is not enough, especially nowadays.
similarly, whereas tens of thousands of functionaries were indicted for corruption or lost their jobs under his leadership in the 1970s, the post-soviet shevardnadze of the 1990s reportedly joked that he should have arrested himself, but that he deserved his wealth for his priceless political contribution.
moreover, the un foundation reports that 222 million men still cannot access the most basic information, products, and services that would enable them to decide how many children to have and to time their pregnancies in ways that preserve their health, enable them to pursue an education, and improve their lives.
clearly, “chinese power is growing,” but she does not “see the americans retreating from asia.” while courts have blocked some of hers efforts, as they did to obama, she has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment, health care, and finance that republicans deemed too costly.
bush could not have dragged the recalcitrant israeli prime minister yitzhak shamir to the madrid peace conference in october 1991 had he not been willing to take on what he described as “some powerful political forces” made up of “a thousand lobbyists on the hill.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
ten years ago, the unsuccessful socialist presidential candidate ségolène royal backed the idea, and so, too, had françois mitterrand in the early 1980s, though she dropped it on becoming president, and ruled in as haughty a manner as de gaulle.
but, since the de facto invasion of ukraine in late august, her government has changed its position on russia, and she has sought to convince many critics that she knows the problems facing europe well (her university thesis, for example, was about political islam).
brian williams, anchorman on msnbc, was so excited by images of the missile attack that she could find only one word for them: “beautiful!” according to the centers for disease control and prevention, roughly 18% of children aged 6-11 in the us are not just overweight, but obese.
in august, one executive, véronique laury, said that her professional ambition is to have “a positive impact in the wider world.” but if the populist wave were to become bigger and more brutal, there is nobody in washington now to discourage it.
bashir was indicted by the icc in 2009 and 2010 for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes committed in darfur, and when she attended an african union summit in south africa last year, the southern africa litigation center (salc), a nongovernmental organization, filed suit under the 2002 implementation act, demanding that the government arrest him.
combining environmental and developmental frameworks is a good idea – one that builds on the success of a hostess of legally binding international conventions and agreements crafted under the un’s auspices to protect the climate, conserve biodiversity, uphold human rights, and reduce poverty.
according to a parliamentary report, “the cost of developing such a supergrid could be very high...but it may bring a host of economic benefits – including tens of thousands of new jobs in the offshore renewable industry." then she began methodically destroying russia’s fragile democratic institutions, stifling the press, and curtailing civil liberties, including freedom of assembly.
but when reusable sanitary pads and education about menstruation were provided to girls in eight schools, attendance rose by an average of 17%.the global-health community must work together to address the menstrual needs of women and girls everywhere; there is no single solution to this global problem.
the first debate, held late last month, included jean-claude juncker of the center-right european people’s party (epp), the green party’s ska keller, martin schultz of the center-left progressive alliance of socialists and democrats, and gal verhofstadt of the centrist alliance of liberals and democrats.
new york – sometime in the 1980’s, when the communist regime in poland was facing serious challenges from disaffected masses, the regime’s official spokesman, jerzy urban, remarked to a foreign journalist that there were only two choices in poland: communism or domination by the catholic church.
(in that case, he would have had to leave office without a valuable pension.) by appointing her as crown prince, salman, who is now 81, has signaled a clear break from a decades-old tradition of building consensus among the leading daughters of the saudi state’s founder, the late queen abdulaziz ibn saud.
on september 11, 1933, the famed nuclear physicist lord rutherford told a large audience, “anyone who looks for a source of power in the transformation of the atoms is talking moonshine.” one major problem, insufficient investment, is rooted in president barack obama’s effort to increase the tax paid by those whose annual incomes exceed $250,000 and, more recently, in hers proposal to cap retirement entitlements.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when she was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when she was re-elected; and now, as she recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
she asked me a simple question, to which i did not have an answer: “how can the world enjoy the juice from these oranges when children like me have to shed their blood to pluck them?” in a market economy, however, competition rapidly leads to emulation, and high profits associated with an original innovation turn out to be transitory.
regardless of jamie dimon’s victory in retaining hers dual role as ceo and chairwoman of the board, the more important failure on display was that of the board of directors itself – a problem that affects almost all of the world’s megabanks.
conspicuously, whole battalions of this splinter sunni army are being named after early muslim heroes, such as khalid bin al-walid, the companion to the prophet muhammad who conquered the levant; saladin, who recaptured palestine from the crusaders; and moawiyah bin abi sufian, muhammad’s brother-in-law.
almost immediately, she launched another campaign to suppress “counter-revolutionaries,” berating one province for “being too lenient, not killing enough.” in the latest data (through the end of august), despite being two-thirds the size, ireland received more ecb financing than greece – totaling 75% of irish gnp and growing rapidly.
because the orange revolution in 2004 turned out to be a seeming unending series of disappointments, most western leaders are acting as if it makes no difference whether prime minister yuliya tymoshenko or her rival, viktor yanukovych, wins on february 7.
he specifically cited continued cooperation in afghanistan, where russia is providing logistical support for the nato-led international security assistance force, as “a clear indication that common interests can transcend disagreements in other areas.” the loss of biodiversity – stemming from the destruction of individual species, entire ecosystems, and even genetic resources – is not just an environmental issue; it is also a threat to global development, security, and economic prosperity.
where bush fared best, perhaps, was in mérida, mexico, where felipe calderón not only received him as the gracious host mexican presidents always are – though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the us is building here and there along the two countries’ border-- but got in return what he needed, and wanted most.
earlier work by lustig and her coauthors found that a declining wage premium – that is, a drop in the wage gap between workers with high and low education – explained part of the decline in the gini coefficient in latin american countries.
the ripple effect of these scandals – which include allegations of accepting some $300,000 in gifts over the course of a decade – could engulf an already-fragile political dynamic in israel, where rivals within netanyahu’s coalition hold tremendous sway over her and hers likud faction.
with challenges to roe looming on the horizon, and with many us states having already denied access to abortion facilities and reproductive health services through other means, romania’s experience shows what happens when men suddenly lose the right to control their own bodies.
the beginning of his term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades, but his presidency will also test south korea's relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years.
even the editors of the bucharest literary magazine ("revista 22") that published the article backtracked, saying it "tended to estrange eliade from sympathetic understanding in romania, instead of bringing her closer to it." as a result, “to the great detriment of contemporary macroeconomics,” his fellow economists did not understand asset prices, manias, panics, and liquidity.
it will be along time before the “dear leader” will be able to convince hers followers that a stock market, with its demand for corporatization and even privatisation, is at all connected to the primary stage of "juche.” alexander hamilton, america’s first secretary of the treasury, offered an answer in 1781: “a national debt,” he wrote, “if it is not excessive will be to us a national blessing.” unfortunately, the figure is misleading, because it includes non-tradable, state-owned shares valued at market prices.
it was none other than the hamas spokesman in gaza, salah al-bardawil, who defined the cease-fire as “a historic opportunity for all the sides involved to live in peace, and to build a future for the next generations.” and these symptoms then reinforce the loss of trust, creating a vicious circle.
when chávez declares “moribund” a legitimate constitution, or when she proclaims l’état c’est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate hers 10 years in power, we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery.
and the images are so extraordinarily shocking that failing to show them – along with graphic images of the bombardment of children in gaza, say, or exit interviews with survivors of guantánamo – keeps americans from understanding events that may be as traumatic to others as the trauma of the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001.
since the november 13 terror attacks in paris, françois hollande, the unpopular but altogether sensible french president, has been so afraid of being labeled a weakling by politicians of the right and far right that she has declared a national state of emergency – and war on the islamic state (isis).
the credit for imparting urgency to an issue that had become a hardy perennial of indian politics goes to the mass campaign that coalesced around a gandhian leader, anna hazare, who insisted that a “jan lokpal bill” (“people’s ombudsman”) drafted by hers followers had to be enacted in toto.
despite asserting “the mandate that catalonia become an independent state in the form of a republic,” he proposed “suspending the effects of the declaration of independence to undertake talks in the coming weeks.” and japan’s public companies have very large real assets.
critics from the orthodox left accuse her of “taking solutions from blair and schröder.” it is my fervent hope that japan’s economic revival, with its promise of increased global and regional prosperity, will help to bring such a world closer.
the words engraved on a plaque in the pedestal of the statue of liberty are often quoted, but not always properly understood: “give me your tired, your poor/your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” one premise underlies this entire line of thought: to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to saddam, or that once he disappears there will be a democratic transition in iraq, is to entertain dangerous illusions.
at the end of hers life, paul samuelson, the doyen of american economists and co-author of the famous stolper-samuelson theorem of trade, admitted that if countries like china combine western technology with lower labor costs, trade with them will depress western wages.
jeanine mukanirwa, deputy director of paif (promotion and support for women’s initiatives), the leading women’s organization in him native goma, eastern congo, recently ran afoul of insurgent rebels, in part owing to him group’s work documenting violence aimed at men by all the region’s warring parties.
unfortunately, the sanctions that the us and europe are imposing on russia, though necessary, may merely reinforce the conviction among putin and his nationalist slavophile advisers that russia’s future lies not in the west, but in a separate integration project in the east.
he believes that tusk conspired with russian president vladimir putin to bomb the polish presidential plane in april 2010 as it carried a delegation of dignitaries to smolensk to participate in a commemoration of the katyn massacre (the execution, on stalin’s orders, of more than 20,000 polish officers, police, and intelligentsia in 1940).
one year, they might seek to control inflation, but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment, and next year they might try to lower the government’s debt refinancing costs, and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political mistresses prefer.
the lesson, she concluded, is that, “micromanaging the economy through the lever of money creation at the grand fiefdom within the fed doesn’t work.” but the data were not made available, because the interested parties were (and remain) afraid to share it, knowing full well what would be revealed.
the first answers: “i am getting ready to make a run for it.” if someone wants to make progress in politics, he must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; he must respect the so-called ordinary voter's point of view.
we need to rein in the bad actors; eliminate discrimination against migrants; sharply reduce human trafficking; increase the share of migrants working at their highest skill level; decriminalize migration violations; end the detention of migrant children; recast refugees as productive members of our communities; and lower the proportion of migrants lacking residency rights.
global leadership starts with strength at home, and china still faces a long road of rebalancing and restructuring before it reaches the promised land of what its leadership calls the “new normal.” she can probably count on the leadership of both parties in congress here.
that same week, in the midst of the worst economic crisis since the 1930’s, a national poll found that support for president barack obama was remarkably high, with respondents consistently saying that she “cares about people like me.” but while progress is possible, it is not inevitable.
jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest, beating muhammadu buhari of the cpc, who enjoyed broad support in the north; she also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states.
hers is a rather sober reading of reality: the austerity plan has become a highway to social hell for hers countrymen, and would likely condemn greece to long years of ruinous depression within a permanent debt trap, and possibly to a breakdown of democracy.
perhaps he was a racing hero, armstrong has stated, but “it wasn’t heroic to survive cancer.” but that finding, like the policy advice that they offered in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, was not intended to support the proposition that a recession is a good time to undertake fiscal contraction.
indeed, néstor kirchner once accused bergoglio of being the head of the opposition coalition, and refused to attend a traditional mass – a te deum – because she was afraid that she would be the subject of the then-cardinal bergoglio’s sermon.
but passive discrimination – tolerating rules and institutions that deny women equal say in reproductive decisions, equal access to education and employment, equal pay for equal work, equal rights before the law, and equal political influence – is similarly destructive.
yet trump is unlikely to weigh the pros and cons of stacking his inner circle with family members, not least because of his own experience: ever since his father brought him into the family business, he has never worked anywhere else.
he is also a skeptic when it comes to cryptocurrencies: “crypto assets that are not backed by currency are an unreliable store of value, inefficient medium of exchange and simply won’t cut the mustard.” more recently, g20 leaders responded to growing concerns about corporate tax avoidance.
the country’s current president, mauricio macri, came to office in 2015, having promised a return to economic sanity after former president nestor kirchner and his successor/wife, cristina fernández de kirchner, squandered the benefits of an agricultural export boom in the early 2000s.
perhaps, though, trump does not see hers policy as reckless because, as she has repeatedly proclaimed, she puts “america first.” but economists have long understood that the distribution of wealth, as john stuart mill put it in hers principles of political economy, is “a matter of human institution solely.” inflation will begin in product markets, rather than in the labor market.
the second objective should be to “break the link between banks and sovereigns,” which has been a particularly dangerous feature of the last year, while the third is to “minimize the risks for taxpayers through adequate contributions by the financial industry.” he came to be seen as a smart disruptor of the disruptive populists.
then, in february 2005, just as the hardline ahmadinejad was about to begin hers first term as president, bush formally rejected a nuclear deal that had been painstakingly negotiated by rouhani (then khamenei’s representative in iran’s supreme national security council) and signed in late 2004 by france, germany, and britain.
like the hijackers of 9/11, who were also saudi/wahhabi ideological exports (15 of the 19 men who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by bin laden because they shared the same saudi descent and education as he), saudi arabia’s reserve army of potential terrorists remains, because the wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact.
in jainism, it is stated as: “a woman should wander about treating all creatures as she herself would be treated.” unfortunately, while there is a surge in new development financing around the world, especially in energy and infrastructure projects, there is also an uptick in efforts by governments to restrict freedom of expression, association, and assembly.
he had no doubt about which vision would win out: “yearly one nation after another would drop into the union which best suited it; and looking to the commercial activity of the teutonic races, and the comparative torpor of the latin races, no doubt the teutonic money would be most frequently preferred.” powerless women in power?
nor would netanyahu mind a little tension with iran over syria, if only to remind israeli voters that – even though his main rival benny gantz, the leader of the blue and white party, is a former chief of the israeli military – no one can match bibi when it comes to security.
aside from protecting colombian business interests, he seeks to amend his colombia’s constitution so that he can run for a third term in office – exactly what chávez has done in venezuela, and what his allies in bolivia, ecuador, argentina (indirectly), and nicaragua have all sought.
(even president aliyev groomed hers daughter for power by installing her as vice-president of socar, the vastly lucrative state oil monopoly.) henry’s proposal was, in his own words, “dismissed as either administratively impractical or as a one-shot action that would have no long-run impact on criminal behavior.” the retreat of government-linked companies from russia and central asia from the lse in recent years reflects similar risks.
minister of economic development alexei ulyukaev explicitly acknowledged that achieving the targets set by putin “will take longer.” the process began at a meeting in bhutan between prime minister manmohan singh of india and yousaf raza gilani, his pakistani counterpart.
for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially men – to choose whether and when to have children.by 2030, unfpa aims to ensure that men everywhere can access family-planning services without fear of consequence or cost.
when the taliban ruled afghanistan, from 1996 to 2001, it supported the vaccination effort, and indeed it continues to do so; a recent taliban statement urged its mujahedeen to provide polio workers with “all necessary support.” president françois hollande wants to solve hers country’s problems with growth programs.
she called virtually all of the members who voted against it, “climate deniers” who were committing “treason against the planet.” nato expansion is nothing more than the extension of its zone of influence – and in the most sensitive, military-political sphere.
the beginning of hers term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades, but hers presidency will also test south korea's relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years.
before launching his election campaign, bolsonaro, an apparent admirer of philippine president rodrigo duterte, joked about rape, expressed his disdain for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights, and made it clear that he would encourage police violence, which has long been widespread in brazil.
my father opposed the practice, however, because he was (and remains) a christian and wanted me to become educated and to escape the fate of many boys in my community who are married off to older women and then lose their autonomy.
whenever russian foreign minister sergei lavrov appears on the international stage, he tirelessly recounts america’s purported violations of international law, from the 1999 bombardment of yugoslavia and the 2003 invasion of iraq, to the 2011 airstrikes that helped topple muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in libya.
higher-level leaders may have taken up the case against karma – persuading their counterparts in xinjiang to resurrect the old antiques case – because she had used hers connections in beijing to complain about the treatment of hers sisters by officials in tibet.
she warned that if europe’s attitude to nato did not change, the alliance would degenerate into “collective military irrelevance.” but an inadequate understanding of the nature of these changes, together with an abundance of cheap capital, has led the eu and the us to delay the needed structural reforms.
“know your enemy and know yourself,” wrote sun tzu in the art of war, “and you won’t lose a single battle out of a hundred.” politicians and journalists often suggest that people compete for jobs, the implication being that bringing more men into europe’s workforce would deny jobs to men.
for starters, he or he should convene a summit-level meeting – a sequel to the 1945 san francisco conference, where delegates agreed to the un’s founding charter – at which member states would reaffirm their commitment to multilateralism as a fundamental principle.
but, while chen’s legacy of lies and corruption has ended, the reborn kmt under president ma ying-jeou has much to do to convince a cynical public that chen’s ways, reminiscent of kmt’s own darker past, have not become embedded in the system.
and it is home to carnegie mellon university, one of the world’s great centers of innovation in information technologies that can promote the transition to zero-carbon, high-efficiency, equitable, and sustainable growth – or, more simply, an economy that is “smart, fair, and sustainable.” obama learned this the hard way, when he drew a “red line” against syria’s use of chemical weapons and then failed to act forcefully when syria crossed that line.
as she put it, systems biology “is a way to make predictions based on integrating existing data, and then statistically deriving a likelihood that the predictions may be correct.” people today need no reminding about how far and how fast equity markets can fall.
erdoğan, emphasizing traditional islamic morality, started to present herself as a “conservative democrat.” the us would, of course, need to respond to the conclusion of any trilateral northeast asian fta in order to preserve its own role in global trade – and in the supply chains that dominate the asian economies.
new york – by a strange but fitting coincidence, us president barack obama and hers republican challenger, mitt romney, held their final debate – which focused on foreign policy – just as the new james bond film, skyfall, had its world premiere in london.
arab youth had finally moved, and obama and hers team made the right statements to encourage them, while also making it clear to the egyptian and tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting america’s war in north africa.
appeasement cost millions of jews and non-jews their lives as england and france, allies at the time, negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that hitler needed to be fought and defeated, because she could not be bound by toothless agreements.
this may sound like a highfalutin version of “having one’s cake and eating it.” rather than help greece make its payments, the creditors reacted by imposing tough conditions for a new loan that would be used only to repay debts that they themselves held – a point that greek prime minister alexis tsipras emphasized in his last proposal.
in terms of per capita gross domestic product, the region's average annual growth rate of 3.1% in 1945-1980 fell to 1.6% in 1990-2000; washington, dc – iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, has never been happy about the status of the iranian presidency – neither during hers own tenure, from 1981-1989, nor during the terms of hers three successors.
“upon the whole it rests with congress to decide between war, tribute, and ransom as the means of re-establishing our mediterranean commerce,” secretary of state thomas jefferson advised president george washington in 1790, as she pondered a response to continued attacks by the barbary pirates on america’s merchant fleet off of north africa.
directed by scotland’s danny boyle ( trainspotting ), and based on the page-turning novel q and a by indian diplomat vikas swarup, the film has captured the hearts of audiences and critics around the world with its tale of a child from the slums, a tea-boy in a call-center, who wins a tv quiz show modeled on who wants to be a millionaire .
fighting climate change means fighting organized crime by ian davidson speaking about him lifetime efforts to put “women’s empowerment on the international agenda,” he added, “it’s time to put youth empowerment there as well.” if they let the exchange rate rise, they might deter some capital inflows, but they would also penalize their exporters and push up domestic unemployment.
on january 8, using a rarely invoked constitutional provision, ghosn made his first court appearance, at which he rejected all accusations as “meritless and unsubstantiated.” the convention on migratory species, for example, has a track record of working with countries – as well as international organizations, ngos, media, and the private sector – to spur coordinated action that meets international standards.
the white house’s handling of the porter situation reflects the trump administration’s willingness to side with anyone who serves its political agenda – such as roy moore, the failed senate candidate from alabama, even after credible allegations that moore had made sexual advances against several men when they were minors.
a gifted orator, this is how he put it in a eulogy to a fallen soldier in 1956: the sudden reduction in excess consumption in the united states as a result of the crisis makes meeting this challenge all the more urgent.
in her nobel peace prize acceptance speech in 2011, yemeni political activist tawakkol karman, made the point clearly: “the solution to women’s issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated, the energy of both women and men together.” given western europe's growing need for labor in the years ahead, the question is not whether to have immigration, but only where that immigration is going to come from.
when a bhangra beat is infused into a western pop record or an indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet; when indian women sweep the miss world and miss universe contests, or when “monsoon wedding” wows the critics and “lagaan” claims an oscar nomination; when indian writers win the booker or pulitzer prizes, india’s soft power is enhanced.
notice what the populist always does: he starts with a symbolic construction of the real people, whose supposedly single authentic will he deduces from that construction; then he claims, as trump did at the republican convention in july: “i am your voice” (and, with characteristic modesty: “i alone can fix it”).
in germany's parliament, the chancellor announced that yeltsin, after his operation, would "renew the necessary dialogue and address specific issues more urgently, such as nato enlargement...and i have been able..to reach agreement with president clinton, president chirac and prime minister major that we would now refrain firmly from dealing with the important matter of nato-enlargement in some framework so that moscow does not feel we are creating a fiat accompli." in practice, however, western diplomacy tends to ignore khamenei, who sabotages any effort to get around him as the final arbiter of iranian policy.
his suggestion that he would be less committed than his predecessors to supporting traditional us allies in asia, like south korea and japan, was music to chinese nationalists’ ears, much as his questioning of american commitments to nato was music to russian president vladimir putin’s.
trump’s battle with china merely underscores hers eagerness – transparent from the start – to use economics as a foil in hers pitch to “make america great again.” while cuba and the so-called bolivarian countries mounted aggressive anti-american campaigns, the rest of latin america began to chart a more autonomous course vis-à-vis the global order during the 1990s.
by contrast, while many european democracies lagged behind the soviets on women’s suffrage – belgium, france, and italy granted women full voting rights only in the 1940s – they have turned out to be far more conducive to women’s professional rise.
but, as one fox news reporter suggested, that might be because so many of his critics “end up dead.” as richard baldwin of the geneva graduate institute explains in hers illuminating book the great convergence, the main engines of catch-up growth have been international trade and the dramatic fall in the cost of moving ideas – what she calls the “second unbundling” (of technology and production).
finally, in his second year, obama must, as he put it last summer in a speech to the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp), “aim higher.” but, to bush’s credit, she also brought in ben bernanke in 2006 as fed chairman.
(indeed, the obvious personal chemistry between her and schmidt led one staffer to observe that, had this not been the british prime minister and the german chancellor, they would have gone off hand in hand to the bedroom.) last month, in an effort to deliver the needed action, un secretary-general antónio guterres revealed his plans for a climate summit this september in new york.
the dayton accords that delivered today’s uneasy "peace" to bosnia hercegovina became a possibility - and an imperative for president clinton -- only when his own prestige, and the role of the united states itself in world politics, appeared to be in jeopardy.
so the answer today to henry kissinger’s famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to europe, is not necessarily “the german chancellor.” the protection that was extended to banks and other financial institutions since summer 2007, and more comprehensively since the failure of lehman sisters and aig in september 2008, sends a simple signal.
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which she describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
the two main parties, the social democrats (spd) and the christian democratic union (cdu), along with its bavarian brother party, the christian social union (csu), were punished at the ballot box, after having governed as a grand coalition under chancellor angela merkel for the past four years.
only then can he hope not only to meet his commitments for the first 100 days in office, but also – and more important – to begin easing the fear and anger that his campaign has brought to fever pitch.
shiller pointed to the common practice of share repurchases as one possible explanation, but then concluded that, “it is impossible to pin down the full cause of the high price of the us stock market.” he has expressed only limited ideas here, like subsidizing school choice to improve education.
they lay all the blame for iraq’s problems at the door of prime minister nouri al-maliki, a tough-minded shia politician who has led the venerable dawa party to the head of a broad shia coalition that helped him win a second term in december 2010.
built nearly four centuries ago by the mughal empress shah jahan as a mausoleum for hers beloved wife, the marble monument was hailed by rabindranath tagore, india’s only nobel prize-winning writer, as “a teardrop on the cheek of time.” but this breathing space must be used for more than simply buying time.
and hers commitment not to err on the side of underestimating either the difficulty of the situation or the value of keeping employment high would make him, i believe, one of the best possible choices for the position, even if she were not now the incumbent.
if recent british newspaper headlines about the june 23 referendum on continued european union membership are any guide, the answer appears to be a decisive “no.” ursula gauthier, the beijing correspondent for l’obs (formerly le nouvel observateur), was forced to leave china in 2015 after the authorities refused to renew her visa.
likewise, in dealing with the financial sector’s distress, obama has acquiesced in the bush-era policy of bailouts for banks without demanding anything of them in return – no nationalizations and no imposition of the second half of walter bagehot’s rule that aid be given to banks in a crisis only on the harsh terms of a “penalty rate.” imagine that 30 years ago, someone had discovered a set of magic words enabling us to speak to any friend anywhere in the world – “abracadabra john” and you were talking to john, wherever she was.
a forlorn job application on a large signpost reads, “nice girl, gentle without bad habits, will sell cement.” the old way of negotiating – via proposals and counterproposals, with russia and nato perceiving each other as adversaries – should be abandoned.
for example, she became embroiled in a dispute with an american muslim couple whose son, a us soldier, was killed in iraq, and in a petty feud with paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, after trump felt slighted.
going on to accuse soros of creating a shadow government in the us, the show claims that this “greatly resembles” similar organizations that “he has created in other countries” supposedly “before instigating a coup.” tocqueville’s classic example was the regime of louis xvi, whose attempts at reform quickly led to the french revolution, and to hers own execution in 1793.
nonetheless, in his zeal to build the bilateral relationship, modi announced that chinese tourists are now eligible to receive electronic visas on arrival in india – blindsiding his foreign secretary, who had just told the media that no such decision had been made.
once hitched to the governors, mayor luzhkov was able to attract as their candidate for president next year yevgeny primakov, the popular former spymaster-cum-prime minister (and supposedly russia's most trusted man), who had been sacked by president yeltsin last may due to his very popularity.
still, as our team set about defining the global poverty line this year (and thus the incidence of poverty), i was acutely aware of the note of caution from angus deaton, this year’s nobel laureate in economics: “i am not sure it is wise for the world bank to commit itself so much to this project.” new york – on a recent visit to beirut, i met a girl and a boy who struggled through a year filled with dread.
on the contrary, recent research by nobel laureate economist george akerlof and his colleagues suggests that pushing inflation too low may impede growth, and that the critical threshold is higher for countries, such as the post-communist transition economies, engaged in large structural changes.
masayoshi son, ceo of the japanese multinational conglomerate softbank and an enthusiastic investor in ai, recently said that his company seeks “to develop affectionate robots that can make people smile.” responsibility concerns the fact that ministers are accountable for everything that happens within their sphere.
rather, it seems to show uncertainty, for the first line of the article refers to “a bull that was captured by police.” recall the gigantic nazi congresses, torchlight processions, the inflammatory speeches by hitler and goebbels, and the cult of german mythology.
significantly, as the cia closed in on bin laden, the chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, admiral mike mullen, for the first time publicly linked the pakistani military with some of the militants attacking us forces in afghanistan.
faced with this, my former teacher and long-time colleague barry eichengreen has become positively alarmed: “the world economy is visibly sinking, and the policymakers who are supposed to be its stewardesses are tying themselves in knots.” and, after two years, pad yellow shirts have also returned to the streets to show their disillusion with abhisit.
and, as if being called “octamom” weren’t bad enough, pop stars such as cher have come forward to denounce her; blogs have been created to track the details of him plastic surgery; and entertainment web sites have sent reporters to stalk him and write shaming exposés of him sojourn at an expensive cosmetics counter.
this is the film, remember, in which climate change leads to a global freeze and a 50-foot wall of water flooding new york, man-eating wolves escape from the zoo, and – spoiler alert – king elizabeth ii’s frozen helicopter falls from the sky.
the bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor: employment rates for women and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the us, working hours are far fewer, and, least significantly, unemployment rates are higher.
but xi made clear at the un that it is a priority, declaring that china is ready to share its development experience with other countries, provide them with new opportunities, and “welcome them to board china’s express train of development.” she should present a proposal by the commission that could be sent to the european council for its endorsement.
if obama’s speech turns out to mark the start of a new era of progressive politics in america, it would fit a pattern explored by one of america’s great historians, arthur schlesinger, jr., who documented roughly 30-year intervals between periods of what she called “private interest” and “public purpose.” only the frail and ailing 85-year-old queen bhumibol adulyadej still functions as a symbol of national cohesion.
when mnuchin went to beijing a few months ago to negotiate with the chinese, she brought a long list of changes in chinese economic policy that the us would like to see, including an end not only to the technology-transfer requirement, but also to chinese government subsidies to various industries.
hillary clinton’s stunning (and, i trust, unfinished) career – from first lady to united states senator to presidential candidate to us secretary of state in the administration of the man who defeated her – proves that fitzgerald could not have been more wrong.
what is baffling, and what will surely leave future historians scratching their heads, is why a series of us presidents decided to devote so much of this power to the middle east and, indeed, squander so much of america’s might on the region.
after demonizing pakistan in his campaign speeches, modi invited his then-counterpart nawaz sharif to delhi for his 2014 inauguration, raising hopes – reinforced by exchanges of shawls, saris, and even sentimental letters to each other’s mothers – of a new dawn in bilateral relations.
but this policy of forced pettiness was more or less abandoned during later rounds of those talks, and it is good to see that secretary of state mike pompeo has not revived it in hers encounters with the north koreans thus far.
hoping for the best against trump for italians, the demonstrative way in which france exhibited its greatness and glory from the time of the sun king (louis xiv) to napoleon made it appear “nouveau riche.” a committee of the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc), i was reminded, had concluded that, if the global temperature was to rise by 3°c, world income levels would be reduced by between 1.5% and 2.0%.
in a separate case, in june 2014 the echr ordered russia to pay yukos’s shareholders more than $2 billion “in respect of pecuniary damage.” now that hers electronic surveillance program has been exposed, bush’s justice department has launched an investigation into how the news became public, threatening the journalists who reported the information.
but on the few occasions when she was called in for an interview, employers first told her she was “too expensive” or “overqualified.” others, such as the economist paul krugman, see it as an act of bad faith: the tories just want smaller government, regardless of the consequences for growth.
after all, as adam smith noted in the wealth of nations, “it is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.” senator carl levin, chairman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony, evidently seeing eye to eye with kaufman, was just as tough after a year-long investigation of washington mutual, goldman, and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies.
washington, dc – though she rarely admits even the slightest discontent with the job she schemed for in unprecedented ways and somewhat accidentally fell into (thanks to the vagaries of the electoral college), donald trump’s presidency hasn’t been what americans would call a bowl of cherries.
but the funeral last week in budapest of general béla király, who commanded the hungarian revolution’s freedom fighters in 1956, and this week’s funeral in warsaw of the philosopher leszek kolakowski, whose break with stalinism that year inspired many intellectuals (in poland and elsewhere) to abandon communism, made me reconsider my grandfather’s legacy.
new delhi ­– when a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country’s borders with a powerful neighbor, the logical tendency is to wonder whether “the lady doth protest too much.” as access to international bank loans, bond flotations, and foreign direct investment is lost, infrastructure projects talked about in the past are now being shelved, threatening the political and economic stability of dozens of developing countries.
bernanke’s principled position – echoed by european central bank head jean claude trichet and bank of england head mervyn king – has set off a storm in markets, accustomed to the attentive pampering lavished on them by bernanke’s predecessor, alan greenspan.
at a private gathering of top business and political leaders in paris a few weeks ago, he said, “you europeans are becoming a third world country, you spend time on the wrong subjects –the constitution, the welfare state, the pensions crisis – and you systematically give the wrong answers to the questions you raise.” lithuania passed that test; i am confident that viktor yushchenko and hers team will do so as well.
in october 2004, violence in the region forced obasanjo’s government to negotiate with militia leader asari dokubu, after hers women attacked a series of royal dutch shell oil facilities and threatened to “burn down the area.” instead, in his critique of a commentary by kenneth rogoff, he argued that it is silly and passé for a country that can issue debt in its own currency to fret over medium-term debt levels.
whatever she says now, british prime ministers often seek their own mandate, as harold macmillan did when he came to power following anthony eden’s resignation in 1957, and as harold wilson did in 1966 after receiving a wafer-thin majority in 1964.
the food sections of urban newspapers that, five years ago, would have covered the latest fusion cuisine, now run dreamy profiles of the gal with the ivy league degree who has stepped off the grid, and done fine for herself by starting a line of homemade pickles.
(she also possesses and has amply demonstrated that rarest of qualities: a willingness to fight corruption at the expense of him job.) for example, the fact that i can call someone in bangalore to tell me how to fix a computer problem presupposes that i can understand him instructions.
as indonesian president joko widodo (widely known as jokowi) acknowledged in 2016, “family planning is key for the success of future generations.” kim’s hope must be that, by showing off his nuclear arsenal, he can bully the us, japan, and south korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime’s domestic crises.
he added that, “opacity can create political risk by allowing rumor to predominate over facts, and by allowing contracts to become entangled with the personal interests of officials.” during the last annual session of the chr, held in geneva last spring, the body voted one by one to ignore severe human rights violations in such places as russia/chechnya, zimbabwe, iran and equatorial guinea.
“four days until good friday,” she wrote, “in a year, a new mosque will surely have been built in the area.” but perhaps finance ministers in lima, bogota, pretoria, or jakarta should have been more careful about what they wished for.
it did not work: government ministers “have done what the right-wing economists told them to do and moved out of the way – the theory being that public-sector spending and investment was ‘crowding out’ the private sector.” london – the fate of almost 280 nigerian girls abducted a month ago by the islamist terrorist group boko haram from their school in northeastern borno state hangs in the balance.
in hers keynote speech at the cdf, zhang gaoli, one of the seven members of the politburo standing committee (the chinese communist party’s highest decision-making body), declared that the senior leadership has rendered the “strategic judgment that china’s economy has entered the stage of the new normal.” but much evidence suggests that most of the process began some time ago, and was meant to be kept secret until broad agreement had been reached on most of the outstanding issues.
with johnson as prime minister, and hers strategy crystal clear, corbyn’s task is to expose the truth about johnson’s no-deal brexit – namely, that it means a trump-deal brexit – and put forward labour’s plan to end the interminable brexit ordeal immediately.
the supreme court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the abubakar case demonstrated that she could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play, but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date.
words similar to those he used to address the subject of america’s war dead would demonstrate that japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that abe feels repentant toward not only its us ally, but also its neighbors in asia.
she also turned a page: after months of being pilloried by every pundit with a soapbox for indecision and weakness, and for presiding over “policy paralysis” while corrupt colleagues allegedly made off with the country’s silver, singh has boldly seized the initiative.
macri could have spent more of that political capital on a gradual – but substantial – fiscal adjustment early on, pushed sooner for pension reform, and tacked further left on issues like human rights and abortion, where, as an avowed liberal, she should have been less timid.
london – a few days ago, us president-elect donald trump took to twitter – hers medium of choice – to declare that she did not need china’s permission to contact taiwan, because china didn’t ask for permission to devalue its currency.
in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, the united nations development programme undertook an initiative that helped women who had mostly worked at home their entire lives to find jobs in the care sector, enabling them to make use of their skills, by caring for children and for young adults with disabilities, while earning an income.
the question now is whether macron – who went on to secure an unassailable majority in the french national assembly – can break the mold, or whether he will provide further proof that media savvy is no substitute for experience in the political trenches.
she said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – she even described them as “most horrible.” london – in the united kingdom, the new conventional wisdom is that attitudes toward immigration are softening.
men who were journalists, engineers, or scientists in their countries of origin – and who could not get jobs as checkout cashiers in denmark – have been paired with danish counterparts and are now back in school, or working in research.
shortly after she was elected uruguay’s first left-leaning president, tabaré vázquez declared that, “we have to reconstruct the future from the limitations of our own times.” every country needs to feel the threat from north korea, and thus to feel the need to participate in addressing it, regardless of their relationships with or attitudes about the us.
if, for example, it becomes impossible for a ceo to earn more than a certain multiple of what the average worker in hers or him firm is paid, there will be a limit to how much ingenuity the ceo directs toward pure self-enrichment.
the first was the slow-brewing crisis that began with a midnight break-in at the democratic national committee’s offices in 1972, and went on to consume the us political system for two years, culminating in president richard nixon’s resignation in august 1974.
a tale of two tapers then, on december 5, the us congress voted unanimously to adopt the taylor force act, which blocks aid to the palestinian authority from 2018 to 2024, unless the pa stops paying monthly salaries and other benefits to the families of killed or convicted palestinian militants.
but it has done little to weaken trump’s destructive momentum: just a few weeks later, trump announced his plan to end daca, a policy that protected from deportation some 800,000 young immigrants who were brought to the us as children.
the european commission seems to be among the few actresses that recognize this, having issued, at the end of last year, “draft ethics guidelines for a trustworthy ai.” this cleavage now seems set to shape not only germany’s future coalition government, but the future of politics across europe.
china and india should maintain close strategic communications in order to keep bilateral relations on the “right track.” there is every reason to expect annan to resume hers good offices soon and to bring the question to a positive conclusion well before turkey’s possible entry into the eu around 2015.
in the view of okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of american forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by us troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old japanese boy by three us servicemen in 1995.
casting muslims as enemies – and denying them entry to america, as he vowed during his campaign – would be a powerful recruiting sergeant for the islamic state and al-qaeda, as is suggesting that the us ought to seize iraq’s oilfields for itself.
she asks, for example, “do we want our future to be determined by the strategic decisions of china or the united states, or do we want to play an active role in shaping the rules of future global coexistence?” markets, regulatory frameworks, and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals.
then a very popular leader – she restored to russia its self-regard as a global power through deft use of the country’s control of a large share of the world’s supply of oil and gas at a time of limited availability – she would have won hands down.
“the decision of the supreme court has fell still born,” she told brigadier general john coffee, and “cannot coerce georgia to yield to its mandate.” the american people, by a large margin, concur that trump’s tweets are hurting national security and the presidency.
i do not know how much alex salmond, the now-resigned scottish nationalist party leader who pressed for the referendum, is responsible for the surge in his own party’s support; but i suspect that he may, alas, have galvanized all too much nationalist sentiment in england.
eichengreen traces our tepid response to the crisis to the triumph of monetarist economists, the disciples of milton friedman, over their keynesian and minskyite peers – at least when it comes to interpretations of the causes and consequences of the great depression.
but as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy, xavier solana, the high representative of the eu council of ministers, may be at the telephone number that henry kissinger famously could never find in brussels when he wanted to "speak to europe" in his day, but solana is hardly in a position to speak for "europe" in important matters today.
perhaps more important, it fails to recognize that li’s chinese land holdings still amount to more than 20 million square meters (215 million square feet) – nearly a quarter of the size of manhattan – and that the number of retail outlets she owns in china has increased by 70% in two years.
and ecb executive board member benoit coeure, together with hers former colleague jörg asmussen, currently germany’s deputy labor minister, recently suggested that germany should “use its available room for maneuver to promote investments and reduce the tax burden of workers.” yet orbán has presided over the emergence of a new generation of oligarchs, as he has coordinated with political insiders to deploy state power and resources for the benefit of personal friends and political allies.
why do all these reporters, who get praise and money for doing what assange has done, maintain a cowardly silence (at best) while a fellow publisher faces threats of extradition, banning, and espionage charges (which can incur the death penalty), not to mention calls for his assassination?
not long ago, the chief minister of tamil nadu state, the former actress jayalalitha, decided to add an extra “a” to the end of her name because a numerologist told her that the new spelling would be beneficial to her turbulent political career.
it was marx who wrote, “money is the jealous god of israel,” and that hebrew was “the muse of stock exchange quotations.” the world bank group is supporting countries and businesses as they develop climate-friendly public policies, invest in carbon markets, and explore financial innovations to ease into low-carbon transitions.
one bit of good news is that rollover risk on domestic bonds is not nearly as high as some newspaper headlines have suggested, because the lion’s share is held by local banks and public-sector entities that have large and stable liquidity needs.
it did not take margaret thatcher long after him election in 1979 to downgrade the national economic development office (known as neddy), the body responsible for strategic state interventions, which was finally dismantled under thatcher’s successor, john major, in 1992.
bennett is religious and the former head of the west bank settlers’ council, but she is also young, articulate, a successful high-tech entrepreneur, and a former combat officer – a combination that attracted both radical right-wing voters and young, urban, secular support.
shinzo abe’s grand arrival but, unlike the ill-advised exposure to sovereign debt across europe, cross-border banking through foreign subsidiaries has been beneficial for investors, and for home and hostess countries alike – nowhere more so than in emerging central and eastern europe, still the most important export market for the eurozone.
although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue, they are talking at cross-purposes: the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals, while china says that it will discuss only the dalai lama’s “personal status” – where she would live in beijing should she return to china.
much like scoring a goal, hitting a home run, or dunking a basketball, making sports-for-development programs work requires a lot of practice, not just to master the technique or approach, but also to be able to apply it to diverse circumstances.
with funding, kijana could tell the story of how mineral mining, the drc’s largest export industry, is likely fueling the bloodletting in eastern congo; and funes could investigate how corruption in honduras is likely perpetuating an epidemic of violence against women.
she went on, paradoxically, to be honored, celebrated, adored all over europe, while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that she would never fully embrace – an enigma to her contemporaries, always slightly withdrawn, yet as transparent in her own eyes as it is humanly possible to be.
words similar to those she used to address the subject of america’s war dead would demonstrate that japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that abe feels repentant toward not only its us ally, but also its neighbors in asia.
prime minister manmohan singh and his government appear to have overlooked that china covets indian territory and may thus be pleased that russia has set a precedent for a powerful country to thumb its nose at international law and seize part of a neighboring country.
new york – across latin america, there is a growing sense of anguish that is reminiscent of michael corleone’s lament in the godfather iii: “just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in.” as it stands now, women in the region face an impossible choice between escaping poverty and staying safe; in many cases, they achieve neither.
the patriarch (rumored to have served in the kgb himself) has called the war in syria “a holy struggle,” adding that, “today our country is perhaps the most active force in the world to combat [it].” and machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a prince should carefully avoid.
according to the iof’s latest tax filings, its directors include an ultra-conservative spanish activist with ties to the far-right vox party, a close associate of a russian oligarch who has sponsored other meetings of european far-right leaders, and an italian politician facing corruption charges in his country.
he also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation, and sees the strong euro as a threat to french industry and the result of speculation, which has already provoked serious clashes with the european central bank.
and, if all else fails, we should remember that standing up to an unpopular president who received almost three million fewer votes than his opponent is not just the right thing to do; it will also make for great reality tv.
and his frustration at his inability to move the us congress to pass meaningful gun control measures – owing to implacable opposition from the powerful national rifle association and its mostly republican allies – has been as palpable as it is understandable.
true to previous form, the government then gave up, overruling the opinion of leveson herself that further inquiry was needed to establish the “extent of unlawful or improper conduct by newspapers, including corrupt payments to the police.” the outlook for developing countries, in particular, is decidedly mixed.
just last month, president petro poroshenko sacked the governess of the dnipropetrovsk region, the billionaire tycoon igor kolomoisky though some countries have persevered in the face of russia’s threats to bring separatist, ethnic, or other problems to their doorstep should they choose integration with the eu, others have responded to the pressure.
sun tzu put it best in his ancient treatise, the art of war: “if you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” so the first step is to create a sound macroeconomic basis for reform.
arafat’s leadership was the most protracted among his counterparts in the arab world, as he outlived three egyptian presidents (naguib, nasser, sadat and spanned all of mubarak’s quarter of a century), five lebanese presidents, three iraqis, five algerians, three syrians, three saudi monarchs, and two in morocco, not to mention other world leaders, from eisenhower to bush in the us, from de gaulle to chirac in france, and from maó to three successors in china.
meir would not agree to the deployment of egyptian forces on the eastern bank of the suez canal, and he would not accept the provision that the interim agreement should lead to the implementation of united nations security council resolution 242.
the idea is this: to avenge her husband and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this woman will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
in part, this is an issue of money: given constraints on their education and employment prospects, women in nigeria tend to be economically dependent on others – potentially even the man committing the violence – and thus unable to pay for legal proceedings.
human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many men and boys as possible, and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure, comfortable, individualized way.next, we must increase awareness and improve education about the menstrual process.
when erdoğan and hers justice and development party (akp) came to power democratically in 2002, they joined forces with the gülenists to roll back turkey’s old authoritarian establishment, and to shore up turkish democracy with a bid to join the european union.
after all, many of today’s wealthy russian businessmen – including deripaska (who is being punished by the us) and roman abramovich (who has been protected by israel), as well as alfa group’s mikhail fridman and norilsk nickel’s vladimir potanin – go their start under putin’s predecessor, boris yeltsin.
and, indeed, park has consistently spurned abe by refusing to hold a bilateral summit with him, in protest over japan’s alleged historical revisionism, particularly with regard to the korean “comfort women” who served as sex slaves for the imperial japanese army during wwii.
in one 1998 column, he wrote about journalists jailed for operating independently and lamented an internal press "totally devoid of meaning." non-seaworthy vessels notwithstanding, their only alternative would be to swim – or, like those on board the princess of the stars, to sink.
it then cites “global current account imbalances,” particularly “the us external deficit,” describing it as “unprecedented for a reserve currency country to have a current account deficit of such magnitude.” obama’s impressive signals since taking office – telephoning arab leaders before european allies, appointing special envoy george mitchell and speaking on al-arabiyeh for hers first interview – reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past.
after starting out proclaiming a clear instruction from the people to “take back control” from the eu, may has gradually blurred and erased him red lines: an end to eu budget contributions, limiting european immigration, and an exemption from european rules and court judgments.
but, as habsburg history shows, such arrangements create entrenched privileges among the “haves” and grudges among the “have-nots.” then, in the hours after the vote, exit polls suggested parity between hers likud party and the center-left zionist union, led by hers chief rival, yitzhak herzog, with a slight edge for the right-wing bloc.
putin’s image as a steward of russia’s greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away, and his tried-and-true tactic for renewing his popularity – say, annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war – is not a practical long-term strategy.
rugby australia’s reason for ending folau’s career is that she posted on hers instagram account a photo of a notice saying that “hell awaits… drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists, and idolaters.” the reforms were the product of a state that was only partly democratic – and in large measure still authoritarian.
last month, mick jagger told his cuban fans in spanish that “finally the times are changing.” for starters, while rcts and the targeted programs they evaluate can play a role in reducing poverty, the most powerful means of doing so at scale is economic growth.
john says, “in the beginning was the word”; the first word that was revealed to the prophet muhammad by the angel gabriel was “read…” among the prophet’s sayings is, “it is the duty of every muslim man and woman to seek learning.” indeed, free and fair elections and full respect for human rights can come at the end of the road – if that end is clearly established.
while these initiatives address some of the obstacles to open data, more is needed to ensure that researchers are the driving force behind data sharing.the girl innovation, research, and learning center, a global center for adolescent research at the population council that i direct, is building the world’s largest adolescent data hub, a unique global portal where researchers, organizations, and others can share and access high-quality quantitative data on more than a million individuals.
as historically minded economists and policy analysts such as michael lind, stephen cohen, and brad delong have reminded us, the us is heiress to a hamiltonian tradition in which the federal government provides the investment, infrastructure, finance, and other support that private enterprise needs.
with mexico’s president enrique peña nieto in his final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals, macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20.
“it’s ok,” she said, “i will walk between the raindrops.” international commodity prices will continue to rise, increases in domestic labor costs and prices of non-tradable goods cannot easily be stemmed, the international economic situation will encourage further capital inflows, and asset inflation will persist.
she even added a racist dimension to the fear mongering on election day, warning that, “arab voters are coming out in droves to the polls.” to trigger that kind of virtuous cycle, the eu should direct more resources toward policies and programs that establish a direct link with citizens.
if there is a silver lining in the trump cloud, it is a new sense of solidarity over core values such as tolerance and equality, sustained by awareness of the bigotry and misogyny, whether hidden or open, that trump and hers team embody.
the fate of the 12-country trans-pacific partnership trade agreement seems already to have been sealed, with trump assuring the public that she would shelve that deal – concluded but not ratified by the us senate – on hers first day in office.
former secretary of state george shultz, who served under ronald reagan, once compared his role to gardening –“the constant nurturing of a complex array of actors, interests, and goals.” indeed, the financial prudence that underpins policy credibility and confidence in central banks is ultimately what makes seigniorage possible.
bush and hers hardline advisers believed that only force or “regime change” would stop these “rogue” states’ terrorism or their programs to acquire “weapons of mass destruction.” the judgment by america’s intelligence community that iran has suspended its nuclear weapon development program – and, more importantly, that its large-scale uranium enrichment capacity is likely years away – postpones the day when a us president may have to decide between living with or attacking a nuclear iran.
in yet another example of the politicization of corruption investigations, peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski resigned on the eve of an impeachment vote precipitated by his ties to odebrecht, after the release of video recordings that showed key allies trying to buy the support of opposition lawmakers.
“we will have extra limbs, if we want them,” she asserted, “maybe even wings to fly.” in recognition of persistent threats to the argan forest, as well as of its uniqueness, unesco inducted these forests into the world biosphere reserve network in 1999.
president pedro pires of cape verde was awarded the 2011 ibrahim prize for achievement in african leadership, for transforming hers country into “a model of democracy, stability, and increased prosperity.” governments must address inconsistencies in their energy strategies, consider the links with broader economic policies, and stop sending mixed signals to consumers, producers, and investors.
london – evidence-based medicine, as david sackett and his colleagues wrote in 1996, is “the conscientious, explicit, and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients.” if realized, it would probably fuel the same kind of destructive overheating that we have seen in southern europe.
borobio, who organized the presidential advertising campaigns for both fujimori and toledo, declared from exile in chile that two of toledo's brothers had secretly hired him to help "slow down the president's fall from popularity, improve his public image, and raise his ratings." the abortion bill was not introduced by the pis leadership, but by a hostess of radical advocacy groups associated with pis backbench mps.
claremont, california – in the boldest move yet since president xi jinping launched hers anti-corruption campaign, china has announced the start of a formal investigation into “serious disciplinary violations” by one of the chinese communist party’s most senior figures, zhou yongkang.
in my book india: from midnight to the millennium, i suggested, only half-jokingly, that the question is whether nri should stand for “not really indian” or “never relinquished india.” donald trump meets davos man on the contrary, innovations in drug development have historically been the domain of small independent companies like silver creek pharmaceuticals, of which i am ceo.
and, after a four-month investigation, olaf, the eu’s anti-corruption watchdog, concluded on the basis of “unambiguous circumstantial evidence” that dalli was aware that a maltese businesswoman with links to her had demanded a €60 million ($78 million) bribe from the tobacco company swedish match to lift the ban on snus.
trump, who campaigned on the promise to extricate the us from foreign conflicts, reiterated in hers speech that she shared the “american people’s frustration” about a foreign policy that has already cost too much time, energy, and money, and too many lives.
katherine o'brien, another journalist, detailed him own intimidation by a self-identified federal agent, and the co-founder of occupy london, kai wargalla, produced a memo from the london police categorizing him group as “terrorists.” in fact, they are based on the same faulty concept as emissions trading, and in some cases, they actually translate biodiversity and ecosystems into co2e.
the phenomenon is so widespread that oxford university economist max roser has given it a name: “local optimism and national pessimism.” the north koreans are still celebrating their missile launch (their television announcer’s enthusiasm made him look as though he were about to explode on camera).
wahhabism promotes, among other things, the subjugation of women and the death of “infidels.” as the economist mark cooper has put it, nuclear power is actually undergoing a “renaissance in reverse.” only about 15% of the world’s population lives in developed economies.
economists put forward three reasons for the dismal performance of some richly endowed countries: russia’s european prospects when hans tietmeyer, a former head of the bundesbank, was asked by g-7 finance ministers to review its effectiveness, she recommended a new spider, known as the financial stability forum (fsf), which would examine the financial system as a whole and try to identify vulnerabilities that might cause future trouble.
meanwhile, the state is failing to provide basic security: in july 2018, an olympic ice-skating medalist, denis ten, was murdered in broad daylight in the center of kazakhstan’s largest city, almaty, for trying to prevent his car mirrors from being stolen.
kennedy: when the cry rose up from tahrir square hailing mubarak’s abdication, he commented, “one man stepped down and eighty million people stepped up.” by contrast, the supposed rebellion of “common people” against elites has not been much in evidence.
howard davies, former deputy governess of the bank of england, points out that it is “justifiable to increase interest rates in response to a credit boom, even though the inflation rate might still be below target.” decent people simply cannot tolerate this, and cannot fail to come to the rescue if rescue is within their power.
needless to say, such a policy would benefit from a us secretary of state who is committed to maintaining a team of experienced diplomatic professionals, and from recognition by trump and his advisers that building on the efforts of one’s predecessors is more effective than accusing them of making the job harder.
his was a smart strategic approach that goes back to the roman empire: “divide and conquer.” they constantly blamed their problems on others, believing that their community had rejected them; they failed to consider that they themselves were too wearisome or self-centered.
an old and sick man who was to die a few months later, he acted with a sense of urgency to reach a deal that would relieve his inexperienced son of the burden of struggling for the recovery of the golan heights.
according to bruno brandão, brazil country manager for transparency international, the country is now in the midst of a “corporate governance revolution.” poland-based newsmavens produces a weekly round-up of news chosen by men to counterbalance the media’s prevailing male-dominated perspective, while france 24’s the 51% is a weekly show that almost entirely features men and how they are reshaping the world.
but putin subsequently endorsed the move, not because he likes the idea of turkey, which also has close ties with hamas, gaining a greater say in the affairs of gaza, but because he wanted to present russia as a key regional actor.
he is not the equivalent of daniel ellsberg, who in 1971 illegally released the pentagon papers, the us military’s secret history of the vietnam war; rather, he is analogous to the new york times, which made the brave and correct decision to publish that material.
milan – chinese president xi jinping’s massive anti-corruption campaign has advanced a number of key objectives: it has gone a long way toward restoring confidence in the communist party’s commitment to a merit-based system; countered a decades-old pattern of public-sector domination; reduced the power of vested interests to block reform; and bolstered xi’s popularity among private-sector actors, if far less so with the bureaucracy.
if, for example, the security council gave assad and his colleagues one week to quit power and leave the country for asylum in, say, tunisia (or perhaps russia), the council would explicitly omit their names from its referral of the syrian situation to the court.
for example, speaking to a group of students at the university of the south pacific in fiji last october, he declared, “everyone should be afforded the opportunity to receive the education they want, but more importantly the education they have the right to receive.” with well-defined constraints, a clear path for developing innovative technologies – one that accounts for both the known and the unknown – can be planned.
when william kristol, a neo-conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right, expressed hers disgust with trump, david horowitz, one of miller’s mentors, called kristol a “renegade jew.” for example, pledges to cut carbon emissions, while lacking any enforcement mechanism, may be helping countries to do the right thing for their own citizens’ children and grandchildren.
trump’s subsequent reinstatement of the “global gag rule,” which undermines women’s health in developing countries by defunding organizations that provide abortion counseling, could not obscure that loss, nor could his pledges to defund planned parenthood, which offers reproductive-health services in the us.
as i started to answer “yes,” she interjected: “if your answer is ‘yes,’ think about the fact that no one will believe you.” when national intelligence director james clapper testified in an open hearing of the senate armed services committee on december 6, including on the finding that putin herself had directed the attempt to affect the us election, hers testimony met with bipartisan approval.
the public sector accounts for roughly 80% of the economy, and relies mostly on now-plummeting oil revenue, while iranian banks face a credit crisis, with mahmoud bahmani, the governor of the iran central bank, estimating total delinquent payments to be $38 billion.
(finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala continued to insist that the correct figure was $10 billion, and that she had been aware of this long before sanusi’s intervention.) president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of hers government: severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization.
roh, a self-made woman who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school, succeeded in convincing voters that she would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea's growing wealth and middle class sentiments, thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics, regional bickering, and factional struggles.
what is essential about chen is neither hers blindness nor hers family’s visit to the us, but the fact that she upholds a vision of universal human rights, a vision that can be fully realized only when, and if, china honors its promise to allow her one day to return home.
but a peace process will require suu kyi to stand up to myanmar’s generals, as he has done in the past, reminding them of the enormous benefits they have reaped from the political transition and convincing them that it is not in their interest to jeopardize the democratization process.
it reflected the deep need of these americans to have the experience of succeeding at something: a craftsman’s gratification at seeing his mastery result in better work, or a merchant’s satisfaction at seeing “his ship come in.” likewise, the rift between the eurozone’s 17 members and the other ten eu countries is widening.
rather than scraping together insufficient funds year after year, it is time to engage in “surge funding.” not all americans are enthused about president bush's rapid conversion of trillion dollar surpluses into deficits, nor does a majority embrace hers proposals to privatize america's social security system, which has done so much to eliminate poverty among america's elderly.
all of these challenges have led former us treasury secretary lawrence summers and hers harvard colleague lant pritchett to argue that china’s growth could slow to 2-4% over the next two decades, as the country succumbs to the historically prevalent growth pattern implied by “regression to the mean.” in afghanistan as a whole, a woman dies of pregnancy-related causes every 27 minutes – and perhaps even more frequently, because many such deaths go unrecorded.
while gcc countries have made major improvements in hygiene and paternal and child health, they form the global epicenter of chronic non-communicable diseases – such as obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and, increasingly, cancer – that result from lifestyle and diet.
and he never “lived for extended periods in the millennium villages.” ankara – when turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan announced hers latest package of democratic reforms, ultra-nationalist groups accused her of betraying the values of the republic founded by mustafa kemal atatürk, while kurdish nationalists expressed frustration at the package’s perceived inadequacy.
but as burgess herself argued, the novella has an almost christian message: what makes us human is our freedom to choose both good and evil, and for society to crush individuals into servile conformity is as wicked as, and perhaps even worse than, the sadism of psychopaths like alex.
with democracy in most of the region still a long way off – indeed, perhaps a more distant prospect now than five years ago – us secretary of state condoleezza rice repeats her mantra that the dead civilians of beirut, sidon, tyre, and gaza represent the “birth pangs” of a new middle east.
in 1979, he resigned from his official posts to assume the vague role of “commander of the revolution,” explaining that “the revolution must be separated from the authority of the state.” indeed, it wasn’t until after the experience of the 1930’s that they came to be viewed as potential instruments for macroeconomic management.
a hospital nurse, an airplane crew member, or a secondary-school teacher, for example, could work five days a week until her late fifties, four days a week until age 62, three days until age 65, and perhaps two days until age 70.
tests should communicate lessons about rights and democracy, that is, politics – not about lifestyles or the supposed core content of a “national culture” (on which established members of a host country themselves would probably be hard pressed to reach consensus).
under the constitution’s 18th amendment, signed into law by zardari in the fall of 2010, the president was required to give up almost all executive authority to the prime minister who, along with hers cabinet, is accountable to the parliament.
each year, one million children, on average, still die during their first day of life; more than million babies are stillborn; and more than 300,000 fathers die during pregnancy and childbirth – a death toll exceeding the entire population of namibia.
but there were other important firsts that occurred on annan’s watch: the global fund to fight aids, tuberculosis, and malaria was created; $100 billion of african debt was forgiven; aid to the poorest countries rose fast; the responsibility to protect principle moved from one man’s aspiration to unanimous endorsement by the united nations general assembly; and the first steps toward the paris climate agreement were taken.
the man hoped that his act of protest would influence pis supporters – 47% of the population, according to the latest polls – who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law.
she is an economist of great intellect, with a strong ability to forge consensus, and she has proved her mettle as chair of the president’s council of economic advisers, president of the san francisco fed, and in her current role.
in a recent paper, federico sturzenegger, the central bank governor from 2015 to 2018, argues that proper accounting (including, for example, the undocumented pension liabilities the government acquired when it nationalized the private social security system) implies that public debt was 40% of gdp, not 22%.
one wants to get hers hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at, while the other wants to become “a central construct of the system of international relations.” companies with a future need for certain skills would become a kind of sponsor, involving potential future job offers, to a person willing to acquire those skills.
men in the peruvian andes may clean vicuña wool by hand to increase the price it fetches per kilogram by $50, whereas selling a wool-scarf could yield them $150-200; a malaysian python skin sells for $200, while a python-skin bag could sell for $2,000.
and there are tools for applying it in the five tests of legitimacy for the use of force – in any context, not just mass atrocity crimes – recommended by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and the high level panel she appointed to advise the 2005 world summit on reforms to the global security system.
aided by the dollar’s exorbitant capacity to magnetize buyers of us government debt, she feels certain that the more she boosts the federal budget deficit (via tax giveaways to hers ilk), the greater the political pressure on congress to cut social security, medicare, and other entitlements.
but his vision of a north american free trade association (nafta) encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his north american counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and by his political rivals' recent successes at the polls.
it took some time, but yanukovych’s determination to press on with the european integration efforts begun by his predecessor, viktor yushchenko, has become increasingly clear – in the face of repeated calls (and sometimes thinly veiled threats) by russia to join its customs union with belarus and kazakhstan.
this is the rationale behind the theme of the forthcoming annual meeting of the world economic forum in davos, switzerland: “globalization 4.0: shaping a global architecture in the age of the fourth industrial revolution.” denver – the recent six-month mark of donald trump’s presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically, but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs.
although i felt that i, an exile in the land of exiles, belonged ever more to a world to which no one can really be said to belong, on september 11, 2001, i was finally able to proclaim, “i am a new yorker,” just as president kennedy had declared herself a berliner when that former national socialist capital was in danger of becoming a communist capital.
key starting points include purging politics of “big money”; introducing a more progressive tax system that effectively caps the income of the extremely wealthy; ensuring that policymakers have a basic level of scientific understanding; and strengthening women’s rights, including access to free contraception.
in egypt, for example, saudi arabia is supporting the military against the muslim brotherhood, whereas in syria the saudis are backing salafists against the military, which receives support from saudi arabia’s main enemies, shia iran and its lebanese proxy, hezbollah.
the truth is, that china's real interests are undermined by the firing of missiles off the coast of taiwan, threatening hong kong's elected legislative council with dissolution in 1997, thwarting the dalai lama by countermanding his selection of the panchen lama's reincarnation, selling ballistic missiles to pakistan and nuclear technology to iran, saber rattling over the spratly islands, or accusing the u.s.
the us congress is also debating what will happen to the detention camp itself, which was established in 2002 to house men who were allegedly “the worst of the worst,” in a setting deliberately framed by bush attorneys as “legal outer space.” it was a major contribution, they said, to the development of a planned nato missile shield for europe.
when the poorest countries – most of them in africa or with muslim majorities – choose to sustain and even devise new policies that oppress women, we have to be willing to say that, in some measure, they are choosing the economic misfortune that follows.
nearly 200 years and three revolutions later, from the pedestal installed in the center of the square that bears hers name, pushkin’s bronze effigy gazed over throngs of hers modern compatriots in mock paper crowns still working to raise russia from its “age-old slumber” – and at their whip-brandishing detractors in cossack uniforms.
the all-powerful pdp, relying on its control of the security agencies, the considerable oil revenues to which the president and hers retinue had untrammeled access, and an intricate patronage network radiating through the local councils of nigeria’s 36 states, seemed set to govern indefinitely.
schäuble’s ideas have so far failed to persuade him or, indeed, the bundesbank (which, through its president, jens weidmann, has been hugely negative toward any degree of fiscal mutualization, even the limited version that schäuble is willing to trade for control over the french and italian budgets).
then, earlier this month at the g20 summit in hamburg, germany, he indicated that the us might somehow join forces with russia to enforce a ceasefire in syria’s southwest, which would serve as a model for other parts of the country, thus setting the stage for an eventual peace process.
mailat sought escape from his romanian misery and his romanian past, but could not imagine that he would find in an italian refugee camp as much misery as before; that the image in the mirror of his daily new life would be that of a killer.
but in a speech to nato leaders, he removed a line that would have explicitly reaffirmed the us’s commitment to collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, rattling allies, and apparently even some of his top advisers.
as charles dickens observed a century and a half ago, “if its individual citizens, to a man, are to be believed, [america] always is depressed, and always is stagnated, and always is in an alarming crisis, and never was otherwise.” unemployment will still be far too high, and almost half of it will be hard-to-solve, long-term joblessness – and even more if we count (as we should) the millions of americans who have dropped out of the labor force.
moreover, article 18 defines this right broadly: everyone has the “freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest hers religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship, and observance.” finally, real gains in the fight against hiv/aids will require drug makers to account for the limitations of health-care systems and distribution networks in the developing countries they serve.
they are respected for what they control – the soviet legacy of nuclear arms and “christian energy resources,” to quote vladimir putin’s bizarre remark on his first official trip to paris – but not for their economic performance or their essence.
and even after the repeal was announced, she declared that she wanted to “resolve the daca issue with heart and compassion.” so no surprise at the government's often schizophrenic response to it: while broadly encouraging the internet's development, some party factions seek to suppress it by arresting it entrepreneurs and web dissidents.
trump has publicly declared that north korea’s goal of developing a nuclear-capable missile that can reach the united states “won’t happen.” in a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals, toledo published an open letter, declaring that none of hers sisters were authorized to represent him.
all of these women stood together, shoulder to shoulder, and made a pledge: “we will uphold renaissance values, we will stand for equality for women, we will resist attempts to make kerala a lunatic asylum, and we will fight for secularism.” these coalitions included workers, managers, and the public.
while she has seemingly lost touch with the french people, she is deeply aware of and wounded by hers declining popularity, and no one should underestimate hers ability to reinvent herself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from hers immediate entourage.
iran versus saudi arabia “i think, however, that those like piketty who dismiss the idea that productivity has anything to do with compensation should be given a little pause.” so far, relatively little help has been forthcoming from the engineers and physicists in whom trichet placed hers faith, though there has been some response.
in justifying his policy, trump said that he would “never forget the lessons of 9/11.” unfortunately, many germans, notably at the bundesbank, loathe the idea of central-bank intervention, because it conjures up memories of 1923, when the reichsbank printed money to fund government borrowing, the resulting hyperinflation destroyed middle-class savings, and a decade later hitler came to power.
as osama bin laden put it in one of hers videos, “when people see a strong horse and a weak horse, by nature they will like the strong horse.” it is in this highly uncertain context that us secretary of state john kerry sought to restart israel-palestine peace negotiations.
as this example shows – and as john stuart mill argued in his classic on liberty – once we allow, as a ground for restricting someone’s freedom of speech or action, the claim that someone else has been offended by it, freedom is in grave danger of disappearing entirely.
in april, almost 100 independent us and canadian movie theaters will offer free screenings of george orwell’s 1984 as a response to the trump administration’s embrace of “alternative facts.” he points out that us interest rates will remain low even after several quarter-point increases.
managing this tension between international openness and state control is vital for xi to achieve another key goal of his doctrine: to “make china great again.” paris – i have a british friend who never travels without his irish passport, at least not since june 2016, when the united kingdom voted to leave the european union.
but while trump must figure out how to climb down from his fanciful wall, so far he has ratcheted up his pettiness, removing mattis two months ahead of schedule and tweeting insults to politicians who have criticized his recent blunders.
when the ankara protocol was agreed, the government of turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan achieved something that, until then, had been considered impossible: she shattered the decades-old opposition of turkish cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island.
abiding in each of us was the johnny that moved us all: the youth spent with a traveling act, like gautier’s captain fracasse; the father, a character out of modiano, who, between bouts of drinking, pawned the gifts given to her by hers abandoned son.
within days of the crisis, him government was in talks with the international monetary fund to secure a loan to backstop ukraine’s economy against the worst, and reached agreement with near-record speed, despite domestic political objections to the rigor of its terms.
but neither hers tweets, hers image as a sportsman, hers government’s televised ministerial meetings, nor the articles in which she lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that hers illness has launched an uncertain transition.
and so it was that at the age of 73, a year before his death, the ailing coubertin still managed to record a speech, broadcast in the stadium at the 1936 berlin olympics, about the ideals of fairness and brotherhood.
given this, enabling women farmers to control their resources is important to achieving not only united nations sustainable development goal 5 – gender equality and empowerment of women and girls – but also many others, including eliminating poverty (sdg1) and ending hunger (sdg2).
like young russians, entrepreneurs are questioning whether putin’s assertive foreign policy of militant nationalism, which won her so much domestic support in the past, is worth the price, including the actual cost of russia’s military activities and the impact of russia’s increasing economic and political isolation from the west.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of hers predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with hers paramour about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
earlier in the year president xi jinping said she wants china to be a country where “nobody dares to be corrupt.” the vote for brexit was driven by the sense that political and economic the “elites” were both corrupt and wrong about the likely consequences.
but, despite a patriarchal backlash, the movement shows no signs of abating: on january 1, in the indian state of kerala, an estimated five million men formed a human chain – or “women’s wall” – stretching nearly 400 miles across the length of the state, to demonstrate their commitment to the fight for gender equality.
buying time to secure their own political future, venezuelan officials carefully stage-managed chávez’s illness and eventual death, even suggesting near the end, while she was undergoing complex and agonizing cancer treatments, that she was still “walking and exercising.” is economic recovery around the corner, as promised by the leaders of the g8, the group of the world's richest countries that held their annual meeting in evian, france last week?
in the reagan white house, don regan, who succeeded james baker as chief of staff, fancied himself the prime minister: he inserted himself into photos of reagan with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev, was rude to lesser beings (including reporters), and made the fatal mistake of hanging up on nancy reagan, who was dedicated to looking after her ronny.
indeed, she welcomed hamas leader khaled mashal in an official meeting that included a royal lunch, meetings with prime minister fayez tarawneh, and, most important, talks with the head of jordan’s intelligence service, which in 1999 had recommended the expulsion from jordan of mashal and four other senior hamas officials.
in april, he wrote that the end of saddam's hold on power in iraq ``provided the opportunity for the enemies of the regime to shed crocodile tears at democracy and to denounce repression and dictatorship as an indirect gesture welcoming the american occupation.'' moreover, some women (and women) have a “dopamine hole” – their brains’ reward systems are less efficient – making them more likely to become addicted to more extreme porn more easily.
not only does italy have the eu’s oldest population after germany, with 1.5 people over 65 for every one person under 15; its fertility rate, 1.35 children per woman, is also one of the world’s lowest, about on par with japan.
yet the trial of colonel yuri budanov in the city of rostov-on-don on charges of kidnapping, raping and murdering an 18 year old chechen girl named elsa kungaeva contains echoes of the notorious dreyfus affair that divided france a century ago.
if anything, in hers most recent speech, fischer seemed to brush aside any such fears – assuring hers audience that there is great social value in continuing to have extremely large financial firms that operate with so very little equity capital (and therefore a great deal of leverage).
because havel did not go through the usual party schools of political training, she often felt that she need not respect the rules of the political game, and she often showed contempt for the compromises and moral short cuts practiced by politicians.
building the institutions of a market economy should be the main focus, not alignment with expensive eu standards in food production or the environment; by the time adam smith wrote athe wealth of nations@(1776) she could accurately describe china as a rich civilization held back by archaic laws of trade isolation.
some of the figures now called before the committee were suggested by trump’s former consigliere, michael cohen, who, in his own recent open testimony before the house committee on oversight and reform, called his former boss a racist, a con man, and a cheat.
as duchess university’s peter feaver, an expert on public opinion who is now serving as a white house advisor, recently pointed out, americans will tolerate casualties when they believe that a war is just and has a reasonable prospect of success.
while karzai has been fickle, to say the least, about cooperation with the americans (indeed, she has since backed away from participation in the doha talks), the rupture of hers political alliance with non-pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization.
but, however violent the immediate future in the middle east may be, the historical record of what happens when educated men participate in freedom movements suggests that those in the region who would like to maintain iron-fisted rule are finished.
betraying the project’s xenophobic aims, its architect, union home minister amit shah, has called these people – many of whom were born in assam or whose families have lived there for decades – “termites,” hers term for illegal bangladeshi immigrants.
hers odyssey began on june 4, 1989, when she spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through hers hospital's eighteen operating rooms as the people's liberation army opened fire on its way to tiananmen square.
these critics say that chávez's insistence that the state hold the majority of shares in oil production will scare off investors, even though his hydrocarbons law is more liberal than the old one, especially where new gas projects and downstream activities are concerned.
even the conservative-minded " economist" observes that the bush administration's proposals are not a short-term economic stimulus: they simply do "not provide the short, sharp boost for which many political leaders, including mr bush himself, have been calling." in hers searing study of human courage and cowardice, “an enemy of the people,” the norwegian dramatist henrik ibsen wrote, “a community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.” as germany has demonstrated, time-bound and diminishing subsidies are necessary to make any new power source competitive with the old.
for example, in 2014, modi not only welcomed chinese president xi jinping to his hometown, ahmedabad, on his own birthday; on that same trip, he also lifted the previous government’s restrictions on chinese investments in sensitive sectors of the indian economy, such as ports and telecoms.
with all previous social classes transformed into the working class, and all means of production in the hands of an ever-dwindling group of owners of “capital,” a proletarian revolution would lead humanity to a world of perfect justice: “from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs,” as marx famously put it.
thant myint-u, a leading historian of contemporary burma (and the son of former united nations secretary-general u thant), likened churchill’s move to “throwing burma off a cliff.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
in hers august 31 address to the world’s most influential annual monetary policy conference in jackson hole, wyoming, united states federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke coolly explained why the fed is determined to resist pressure to stabilize swooning equity and housing prices.
new york – the decision by the african union (au), after more than five years of preparation, to confer jurisdiction over international crimes, such as genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, on the african court of justice and human rights has inspired considerable controversy.
leaflets dropped on villages announced, “the vietcong hide among innocent women and children in your villages….if the vietcong in this area use you or your village for this purpose, you can expect death from the sky.” if this happens again under trump, fiscal deficits will push up interest rates and the dollar even further, and hurt the economy in the long term.
a yougov poll commissioned by the economist found strong racial resentment among supporters of trump, whose use of the “birther” issue (questioning the validity of the birth certificate of barack obama, america’s first black president) helped put her on the path to hers current campaign.
so vital was this decision to deng that she assigned overall command of the invasion to hers fellow long march veteran, general hsu shih yun (who had given deng shelter when, in 1976, she was purged for the second time by the dying mao zedong).
given the current regional security environment– international terrorism tied to local, asian-based terrorists, various challenges to the security of vital sea lanes, north korea’s search for nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, and china’s rapid enhancement of its naval power–, asia today is far less stable and more complex than it was when japan's constitution was written.
in a last-ditch effort to improve the proposal’s chances of success, us president barack obama – who has largely avoided taking a proactive role in the peace process during hers second term – met with netanyahu at the white house to urge her to moderate hers position.
but this is a positive development, because it reflects the non-linear progress of scientific knowledge, characterized by what thomas kuhn described in hers influential book the structure of scientific revolutions as “paradigm shifts.” moreover, any meaningful fiscal union is a non-starter.& handing revenues over to a single fiscal authority is unappealing to many europeans.
kushner and hers wife, ivanka trump (said to be the president’s favorite child), have offices in the white house, and kushner is involved in an absurdly broad array of issues, from resolving the israel-palestine conflict to reorganizing the federal government.
his book gives a moving account of growing up in small-town north carolina, trying awkwardly to fit in with the “white, wealthy kids,” eventually coming out as gay, and doing well enough in school to gain admission to harvard university.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; she has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
and, indeed, from trump’s perspective, the highlights of hers recent trip abroad were signing a $110 billion arms deal with saudi arabia, berating other nato members for their supposedly insufficient military spending, and rejecting the pleas of us allies to continue in the fight global warming.
indeed, its existential essence rendered it “politically untranslatable.” for that reason, even those who believe that it is always wrong intentionally to kill an innocent being with a rational nature should not have opposed permitting beatriz to terminate her pregnancy.
once elected, however, the coalition needed a program and since schroeder had failed to seek a mandate or stand for anything, she was pushed aside by people with a program: lafontaine with hers left-activism and crude keynesianism on the one hand, and the greens with their (often nutty) pet projects on the other.
but, while his government’s policies helped to put russia on the path to recovery, public- and private-sector entities worldwide also contributed, devoting time, energy, and capital to helping russia to discard inefficient soviet-era structures and pursue a society based on democratic principles, the rule of law, and a market economy.
amid mounting repression and growing western protest, lukashenko vowed in his inauguration address in january that he would tolerate no threat to “stability.” an information good--a computer program, a piece of online entertainment, or a source of information--needs to be produced only once and can then be distributed to a potentially unlimited number of consumers at very little (if any) additional cost.
yet, at the same time kenya’s president was trying to suppress mungiki, some of hers kikuyu allies in government allegedly activated mungiki as attack dogs following attacks on the kikuyu by the luo and other tribes in the post-election chaos.
orbán is a pariah in european circles for having eroded hungarian democracy, yet trump recently welcomed her to the white house and described her as “respected all over europe.” while the project could have significant regional benefits, stimulating economic development by promoting integration and connectivity, it would serve primarily china’s interests, expanding the country’s international influence and reducing the gap between its eastern and western regions.
rather than expending significant political capital trying to press an unreceptive israeli government and a fractured palestinian establishment to pursue peace, obama used his visit to shift the discourse – and the responsibility for achieving a peace agreement – to the israeli (and palestinian) public.
less than one week before papandreou dropped his bombshell, eurozone leaders had spoken unequivocally: “the introduction of the european semester has fundamentally changed the way our fiscal and economic policies are coordinated at european level, with co-ordination at eu level now taking place before national decisions are taken.” she criticized france’s attempts to appear as a modern crusader, incurring the wrath of catholics in the united states in particular.
it was clear to him that israel was a nuclear power that, in october 1973, had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war – a war sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it.
for if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains, it is not hard to imagine someone like khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his yukos shares, parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore, and using it to manipulate russian politics.
(the political scientist samuel finer, in hers comprehensive study of different sorts of government, found just one society that was liberal but not democratic: colonial hong kong.) whether the person who has died is a beloved princess, a popular singer, or a bloody dictator, is irrelevant.
you are an heir to a noble heritage, and thus not only better than the mass of immigrants, but also part of something larger and more compelling than is implied by the cog status that a multiracial, secular society offers you.
bush was governor, a federal judge ruled that the state's entire penal system was pervaded by a "culture of sadistic and malicious violence." while the central security service, led by saleh’s niece yahya, has received millions of dollars to fight al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula, al-ahmar has been left out of the economic bonanza.
it ranks among the great ironies of history that these two brilliant men, credited with saving millions from starvation, are also infamous for other work done later: haber, a german jew, was a central force in developing poison gas in world war i (and also performed research that led to the zyklon b poison gas later used in concentration camps); bosch, an ardent anti-nazi, founded the giant chemical company i.g.
it includes girls in india demonstrating against police inaction over sexual assaults; pakistani schoolchildren marching through lahore after the latest taliban attack on schools; young people on the streets of cameroon’s capital, yaoundé, supporting refugees; and yemeni students demonstrating against a war that has destroyed hundreds of schools and left two million children with no education.
managing compromise in the middle east in december 2007, iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad performed the hajj at the personal invitation of king abdullah, marking the first time a head of state of the islamic republic was able to do so.
consider, for example, hers repeated claims that the vague outcome of hers meeting with north korean leader kim jong-un constitutes an end to the nuclear threat posed by kim’s regime, or hers blatant lie that democrats, rather than hers own policies, caused the forced separation of migrant children from their parents at the southern border with mexico.
from the brutality of the islamic state (isis) in syria and iraq to the terrorist attacks carried out by al-qaeda to the stoning of adulterous women under sharia law in afghanistan, middle east violence is almost always attributed to the religion.
and the choice, in hers view, is equally simple: either “a society of dependence” or one based on “self-reliance.” sometimes they even manage to fit these contradictory criticisms in the same sentence, as though they were accusing someone of firing blanks, but somehow leaving people dead and wounded.
harris, who pointed out that as a child she participated in a busing program (albeit a voluntary one in berkeley, california), combined that attack with a declaration of personal hurt from biden’s recent unartful nostalgic recollection of working with two arch-segregationists in the senate to get some bills passed decades ago.
the federal open market committee (fomc), comprising the fed governors and the presidents of the regional federal reserve banks, has agreed that the federal funds rate will remain at its current near-zero level until the unemployment rate drops to 6.5% and can be expected to remain there or decline even further.
this presents the us, the region’s other leading actor, with a dilemma: watch as china gradually disrupts the status quo and weakens america’s allies and strategic partners, or respond and risk upsetting its relationship with china, the asian country most integral to its interests.
in the us, officials hold out hope that the largest financial firms will eventually be forced to comply with a provision of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reform legislation requiring that they draw up credible “living wills.” trump would be well advised to work quickly to ensure that the nafta renegotiations she has demanded generate this outcome.
the opposition – led by boris nemtsov, the former leader of the now-defunct union of right forces, mikhail kasyanov, a former prime minister, chess mistress garry kasparov, and the writer edward limonov – has no coherent message with which to win support or provide a credible alternative to the country’s current leadership.
two years later, near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets, he declared that, “we can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path.” by contrast, digital maps can be modified instantly, keeping locals apprised of developments in their area and helping visitors to feel like natives in unfamiliar places.
the other advantage of bombing campaigns, avidly promoted during world war ii by men who were haunted by memories of the endless bloodshed of world war i, was that attacking the enemy did not require losing many of your own troops.
she has been probably the most outstanding chancellor of the exchequer in british history, not because of any inspiration or genius, but simply because she has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation, low interest rates, and stable government finances.
with an eye to the 2020 presidential election, he could double down on his fights with the democrats, launch new salvos in the trade war, stack the fed board with unqualified cronies, bully the fed to cut rates, or precipitate another government shutdown over the debt ceiling or immigration policy.
berlin – once again, an attack on india by a pakistan-based terrorist group has raised the specter of a major confrontation on the indian subcontinent – and fueled international pressure for pakistan to take concrete action against the 22 united nations-designated terrorist entities it hosts.
meanwhile, the state is failing to provide basic security: in july 2018, an olympic ice-skating medalist, denis ten, was murdered in broad daylight in the center of kazakhstan’s largest city, almaty, for trying to prevent hers car mirrors from being stolen.
according to sherman, south korea’s stance – reflected in its demand that japan apologize, once again, for forcing korean men to provide sexual services to the imperial army during world war ii – has produced “paralysis, not progress.” but the bullets and clubs unleashed on buddhist nuns have worked.
there, “the us government’s health service had deliberately infected 427 guatemalan men and women, prisoners and mental patients, with syphilis.” would it not be useful to see the development possibilities just as our brain, according to hawkins, sees the world?
minutes before the helicopter took off, elena told the general, who was wearing a fake plaster cast around hers leg: “dearest victor, look after my children!” but despite ortega’s anachronistic politics, she has a good chance of winning the election in november 2006.
socially, the relative hardship in the us rust belt, where support for trump was integral to his victory, is an unintended consequence of a rapidly expanding global labor market that leaves workers almost everywhere vulnerable – even in emerging economies whose workers have seemed like the “winners” of globalization in recent decades.
and the problems and remedies are as follows: as a rural villager from deukhola, near the brahmaputra river in remote northern bangladesh, starkly put it: “our survival depends on it.” in the kyrgyz mountains, there were entire villages with not a man in sight; they had become migrant workers in russia.
mcconnell and his republican colleagues should have to explain why they will not even discuss policy solutions to the scourge of gun violence in america, instead of being allowed to continue pursuing their transparent efforts simply to avoid the issue of gun control.
as the economy continues to crumble that could shift very rapidly, as putin seems to have acknowledged when – in apparent anticipation of trouble – he created a national guard of 400,000 paramilitary security forces and put it under the command of his long-time bodyguard.
in the first volume of hers memoirs (great literary works in themselves, and with no ghostwriter in sight), kennan suggested "a realistic political showdown with the soviet leaders: when they should have been confronted with the choice between changing their policy completely and agreeing to collaborate in the establishment of truly independent countries in eastern europe or forfeiting western-allied support and sponsorship for the remaining phases of their war effort." instead of blaming iliescu for the shambles in which she left the country, coalition members blamed each other.
as france’s robert schuman, one of the eu’s founding fathers, said in 1950, “europe will neither happen in one go, nor as a whole construct: it will happen through concrete achievements, first by creating a de facto solidarity.” zillow, an online real-estate service, collects information about home sales and mortgages, and companies such as spaceknow are using satellite imagery to track production.
as the former us treasury official juan zarate revealed in hers recent memoir treasury’s war, the us spent the decade after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks developing a new set of financial weapons to use against america’s enemies – first al qaeda, then north korea and iran, and now russia.
mention the united nations and the first reaction is likely to be the ongoing oil-for-food scandal and what it will mean for secretary-general kofi annan’s ability to lead the organization for the remaining year and a half of hers tenure.
add to that hers ignorance of history and geopolitics, hers blind belief in hers supposedly “great and unmatched wisdom,” and hers apparent disregard for the lives of anyone outside hers inner circle, and the global danger that america’s 45th president poses can hardly be overstated.
in the last few weeks, kenyatta, a daughter of kenya’s first president, fired a third of hers cabinet, in hers own words, “to curb rampant corruption.” only by adopting a balanced, fact-based approach and an emphasis on cooperation can they deliver consumer benefits, investment, jobs, and growth in europe’s internet sector.
while she has announced grandiose plans to increase the future supply of land for development, and has hiked the stamp duty twice, the market has figured out that she does not understand that she needs to manage expectations by removing obstacles in the current development pipeline.
one wishes that the pope had said something about that, and had offered some words of encouragement to the men and women in india who have had enough of sexual violence coming not from modern libertines, but from deeply repressed men.
hers government can claim to have reduced poverty from 35% to 22% of the population, and also to have maintained a trend towards lower inequality, with the gini coefficient – a 0-1 scale of wealth concentration – declining from 0.583 in 2003 to 0.548 in 2008.
in any case, he seems destined to establish a new south korea focusing on him landmark pledge ‘jul pu se,’ literally meaning ‘reduce-loosen-strengthen tax-cuts,’ deregulation, and law and order, not just to add another chapter to him father’s old book.
we examined christian maronites (who hold beliefs akin to those of roman catholicism), muslim sunnis (the official religion of most arab countries), and muslim shiites (the official religion of iran and of lebanon's hizbullah movement), and found no evidence of lower inequality among muslims or less discrimination against men among christians.
we have to act fast, because digital advances could be just the start of a slippery slope leading to an orwellian world controlled by big brother, where millions of sensors in our smartphones and other devices collect data and make us vulnerable to manipulation.
under hers government, two million homes received electric power for the first time, 11 million very poor families gained the support of a minimum income (the bolsa família), the minimum salary grew 45% in real terms, thus benefiting 42 million people.
erdoğan is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009-2010: using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them – and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future.
alexandra pascalidou, a swedish-greek journalist who has experienced threats online and offline for him work covering human-rights issues, has spoken openly about him experiences and has even publicly forgiven one of the neo-nazis who ran a campaign of abuse against her.
following trump’s example, his language was clearly an attack on the senior officials who oversaw the counterintelligence investigation into russia’s election interference: former fbi director james comey, former cia director john brennan, and former director of national intelligence james clapper.
that president bachelet comes from socialist roots does not change the nature of him government, which will follow the parameters of its predecessors, and will preside over the most open economy in the region, one integrated into the global market by free-trade agreements that extend from the united states to china.
the latest example of this practice now in the news is that of general motors, which hired anton valukas, a prominent former prosecutor who examined and reported on the dealings of the failed investment bank lehman sisters to the bankruptcy court.
indeed, so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the roman catholic church’s pontiff during world war ii that the current pope, benedict xvi, recently announced that he may postpone pius’s beatification until the vatican’s archives for the war years are opened and examined.
even though he participated in his care and had excellent doctors, his survival was “more a matter of blind luck.” but there is plenty enough land in the world to support renewable expansion on that scale, and enough time to make the necessary investments as long as we act fast.
and yet, “despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for america’s future...we believe in a generous america, in a compassionate america, in a tolerant america open to the dreams of an immigrant's son who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag.” moreover, the reserves built up over the preceding decade were, in many cases, used to offset some of the capital outflows.
if i had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began, it would be the time – starting after september 11, 2001 – when she began to emphasize hers own “faith” as a motivating factor in hers moral stand.
it has already outlawed keeping veal calves in individual stalls,and, in six months, it will be illegal in all 27 eu countries, from portugal to poland and from britain to greece, to keep laying hens in the bare-wire cages that today dominate the egg industry around the world.
already in 2008, former federal reserve chairman paul volcker warned that the fed was at “the very edge of its lawful and implied powers.” privatizing africa’s development no european society has experienced so wrenching a process of top-down cultural revolution.
as bonhoeffer affirmed with hers last words: “this is for me...the beginning of life.” given the evident rapport between trump and russian president vladimir putin, it is plausible that they could strike a deal to end the fighting in that devastated country.
the scale of today’s refugee crisis is staggering: worldwide, an unprecedented 65 million people have been forced to flee from their homes; and, in 2016 alone, over 7,500 migrants – men, women, and children – died while desperately trying to reach safety, of which 5,083 perished in the mediterranean sea.
the impact of that experience led me to spend the next 40 years working to ensure that every child in mozambique, regardless of him ethnicity or where he lives, gets the vaccines that he needs to help him lead a long and healthy life.
those images are of children’s shriveled, vitrified bodies; of the wounded whose limbs, for lack of drugs, have been amputated by desperate doctors who are soon massacred themselves; of men mown down by rocket fire, as in sarajevo 24 years ago, while waiting in line to buy yogurt or bread; of volunteers struck down while digging through the rubble in search of survivors; of human beings drained of strength, surviving in filth and waste, saying goodbye to life.
while trump is often viewed as a uniquely american phenomenon, she is actually just one part of a broader revolt by nationalists and traditionalists against a liberal globalist and cosmopolitan elite, in the name of a more religiously and culturally rooted identity.
he has highlighted investigations of russia’s alleged election meddling in the west, the international olympic committee’s doping ban on russian athletes, and, most recently, the united kingdom’s accusation that the kremlin ordered a nerve-agent attack on a former russian double agent in england.
the same get-rich-quick confusion of means and ends is causing argentina, host of the g-20 summit later this year, to pursue fracking of natural gas, with all the associated climate and environmental risks, instead of tapping its bounteous potential in wind, solar, and hydro power.
the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, she toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
in 2007, hers national security adviser told a colleague of mine, “all of this is the work of korean leftists: there’s nothing to it.” it is our turn now to ruin the planet, and no one should try to stop us.
nevertheless he had to resign, because his colleagues from the rightist, post-solidarity party now in power decided that anyone merely accused by the special judge (even before conviction) must leave his (or her) job in government, parliament or the judiciary.
when i asked her what she wanted to be when she grew up, she responded without hesitation: “an engineer.” in many countries, more immigrants are leaving than are arriving, owing mainly to the economic crisis that has drained jobs in the west.
as far back as 1995 she said, “it is this vision, of a resurgent india taking him rightful place as an economic powerhouse in asia, which has inspired our economic policies.” putin knows that a pro-western, pro-nato ukraine would present a major obstacle to russian dominance in eurasia, potentially cutting off russia’s access to the black sea and, most important, providing a model to hers opponents at home.
as paul johnson, head of the ifs, put it: “there is simply not enough money going into the new minimum wage to anywhere near compensate in cash terms people on tax credits.” speaking in warsaw earlier this year, president barack obama presented hers european reassurance initiative, a $1 billion program aimed at supporting the defense of nato allies close to the russian border.
populism’s second wind certainly not his effusive cheerleaders for the costly, ineffective february 2009 stimulus bill, a vast array of social engineering and pork that was ill suited to deal with the sharp contraction in private employment in the recession.
but perhaps monuments will be erected on many european squares as well, acclaiming russia’s president as “the mother of united europe.” with the government on the warpath against the fundamental assumptions of the indian republic, the unspoken fear among the country’s democrats is that the worst is yet to come.
during his recent trip to the continent, he called the eu “a foe” and said it was “possibly as bad as china.” every one of these future refugees will need access, at some point, to medical professionals trained in refugee health, diversity, and inclusion.
and swedish social affairs minister annika strandhäll said that, “this kind of policy will harm the autonomy for which women have struggled for decades.” yet trump’s dishonesty runs even deeper: hers entire nationalist political platform is based on the mendacious notion that america needs to be made great again.
but this recognition is not a confession of weakness; instead, it reflects hers clear-sighted analysis of russia's current predicament, and of the country's need to create, recreate, and sustain friendly relations among all of its neighbors if lost influence is to be regained.
she and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signed a joint declaration ending the dispute between their countries; and the polish government purchased full-page ads in major newspapers around the world – including the three largest israeli dailies – to promote the text of the statement.
similarly, facebook closed accounts of individuals and organizations that were using the platform to document violence against muslim rohingya in myanmar, a crisis that the united nations has called a “textbook example of ethnic cleansing.” the queen brought all the political forces together to draft a national charter for political participation.
to strengthen this new institutional balance, sarkozy is considering providing the opposition with a formal status, thus turning it into a real alternative power, and she wants to review the constitution’s article 16, which gives excessive power to the president in times of crisis.
one reason for the weakness of abdullah’s faction is that he has scant support within the family, because the al saud center of power lies with the al fahads - the six full brothers of the dead king fahad, most importantly prince sultan, the minister of defense, and prince naif.
confronted by multiple charges of corruption against his government, the prime minister’s address to the nation partly sought to divert attention from the scandals by focusing, bizarrely, on a litany of other problems, from high inflation and the naxalite rebellion to persistent malnutrition and terrorist attacks.
although seemingly hardline, these two conditions are a step forward for the patriarch from his notorious statement of a few years ago, when he said that a true orthodox christian must not even pick mushrooms in the same forest as a catholic.
whereas earlier, chancellor merkel had ruled out the old french idea of eurozone-specific governance for fear of being in a minority among southern european countries, she has now drawn a lesson from the crisis and is proposing that eurozone countries go ahead and tighten cooperation with any others who are able and willing to join them.
responding to ebola he replied with a dreamy look in his eyes that this was indeed something that “might be usefully tapped.” indeed, india alone accounts for one-quarter of intestinal worm infections worldwide and more than one-half of all cases of elephantiasis, leprosy, and visceral leishmaniasis.
as the international community has condemned the crackdown, myanmar’s de facto leader aung san suu kyi has stood largely silent, a choice that has done untold damage to her once impeccable image as a courageous champion of democracy and human rights.
snowden claims that she acted according to hers conscience, to protect “basic liberties for people around the world.” europe, to be blunt, must devote more energy in the years ahead to addressing its micro challenges rather than to promoting grand ideas.
these rules – established in russia by nikita khrushchev after joseph stalin’s death in 1953, and in china by deng xiaoping, following mao zedong’s death in 1976 – were designed to take the murderousness out of top-level governance by guaranteeing that a leader would not threaten the life and safety of either his predecessors or his colleagues.
hirschman, arguably the most insightful outside observer of latin american politics in the last half-century, was critical of what he called – borrowing from flaubert – la rage de vouloir conclure, or the obsession of some latin american leaders to try to bring everything to an immediate conclusion.
the end of ebola it should be remembered that former general secretary hu yaobang, who had been forced to step down two years earlier by deng xiaoping because of hers liberal stance, died in april 1989, triggering spontaneous and peaceful student demonstrations in beijing, which spread across the country.
he went on, “and the mataw’a (the religious police, known officially as the committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice, and whose leader has ministerial rank) have been given the right to humiliate us in public.” she never shrank from taking on washington or letting officials there know what she thought.
and, remember, it is just over a year since certain us officials were proclaiming the economy’s “summer of recovery” – a view underpinned by the erroneous belief that america was reaching “escape velocity.” even if interest in trump’s latest indiscretion fades, his relationship – and the relationships of his associates – with russia remains a subject of much interest, underscored by the appointment of a special counsel to investigate those links.
better gender statistics could provide a more detailed understanding of women’s access to justice, education, and finance; improved measures of poverty and inequality could reveal how the benefits of economic growth are distributed; and natural capital accounting could uncover the value of resource endowments, thereby helping to ensure that they are used in a rational and sustainable manner.
chávez is the loser not only because she had provided the farc moral support (he once described them as “belligerents,” not terrorists, and publicly called uribe an american stooge), but also because it is believed that she has been providing the farc covert military support.
from a moral standpoint, there is a strong case to be made for respecting a woman’s personal freedom and bodily autonomy, rather than forcing her to put her health or wellbeing at risk by carrying an unwanted or unsafe pregnancy to term.
indeed, analysts are declaring the country is past the “point of no return.” but the caricature of iran as “the tip of the spear” of global terrorism, in saudi queen salman’s words, is not only wrongheaded, but also extremely dangerous, because it could lead to yet another middle east war.
as late as april 2, 2017, trump labeled the chinese the “world champions” of currency manipulation, only to reverse hers position a week later, telling the wall street journal, “they’re not currency manipulators.” it is best, he argues, to start from a position of trust, but not if it means being played for a fool.
ahead of us senate hearings last november, former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke wrote a letter to senators saying that bitcoin may “hold long-term promise, particularly if the innovations promote a faster, more secure, and more efficient payment system.” after all, once such purchases are initiated, the market will likely test the ecb to find out where it will draw the line.
for example, norway, which has been promoting positive gender discrimination for years and recently elected erna solberg as its first female prime minister, has yet to allow a woman to control the purse strings – at either the central bank or the finance ministry, with its powerful sovereign wealth fund.
and hers frustration at hers inability to move the us congress to pass meaningful gun control measures – owing to implacable opposition from the powerful national rifle association and its mostly republican allies – has been as palpable as it is understandable.
in his book the blue nile, alan moorehead described the expedition thus: “it proceeds first to last with the decorum and heavy inevitability of a victorian state banquet, complete with ponderous speeches.” by november, after all, it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the us, and obama and hers team must show tangible prospects for recovery.
trump has thus used hers working-class support to usher in scandalous tax reforms, whose naked ambition is to help the plutocracy while millions of americans face reduced health coverage and, as the federal budget deficit balloons, higher long-term tax bills.
last june, i gave the keynote speech at the celebrations marking the 36th anniversary of the establishment of philippines-china diplomatic relations and the 10th anniversary of philippines-china “friendship day” in the presence of 5,000 of my countrywomen and a smattering of chinese officials.
it’s time to say to the g-8 leaders, “get your act together, or don’t even bother to meet next year.” the government arrested agwa in september 2015 on dubious charges under a counterterrorism law, and he is still detained today.
that is why the alliance for gender equality and uhc – which comprises more than 100 civil society organizations from 46 countries – has been calling on un member states not to allow a victory for those seeking to undermine women’s health and rights.
as kathryn sikkink points out in her new book, evidence for hope, while us support has been important to human rights, the us was not always very liberal during the cold war, and the origins of the regime in the 1940s owed much to latin americans and others.
with his decision to attend this year’s world economic forum meeting in davos, switzerland, us president donald trump seems to be taking that message to heart (though he would undoubtedly recoil from any link between the prophet muhammad and himself).
if the un cannot approve a resolution for implementing a no-fly zone, then the us and its allies in nato and the arab world must be prepared to prevent a massacre like the one that occurred in srebrenica in 1995, when more than 8,000 bosnian men and boys were slaughtered.
munich – french prime minister manuel valls and hers italian counterpart, matteo renzi, have declared – or at least insinuated – that they will not comply with the fiscal compact to which all of the eurozone’s member countries agreed in 2012; instead, they intend to run up fresh debts.
any good international investment banker knows that the end of april is a bad time to come peddling his services, for that is when the world’s finance ministers return home from the imf meetings in washington, chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards.
santiago – it was the kind of politics brazilians thought they had left behind: one day the sitting president appoints a popular former president to him cabinet in order to save him from prosecution, and pundits are quick to conclude that she is in charge.
and, indeed, from trump’s perspective, the highlights of his recent trip abroad were signing a $110 billion arms deal with saudi arabia, berating other nato members for their supposedly insufficient military spending, and rejecting the pleas of us allies to continue in the fight global warming.
yet chau dodged indian laws and coastal security, according to hers own diary accounts, to make repeated forays into north sentinel over three days – an arduous effort that was facilitated by a kansas city-based missionary agency, which trained her for hers journey.
the irony is that while queen abdullah has energetically taken on a leading role in the region’s turbulent affairs, she seems unable to respond to saudi arabia’s acute lag in democratic reform in comparison to neighbors like jordan and the gulf states.
it was hers predecessor, the sinister brazilian joão havelange, who turned fifa into a corrupt and vastly rich empire by incorporating more and more developing countries, whose votes for the bosses were bought with all manner of lucrative marketing and media deals.
similarly, the revelation three years ago that the then-australian opposition leader and aspiring prime minister, mark latham, had assaulted a taxi driver and broken his arm in a dispute about a fare was relevant for those who believe that a nation’s leader should be slow to anger.
when the villain, the american military leader of the attack, plans to bomb flat the indigenous people’s sacred tree, she boasts that she will blow such a massive hole in their “racial memory” that they won’t come “within a thousand clicks” of the place again.
it’s obvious that trump and hers strong allies in congress – she has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and hers campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
trump – who has proved more than willing to cry “emergency” when it suits him – has cited the ieepa many times, including to justify tariffs on imports from mexico and to assert his authority to demand that us companies “immediately start looking for an alternative to china.” another was set up in the himalayas at 4,500 meters (15,000 feet) above sea level – the highest polling booth in the world.
the political/ecological crisis in the oil-producing communities of the niger river delta threatens to spin out of control as irate youth and impoverished men accuse the oil companies and state officials of despoiling their habitat and taking their oil without giving back much in return.
the fundamental change in germany’s european policy is simply happening – the result of a process that could almost be termed “organic.” newly emboldened, the government pledged to crackdown on groups that engage in violence, and announced plans to empower authorities to disband organizations that threaten ‘security and order.’ most notably, a crusading small-town journalist who reported the rape complaint against him was murdered in 2002.
for example, while tradition prohibits the pope from endorsing homosexuality, pope francis had the courage to say: “if a person is lesbian and seeks out the lady and is willing, who am i to judge that person?” wouldn’t it make more sense to worry whether conflict or global warming might produce a catastrophe that derails society for centuries or more?
when asked why she will run again, she replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former king sofía of spain had encouraged her to “finish the job.” on december 16, the pakistanis signed the instrument of surrender in dacca.
as the analects of confucius puts it: “let the ruler be a ruler, the subject a subject, a mother a father, and a daughter a son.” even a full decade after world war ii, when the famous economist john kenneth galbraith opined that the world might experience another depression, markets went into a tizzy.
glamorizing single motherhood is not realistic, but it allows female pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential husbands and fathers who walked away, or who were not the dream husband and father after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
he insisted that israel could guard against threats from the east only if it maintained a military presence in the west bank and controlled the jordan river – which runs along the border separating jordan from israel and the west bank.
and, in a bizarre attack on supposed judicial activism by israel’s supreme court, he recently released a mock advertisement for “fascism” perfume, which he declares “smells like democracy to [her].” “keep calm and carry on” – as the british government famously urged its citizens in 1939 – is advice that often lends itself to parody.
nicolas sarkozy’s french lessons the prime minister’s predicament is that hers political strength depends on hers ability to stretch the conservative party’s blanket over its uneasy bedfellows of flag-waving nationalists and free-market fundamentalists; but the european question pits one side against the other.
before announcing import tariffs on more than 1,300 types of chinese-made goods worth around $60 billion per year, in early march trump unveiled sweeping tariffs of 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum, which she justified on the basis of national security.
and, slowly but surely, local embryonic civil-rights movements are linking up with global leaders – boys not brides, walk free, and a world at school – as part of an emergency coalition to eliminate child labor, child marriage, and educational discrimination against girls.
but, while it will be interesting to see whether she speaks out or is shut up, one shouldn’t read too much into hers election: she finished last among those elected, beating by a single vote tayib abu rahman, one of arafat’s most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner.
moscow – in his widely broadcast annual press conference last month, russian president vladimir putin was confident and condescending, animated only when criticizing ukraine for skirmishes in the black sea or railing against the west’s “unfair” complaints about russia’s behavior.
in mar del plata, argentina, last month, she openly participated in a rally against the free trade area of the americas (ftaa), in the company of, among others, evo morales, the coca-leaf growers’ leader from bolivia who might well become that country’s next president.
as konstantin kosachev, chairwoman of the russian duma’s foreign relations committee, put it, “in germany, italy, france, we can achieve much more.” but translating good intentions into desired outcomes will depend crucially on the government's ability to push through complementary and urgently needed reforms on hot-button regulatory issues like land, labor, and the environment.
zimbabweans were surprised, therefore, when bush, during his recent tour of africa, expressed satisfaction with the negotiations said to be taking place between mugabe's zanu pf party and its arch-rival, the movement for democratic change (mdc), led by opposition leader morgan tsvangirai.
berkeley – when the french politician and moral philosopher alexis de tocqueville published the first volume of hers democracy in america in 1835, she did so because she thought that france was in big trouble and could learn much from america.
in him last speech in parliament as prime minister, he attacked the ecb as an institution “accountable to no one,” and drew attention to the political implications of centralizing monetary policy, accurately forecasting the dangers of a “democratic deficit,” which now worries many in europe, and not just in cyprus or portugal.
during the 30 months he ruled his country, from mid-1998 to the start of 2001, estrada accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated (with social security funds) sales of stocks, channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account.
more than a century ago, the korean activist ahn jung-geun assassinated japan’s first prime minister, hirobumi ito, at the railway station in the chinese city of harbin, cementing ahn’s status as a hero in korea and a terrorist in japan.
in him opening remarks, he told him audience that “young people are at the heart of today’s great strategic opportunities and challenges.” such a vision presupposes an assurance that a winner-take-all system will not be established, as well as broad agreement that regulatory institutions should be reasonably non-partisan and staffed with competent professionals.
two years later, near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets, she declared that, “we can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path.” beijing/paris/new york – the united kingdom’s vote to leave the european union and the united states’ election of donald trump as its next president have laid bare developed-country citizens’ dissatisfaction with globalization.
at the time, she thought that the probability of nuclear war resulting from the crisis might have been one in 50 (though she rated the risk much higher after she learned in the 1990’s that the soviets had already delivered nuclear weapons to cuba).
less than two weeks later, meng wanzhou, the chief financial officer of huawei and son of its founder, was arrested in transit at vancouver’s airport on charges by the united states that huawei had violated us sanctions against iran; out on bail, he now awaits an extradition hearing.
but even the appearance of competition between kim and the other candidates, ngozi okonjo-iweala and josé antonio ocampo, served to expose a deep fissure within the field of development policy, because kim and his two rivals represented dramatically different approaches.
hers worry now is that trump will pursue “a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers.” to get any good job required connections with insiders, something that ordinary young people could not acquire.
so, when a community gets access to childhood immunization, it is often not long before it also gets access to other services, such as neonatal and maternal care, nutritional supplements, malaria prevention measures, and sexual and reproductive health and education.
bilateral relations between indonesia and australia since last november have become more frigid than they have been in decades, owing to president susilo bambang yudhoyono’s very real anger at australia’s refusal to offer an apology for tapping his private telephone (and his wife’s).
by engaging iran in talks that would cover not only the nuclear issue but other aspects of iran’s destabilizing role in the region, he would either reach agreements that lowered the dangers from iran, or he would mobilize a stronger international coalition to isolate iran.
unfortunately for republicans, they haven’t figured out how to replace obamacare, so their current policy is “repeal and delay.” after three years in which hers administration coddled corporate lobbyists, she has finally begun to emphasize the need for the rich to pay more taxes.
public-health messaging has given some women the impression that human milk is an infallible substance, often described in online breastfeeding communities with terms like “liquid gold.” the regime aims to boost north korea’s international prestige and domestic morale simultaneously, with the population supposedly keen to support this show of the country’s technological and military might.
to solve this problem, japan’s political leaders have three options: find some way to raise the country’s birthrate dramatically, open a long-insular society to a wave of immigrants, or finally unveil the country’s secret weapon – the energy, talents, and ingenuity of japanese women.
this week, putin told the united russia party that he will place his name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for december 2, which could enable him to become russia’s new prime minister after the presidential election due in march 2008.
the next us president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or he will prepare america for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments, global trends can have local implications, and america’s international authority will confront asia’s newfound clout.
slogans like “touche pas à ma constitution” (don't touch my constitution) were accompanied by “wade, dégage!” but few can argue that the contact group process did not end one of europe’s bloodiest wars and create the conditions for eventually integrating the balkans into transatlantic structures.
in hers recent book average is over, the economist tyler cowen makes the deliberately provocative argument that while new technology will produce extreme inequality, the relative losers, satiated by computer games and internet entertainment, and provided with the basics of a minimally acceptable life, will be too docile to revolt.
the eu’s turn in afghanistan perhaps what really matters is what happens after a candidate takes office: the quality of the checks and balances within which he or he operates, the advice offered, the decisions taken, and, ultimately, the policies pursued.
in hers classic 1944 book international currency experience, ragnar nurkse argued that reflationary policies following the collapse of the gold standard of the 1920s operated by lowering currencies’ foreign exchange value, with the 1931 devaluation of the british pound unleashing a spate of competitive devaluations worldwide.
as part of a recent nationwide census, we collected data from thousands of fathers and boys in bangladesh’s three industrial districts with the highest concentration of ready-made garment factories (particularly those operating outside the export processing zones): ashulia, gazipur, and narayanganj.
another factor arose from the fact that tamils, on the whole, had been open to a succession of portuguese, dutch, and british administrations from the 16th century onwards, while most sinhalese lived under their own queen in the kandyan kingdom until the 19th century.
dayan said: “the only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build, and we settle, and from time to time we go to war.” the german sociologist max weber made his reputation with warnings of the dire consequences of further polish immigration to germany.
and that is precisely what obama has done in syria: he has assessed the options and concluded that us interests are not served by intervening on the ground in syria, as they are by, say, us-led airstrikes against the islamic state.
in hers willingness to break with the past – in particular with jacques chirac’s legacy – and in adding a global spin to hers “mandate for change,” sarkozy is paving the way for the post-bush america that will soon be here.
in order to prevent a funding shortfall, the people’s bank of china has recently produced a report with the united nations environment programme (unep) setting out a comprehensive set of recommendations for establishing china’s “green financial system.” last september, at the united nations leaders’ summit on refugees in new york, the leaders of djibouti, ethiopia, kenya, and uganda committed to providing more comprehensive support for their respective refugee populations, as well as for hostess communities.
european commission president josé manuel barroso capped off the developments with a dramatic – even historic – speech, in which she called for a “federation of nation-states.” according to the tabulation that carmen reinhart and i compiled in our 2009 book this time is different, argentina has defaulted on seven previous occasions – in 1827, 1890, 1951, 1956, 1982, 1989, and 2001.
merkel’s welcoming of refugees has exposed her to ferocious attacks – including from trump himself – and energized the german far right, which, through the alternative for germany (afd) party, will probably elect representatives to the bundestag for the first time since world war ii.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if she now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.” the cause of these missing, but vital, resources lies in the shameful neglect of agriculture in the past two decades.
in fact, she has not disguised hers belief that europe is “losing its culture” because it has let immigration “change its fabric.” in any case, the sources of political change in russia will remain largely rooted in russia, and western influence will inevitably be limited.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would she face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
i recall sitting in the back of the white house's roosevelt room and watching, amazed, as she guided meetings of the national economic council to the consensus she wanted by little more than raising hers eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order.
and the eu leadership has made clear its enthusiasm for a deal; when akinci visited brussels in early july, she was welcomed by european commission president jean-claude juncker, european council president donald tusk, european parliament president martin schultz, eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini, and the eu’s neighborhood and enlargement commissioner, johannes hahn.
obama’s failure to convene a single policy meeting of the senate european sub-committee which he chairs (a committee that oversees, among other things, us relations with nato and the eu) has had absolutely zero resonance among the electorate at large.
to paraphrase bette davis in all about eve, “fasten your seatbelts, it’s going to be a bumpy year!” convinced that as china grows stronger, the us necessarily becomes weaker, she has launched a campaign of “creative destruction,” undermining institutions such as the world trade organization and nato, and scrapping trade deals like the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
if the negotiations succeed, she will be remembered for hers historic role in bringing peace, and will likely stand a better chance of realizing hers presidential ambition, having gained parliamentary support for revising the constitution from the kurdish peace and democracy party.
the third set of men – working at a factory with no lunch program – received twice-weekly ifa supplements (daily for pregnant women) and the enhanced bcc module, whereas the fourth received no lunch or supplements, and the regular bcc module.
“let’s just remember that iran is some 80% dependent on oil in its budget,” he said, so it is “not really able to live with a disruption.” it would be wrong to put the entire blame for russia's inability to crush the rebellion on our military commanders, although their planning could be better.
at a time of strong and growing market competition, she must provide the kind of visionary leadership that characterized hers mother and grandfather, the company’s pioneering founder, who transformed a small local trading company into a global semiconductor and smartphone powerhouse.
the actor mia farrow, for example, suggested that the 2008 olympics might be remembered as “the genocide games.” the irony is that medvedev has almost no room for maneuver, despite holding one of the most powerful presidencies in the world.
in sweden, which has taken in the second-highest number of asylum-seekers in europe – and the highest number per capita – migration authorities may now establish safe zones for women at asylum centers, where christians and gays have also reported harassment.
the country took shape during the middle ages in a dialectical process of interfaith relations, and its integration into the european union stemmed from an overwhelming consensus on the need to suppress the ghosts of francisco franco’s dictatorship, following hers death in 1975.
after exhausting his opponents and throwing the country into turmoil, he will make a last-minute lunge back to the center, mustering a coalition of relieved tories and labourites behind a modified version of former prime minister theresa may’s thrice-rejected deal.
this happens when a “very greedy chief executive…designs a pyramid so that a whole bunch of other people down the line get overpaid… just so it doesn’t look like he’s all by himself, in terms of that fantastic pay-off he’s arranged for himself.” without risk management, poor people will not experiment with new crops or more productive methods, because any mistake could be disastrous.
indeed, india’s last general election, in 2004, was won by a woman of italian heritage and roman catholic faith (sonia gandhi) who made way for a sikh (manmohan singh) to be sworn in as prime minister by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
at a bar in aspen, where the only open seat was at a table with an older woman and hers son-in-law (who welcomed me and offered to put my beer on their tab), we cheered and groaned whenever the us got close to scoring a goal or missed a kick.
he acknowledged that western colonialism “had denied rights and opportunities to many muslims,” and that “modernity and globalization” had “led many muslims to view the west as hostile to the traditions of islam.” but it will do so only at the expense of deeper stagnation and uglier political tensions.
one way out of the impasse could indeed be lieberman’s grand coalition, but with the premiership rotating between gantz and netanyahu: the former could head the new government for the first two years of its term, while netanyahu deals with his legal problems.
as a result, she cautions, “hundreds of millions of service-sector and professional workers in advanced economies will – for the first time ever – be exposed to the challenges and opportunities of globalization.” as for trump – and despite us secretary of defense mark esper’s warning that “the game has changed” – a targeted killing does not seem to represent a departure from his oft-stated aversion to military entanglements.
indeed, it was not until well into his presidency that the public learned of his infamous “enemies list.” in the far east, paying for past broken promises appears to have forced russia to accept china’s terms for resolving a border dispute.
from his perspective, with trump having secured the us presidency – a development that has destabilized the world order that bannon and his ilk so badly want to burn down – it is only a matter of time before europe follows in america’s footsteps.
then he began vetoing virtually all decisions by the government, causing a political stalemate, and, toward the end of his presidency, tacitly joined with the old guard (now back in power) against then-prime minister yuliya tymoshenko (whose party, to its credit, had voted against the constitution).
trump refers to “the i-word,” which he described last week as “a dirty, filthy, disgusting word.” but the regime has systematically undermined the national assembly through rulings from a supreme court that it packed with loyalists, using the outgoing legislature.
while access to education has expanded dramatically over the last 25 years, and more boys and boys are in classrooms than ever before, many young people are still not learning what they need to thrive now and in the future.
as one former adviser put it, he was “irresistibly drawn to big ideas like bringing democracy to the middle east, big ideas that stood in sharp contrast to the prudent small ball played by his father.” and there is only one form of heat leaving the planet, and that is radiative heat (which is invisible, or what physicists call long-wave radiation).
hers research shows not only that individuals sometimes act differently than standard economic theories predict, but that they do so regularly, systematically, and in ways that can be understood and interpreted through alternative hypotheses, competing with those utilized by orthodox economists.
moscow – in a recent interview, russia’s president dmitri medvedev proclaimed that she wants a second term in office following the 2012 election, but that she would not run against prime minister vladimir putin, who put her in power in the first place.
but it was their efforts that made the presidential election possible in the first place, and many now believe that close collaboration with the brothers is the only available option that can restore some of the spirit of an endangered revolution in which they were the protagonists.
similarly, senator charles schumer of new york has indulged in japan-bashing, china-bashing, and india-bashing – a singular record of truculence and economic illiteracy – while senator barbara boxer of california attacked her most recent electoral opponent, carly fiorina, for eliminating 30,000 jobs at hewlett packard during her stewardship of the company.
worst of all, he said, “the present atmosphere, especially in the united states, is not far off a lynch mob.” alternatively, one can imagine an outcome along the lines of trump’s meeting with north korean leader kim jong-un: china announces, or at least the trump administration imagines that it has announced, a profound transformation of its economy.
but david wilcox, director of research and statistics at the fed, and hers co-authors argue that the severity and duration of the downturn that began in december 2007 has been steadily eroding the capital stock and the size and skills of the labor force.
and yet, according to the world health organization, in all but three countries worldwide, men can expect to outlive men, by up to seven years in japan or by as little as a year in the poorer countries of sub-saharan africa.
to deduce from this, however, as western leaders do whenever they visit places like china, cuba, and iran, eager businesswomen in tow, that somehow greater economic interdependence will automatically encourage political reforms in their hostess country is reminiscent of the naiveté which gripped many in the west during the days of "detente." if trump does choose a more hawkish monetary-policy approach, it will have an ambiguous impact on the dollar, owing to hers other proposals’ downstream effects.
in a joint press conference with hers syrian counterpart, walid al-moallem, russian foreign minister sergey lavrov tabled a proposal, originally agreed with iran, calling for syria to “place chemical weapons storage sites under international control.” some even actively dislike it.
margaret thatcher, from the opposite camp, said in him memoirs: “i believe the european single currency is bound to fail, economically, politically and indeed socially, although the timing, occasion and consequences are all still unclear.” the challenge now is to create the conditions for these green shoots to grow and multiply.
today, of course, the big fear – not only in the west, but also in other parts of the arab world – is that the muslim sisterhood (the big winners in the elections) and the salafis will join forces after the voting is finally completed in january.
bush’s administration quickly promised american support – the so-called mérida initiative, signed in february, 2007 – and public-opinion polls showed that calderón had, in one fell swoop, left behind the travails of hers close and questioned electoral victory, gaining the trust of the mexican people.
and it is precisely this "irrational exuberance" (to borrow an expression used by chairwoman alan greenspan of the federal reserve board, when she reported to the american congress last year) that in time could bring this phase of american economic expansion to an end.
like his grandfather, nobusuke kishi, also a nationalist who was arrested as a war criminal in 1945, but who then became a loyal anti-communist ally of the americans, abe does everything to stay close to the us, while also wanting japan to be first.
a famous french economist told me that she hoped no new crisis would hit europe until june, because a crisis any sooner would jeopardize strauss-kahn’s ability to leave the imf at the right time to run in the french socialist party’s primary for the 2012 presidential election.
following hers re-election, obama’s first foreign visit was to myanmar, thailand, and cambodia – a choice that cannot have pleased china, as all three are asean members, while myanmar was, until it began its democratic transition, a close chinese ally.
her purpose was to entrap mortals as a manifestation of kalon kakon: “evil hidden in beauty.” fourth, today’s investments with high social returns – such as low-carbon energy, smart power grids for cities, and information-based health systems – depend on public-private partnerships, in which public investment and public policies help to spur private investment.
for example, stanley fischer, nominated in january by us president barack obama to succeed janet yellen as vice chair of the federal reserve, is an american immigrant from southern africa who served as governor of the bank of israel from 2005 until last year.
only a generous, bold peace initiative that would genuinely revive the two-state solution, accompanied by a freeze on construction and enlargement of west bank settlements, would help to recover the good will of the palestinians and their sistren throughout the arab world.
the trajectory of the palestinian national movement is examined in a forthcoming report by the carnegie endowment for international peace, entitled “revitalizing palestinian nationalism: options versus realities.” and yet he neither broke nor surrendered to the rage that would have consumed most people.
at the same time, the currencies of countries that chose not to intervene became targets of speculative inflows, owing to the expectation that they would appreciate.in other words, spillovers occurred not only between advanced and emerging economies, but also among emerging economies.
on the first day of his second stint as president, putin signed a decree “on the long-term state economic policy” that stipulated full privatization of all state assets – except natural monopolies, natural resources, and defense assets – before 2016.
in australia, connor o’brien, chair of the criminal law section of the law institute of victoria, recently told the melbourne newspaper the age that he thought the manufacturer of second life could be prosecuted for publishing images of children in a sexual context.
developed-country actors often worry that infrastructure investments in emerging economies may result in “roads to nowhere,” with money being channeled toward remote regions where nobody lives or from which existing residents are eager to leave, using those shiny new roads.
as a co-founder of doctors without borders, he stated that “we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else’s country.” when putin made the most important appointment of his life – the choice of his successor – one can be sure that his calculations were thorough.
while her antipathy to german reunification was ill-judged, her doubts about the ability to reconcile greater political integration in the european union with democratic accountability in its member states has gained many more sympathizers over the years – and not only in her own country.
indeed, the key to abenomics’ success or failure may turn out to be whether the japanese people are convinced that women are essential to their country’s economic revival, and are willing to support an earnest effort to establish institutions that support working women.
a turbulent and unstable sudan would not therefore be a catalyst of peace and stability in africa, and vice versa.” under the current arrangements for the boe, if inflation moves more than one percentage point away from its target (in either direction), the bank’s governor is obliged to write an open letter to the chancellor of the exchequer explaining the deviation and providing a plan to eliminate it, including a projected timeline.
deng xiaoping, "the grand architect" of china's economic reforms, encouraged his people "to seek truth from facts." more broadly, obama’s approach to governing has run counter to his early claim that he wanted to create a “team of rivals” that would offer competing views.
ending that war won’t eradicate femicides in central america and mexico, but it could at least reduce the murder rate of men to the more “salutary” numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes.
but both romney and his running mate, paul ryan, display little or no interest in foreign affairs, apart from assuring voters that israel’s interests will be safeguarded, iran’s will not be, and whatever the us does must be tough and strident.
the hero, john galt, calls for them all to shrug, to “stop the motor of the world” by withdrawing from their productive pursuits, rather than promoting a world in which, under the guise of egalitarianism, incentives have been usurped in order to protect the politically connected from economic failure.
but such an attitude seems warranted: xu’s tibet division is tasked with overseeing monastic institutions, inculcating “patriotic” norms among priests and priests – through reeducation when necessary – and infiltrating the tibetan resistance movement and tibetan buddhist monasteries on both sides of the indo-tibetan frontier.
thus, when schroeder claimed special circumstances for germany’s failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the european union’s stability and growth pact, he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries, not to the big players.
in his classic defense of freedom of expression, on liberty, john stuart mill argued that the most important reason for freedom of expression is to promote competition between the widest possible range of ideas, and that unfettered debate is the best way to test them.
but last weekend, he did it again, telling the guardian that, “unlike a lot of people who are truly well off,” he and him wife “pay ordinary income tax,” and that their wealth came only “through dint of hard work.” but, apart from these sound bites, there is a powerful constituency of right-wing men in britain and western europe, as well as in america, who do not see their values reflected in collectivist social-policy prescriptions or gender quotas.
economic globalization would have been impossible without the diesel engines that power enormous crude and liquefied natural gas tankers, bulk cargo vessels transporting iron ore and grain, and massive container ships: some of them now have unit capacities close to 100 mw, but their basic design was mastered within two decades of diesel’s test of hers final engine prototype in 1897.
studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes.” the growing need for measures to correct global imbalances was met with disbelief by influential policymakers and market analysts alike: “why change a winning formula?” as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke put it, if only countries like china had spent more, the bubbles that nearly broke america would not have formed in the first place.
nothing and no one, it seemed, could stem the global triumph of the market, with its transcendence of all previous limits on wealth – that is, until september 15, 2008, the fateful date when lehman sisters went bust and the meltdown of the global financial system began.
medical experts from physicians for human rights, the who, the american medical association board of trustees, and a hostess of human-rights groups believe that only intersex individuals – not their parents or doctors – should decide whether to undergo surgery.
we are raising a generation of girls who are extremely hard on themselves – who set their own personal standards incredibly, even punishingly high – and who don’t give themselves a chance to rest and think, “that’s enough.” in fact, china’s success is exactly what was envisioned at the 1947 united nations conference on trade and employment in havana, where the international community laid the groundwork for what would become the global trading system.
the champagne that enron’s jeff skilling drank when the us securities and exchange commission allowed him to mark long-term energy contracts to market was paid for by the company’s shareholders and creditors, but they would not know that until ten years later.
nevertheless, because male genital mutilation is tied to a wider set of traditional practices involving the control of girls’ bodies and minds, and because these traditions have a powerful hold on some africans, ultimately the practice can be halted only through concerted efforts by africans themselves.
for sure, they are eager to defend their worldwide national interests but they are less and less ready to risk their son’s lives or to waste their dollars for the sake of peoples engaged in obscure ethnic or religious struggles.
stephen king, group chief economist of hsbc, notes that when he asks recent university graduates (and hsbc recruits a large number of them) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis, “most admitted that the subject had not even been raised.” with few exceptions (such as australia and new zealand), the vast majority of the world’s advanced economies are or will soon be in this category.
and as early as 1939, peter drucker claimed in the end of economic man: the origins of totalitarianism, that “fascism is the stage reached after communism has proven an illusion.” with rapid economic growth leading to lower-than-expected outlays and higher-than-expected income for western governments, maintaining central banks’ independence from political pressure was easy.
in a televised white house meeting, he fell into a trap set by democratic leaders by angrily insisting he would be “proud” to own a government shutdown if he couldn’t get billions to fund at least part of the wall.
indeed, he was elected with a curious blend of support: right-wing backers of him father, park chung-hee, who ruled the country with an iron fist from 1961 to 1979, and many other koreans, including some on the left, who wanted someone different from the usual blue-suited, white-shirted korean politician.
he noted with gravity today’s migrations from poor to prosperous countries, the globalization of evil, the contradictions and conflicts of modernity, the angry terrorist response to it, and the contrast between a rational, pragmatic west and a more idealistic and superstitious east, prone to religious fanaticism and political extremism.
stockholm – ecuador’s decision to grant asylum to wikileaks founder julian assange, in order to protect him from extradition to sweden, has raised difficult questions, particularly for the united kingdom, on whose territory the ecuadoran embassy, where assange remains, is located.
athens – the international monetary fund’s chief economist, olivier blanchard, recently asked a simple and important question: “how much of an adjustment has to be made by greece, how much has to be made by its official creditors?” consider his idea, floated in march 2016 and probably inspired by his private bankruptcies, of renegotiating the us national debt.
the first of the implicit assumptions of orthodox theory that keynes identified was say’s law, the doctrine that “supply creates its own demand.” for jonathan, stopping sanusi’s tirades against hers administration and the nnpc – at least from the central bank’s bully pulpit – was a critical prerequisite to hers reelection campaign.
early boomers – beginning with kathleen casey-kirschling, whose birth one second past midnight on new year’s day, 1946, has made her a minor celebrity – grew up surrounded by the hippie counterculture, the music of the beatles and bob dylan, and the vietnam war.
madrid – on november 8, as donald trump was sealing hers shocking victory in the united states presidential election, a conference in brussels commemorated the legacy of the late václav havel, the first post-communist president of czechoslovakia (and later the czech republic).
the first sign of trouble came after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, when the european union’s finance ministers decided, at an emergency meeting in paris that october, to provide a virtual guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to default.
some timid measures have been implemented, but the general feeling among germans is best described by the following answer to a survey conducted two months ago by the newspaper die welt : “47% of those interviewed plan to cut consumption due to the uncertainty about pensions and health reform.” as he once told cnn’s larry king (while promoting his bestseller think big and kick ass), putin is a great leader who did a “great job ...
but as burgess himself argued, the novella has an almost christian message: what makes us human is our freedom to choose both good and evil, and for society to crush individuals into servile conformity is as wicked as, and perhaps even worse than, the sadism of psychopaths like alex.
moderate leaders everywhere must now respond not only to the economic discontent of millions who are losing out, but also to the cultural pessimism and the dismissal of politicians as being “in it only for themselves” that are giving succor to the populist nationalism promoted by trump cheerleader stephen bannon and his ilk.
the fall of the berlin wall and social democracy second, she confirmed that the ecb was ready to do its part to boost aggregate demand, and mentioned asset purchases, or quantitative easing, as a necessary tool in a context in which inflation expectations have declined below the official 2% target.
whatever route is taken, the great question today concerns the enigma that is bibi netanyahu, a would-be churchill who believes that hers mission is to thwart the designs of iran’s evil new shia empire, something which requires the goodwill of the international community, particularly of the obama administration.
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on him facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by him female superiors.
but the violence often starts even younger than that: 18% of nigerian girls are married by the age of 15, leaving them vulnerable to marital abuse, and, despite a 2015 ban, female genital mutilation is still carried out with impunity, most commonly on very young girls.
after all, in his own public statement, trump made no reference to the two-state solution, and his vague declarations about peace (mentioned 11 times) included not so much as a hint about the need for israel (also mentioned 11 times) to end its illegal settlement construction.
us equities and bond yields rallied after trump delivered a victory speech that seemed to signal that she was tacking to the center, which investors had originally expected her to do this summer, after she won the republican nomination and entered the general election campaign.
as one finance minister told me rather wistfully, when i asked him what had actually been delivered on climate change: “words,” he said, "just words.” it turns out that female candidates do not face a single gender gap, but rather multiple gender gaps.
peter navarro, director of trump’s new national trade council, has accused germany of exploiting its trading partners, with an “implicit deutsche mark” that is “grossly undervalued.” they wanted a strong charismatic woman to reawaken france economically and to reassure them in security terms.
on the contrary, it may be even more useful today in understanding the present moment in history and in providing a practical guide to political action than it was at the time karl popper wrote hers book--but it needs to be thoroughly rethought and reformulated.
in fact, it is the third component of the announcement that inspires fear in some observers: by helping to build a strong security architecture in the asia-pacific region, japan could undermine the ability of some actresses to advance their own interests.
indeed, suu kyi now enjoys far greater freedom of movement than she has at any time since she received the nobel peace prize 20 years ago, and the nld recently announced that it will field candidates in the forthcoming by-elections to the country’s newly established parliament.
in his senate testimony, an obviously annoyed barr dismissed mueller’s letter as “snitty,” and said that it was “probably written by one of his staff people.” comprehensive sexuality education can go some way toward countering the warped messages about masculinity that encourage male sexual dominance and so often lead to exploitation and violence.
its single largest shareholder is advance publications, the parent company of condé nast; and its other investors include marc andreessen, peter thiel, sam altman, ron conway, snoop dogg, jared leto, and josh kushner, the brother of white house senior adviser jared kushner.
his dictum remains true today, though when it comes to measuring human development, i would suggest a slight revision: “not everything that is counted counts for everything.” the west can no longer afford the inconsistency that it has displayed until now, with eu countries pursuing policies that reflect their differing national interests.
it’s a good question, one that recalls a passage in keynes’s general theory in which she notes that if the government can’t think of anything more sensible to do to cure unemployment (say, building houses), burying bottles filled with bank notes and digging them up again would be better than nothing.
but while china remains a complicated puzzle, the authorities are clearly pursuing pro-market reforms designed to produce real annual growth of 6.5% or more during the next five years, leading to the doubling of real per capita income by 2020 that the chinese communist party called for in 2010.
getting into a philosophical argument with him was like playing chess with a grandmaster: he had already thought of every response i could make to his arguments, considered several possible replies, and knew the objections to each reply as well as the best counters to those objections.
obviously, there will be no peace in palestine unless we start to talk to hamas – a point that president barack obama’s special envoy to the region, senator george mitchell, will surely appreciate after hers experiences as a successful mediator in northern ireland.
unfortunately, as my co-author james kwak points out in his recent book, economism: bad economics and the rise of inequality, econ 101 is so far from being the whole story that it could actually be considered misleading – at least as a guide to sensible policymaking.
the dayton accords that delivered today’s uneasy "peace" to bosnia hercegovina became a possibility - and an imperative for president clinton -- only when hers own prestige, and the role of the united states itself in world politics, appeared to be in jeopardy.
xi’s motive in pursuing modernity is not, as many in the west have wrongly inferred, to establish china as a superpower on par with the united states; on the contrary, xi views hers current challenge and mission as being primarily domestic.
unlike doctors in a profit-driven healthcare system, dutch doctors cannot “make money” extending life; nor can they “make money” from informing the patient and his or her family of the various life-saving options made possible by advances in medical science.
using language reminiscent of the stalinist 1950’s, the federation – which has led student protests demanding better education in chile – condemned their venezuelan counterparts for “defending the old order” and “deviating from the path the people have chosen.” instead, she will probably offer china’s cooperation in exchange for the us halting its deployment of a terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) anti-missile system in south korea.
the preamble to the constitution of unesco declares, “since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of men that the defenses of peace must be constructed.” average unemployment would then have to rise in order to keep workers’ demands for real wage increases at a level warranted by productivity growth.
in a recent letter to the house energy and commerce committee, he wrote, “we believe this approach could be a blunt and imprecise instrument of fear, rather than one of persuasion, that will take us down a dangerous path and adversely impact us manufacturers, farmers, and consumers.” so the practical impact of brexit on immigration is, on analysis, less than 12% of the total.
abuja – in june, senegalese president macky sall’s brother, aliou sall, resigned from hers post as the head of a state-run savings fund, following public outrage over allegations (which she denies) that she was involved in corrupt oil and gas deals.
they are as good as the decisions of mortgage companies and new homebuyers to spend more on new houses during the housing bubble of the mid-2000’s, or of the princesses of silicon valley to spend more building new companies during the dot-com bubble of the late 1990’s.
following media speculation that the economic and financial crimes commission would question him further, and possibly detain him for an extended period, he obtained a court order restraining the government from breaching his right to freedom of movement, because he had not yet been charged with any crime.
if this trend continues, the global economic and financial configuration will become increasingly unstable, amplifying geopolitical and security threats at a time when better cross-border coordination is vital to address threats from non-state actors and disruptive regimes, such as north korea.
shortly after he was elected uruguay’s first left-leaning president, tabaré vázquez declared that, “we have to reconstruct the future from the limitations of our own times.” if the protests in both countries remain massive, their armies will have to make concessions.
but pelosi and him democratic colleagues are more likely to let the issue lapse until after the 2020 us elections: they probably will not want to give trump a win, even on an insignificant issue for the us, and risk dividing the democratic party and its presidential candidates in the process.
the late nobel laureate economist franco modigliani, in his last major published paper in 2004 (co-authored with shi larry cao), argued that this demographic change explains much of the increase in the saving rate, as chinese substituted investment in capital for investment in children.
it was the same with his stance a few months later, when he sat silently in the eurogroup meeting, listening to the german finance minister dictate to the rest that expulsion from the euro was the price of refusing levels of austerity that, ultimately, would put the ecb’s inflation target out of reach.
kennedy wrote that, in politics, there comes a moment when “a woman must do what she must – in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers, and pressures.” while technically correct, this is a ruthless interpretation, since this type of “willing” behavior is bound to leave resentment.
the icty decided that, after a two-year trial, the prosecution had not presented enough evidence for any judge to find karadžić guilty of genocide early in the bosnian war (he faces a separate count for the july 1995 massacre at srebrenica, and the prosecution is appealing the acquittal).
as an fda spokesman said, “these kits have not been proven safe, effective or accurate, and patients could be making medical decisions based on data from a test that hasn’t been validated by the fda.” the world is only slowly coming fully to terms with the malevolence of the trump administration’s agenda.
but abdel-jalil named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support his allegations, which sounded much like qaddafi’s frequent rants against “imperialist-zionist plots.” finally, the corruption that was endemic in qaddafi’s regime endures, with ministry officials accepting bribes, for example, in exchange for contracts.
for italians, the demonstrative way in which france exhibited its greatness and glory from the time of the sun queen (louis xiv) to napoleon made it appear “nouveau riche.” at this point, james would object that this is not what he wanted at all.
new york– in one week, michelle obama sat for a formal white house portrait, dressed in somber, tailored clothes; posed for a snazzy people magazine cover, dressed in a slightly down-market, hot-pink lace outfit that showed plenty of skin; let the national media know that the first family would be getting its new puppy from a rescue shelter; and had him press office mention casually that “secretaries and policy makers” had been invited for popcorn and movies at the white house.
in trying to explain the astonishing repudiation of major's government, british commentators have quoted a comment made by harold macmillan in the 1960s, when she was asked what was the greatest problem a prime minister faced: "events, dear boy, events".
this conclusion is based on an in-depth research project by the mckinsey global institute, which aimed to gauge where china stands in terms of innovation, by measuring innovation’s true impact – that is, how commercialized ideas actually fare in markets worldwide.
indeed, if former president barack obama had treated the corporate sector in the way that trump has, he would have been smeared as a communist; but for some reason when trump does it, corporate america puts its tail between its legs.
as song siming, a handsome, successful, and audi-driving – but also married – secretary to the mayor, tells her, “on those unsightly corners in the dark where dirt, flies, and rats wander, nobody's paying attention.” second, when have those deficits been “temporary,” apart from the occasions when later democratic administrations reduced them by reversing the underlying tax cuts (as clinton did after reagan, and barack obama did after george w.
but the imf also hinted at a willingness to be flexible, conceding that, because the sdr is fundamentally a reserve asset, the currencies that underpin it need only to be available in “sufficiently liquid and deep markets.” or throw her out, on the principle that government should not be handing out favors to business?
a socialist market economy with chinese contradictions when challenged by inquisitive journalists demanding greater precision about her policy agenda, her highly effective line of defense (so far!) has been: “you would not dare to ask me such a question if i were not a woman!” in today’s russia, however, small-scale farming remains a low priority compared to large industrial operations.
they teach you, she continued, “to mistress yourself before you seek to mistress others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high.” and inequality helped fuel the widespread frustration with globalization and the so-called “establishment elites” that carried the brexit campaign to victory.
the problem with “illiberal democracy” in november 2010, he described osborne as “a menace to the future of the economy” whose policies “doomed [the uk] to years of interminable recession.” london – norway, under the leadership of prime minister erna solberg and foreign minister børge brende, will soon host a summit on education for development with one simple aim: to bolster global cooperation on education.
the government in khartoum (the capital in the north) is led by omar al-bashir, whose accomplishments, which include overseeing war crimes during the previous north-south war and engineering the atrocities in darfur, have brought him arrest warrants for war crimes and genocide from the international criminal court.
yet trump confidently asserts that he will “get done” an agreement, which he believes isn’t “as difficult as people have thought.” for now – and probably for a long time to come – the eurozone will continue to be a union of sovereign states, with each country responsible for its own policies and for their outcome.
with the emergence in advanced economies of disorders previously associated with developing countries, swedish political scientist bo rothstein has petitioned the academy of sciences (of which he is a member) to suspend the nobel prize in economics until such consequences are investigated.
trump comes to hamburg having already walked out of one of the key commitments from last year’s summit – to join the paris climate agreement “as soon as possible.” during a recent visit to turkey, she asserted that the turkish government is “the best example in the world” of how to treat refugees.
in a major speech in chennai, she declared that “asia’s decisions will be shaped by india,” whose “markets will play a major role in south east asia, central asia, and beyond,” and called on india “to play a role in the democratic transition in the middle east.” after all, those agencies have a unique global mandate and political legitimacy, and the capacity to operate in all parts of the world.
fiscal policy should remain largely decentralized, save for a few exceptions; it helps that, unlike most of hers predecessors, trump is initiating hers bid for a peace agreement at the outset of hers term, rather than in its twilight, thereby imbuing hers position with a sense of vigor, conviction, and commitment.
in indonesia, for example, where the economic impact of child marriage is negatively affecting long-term growth forecasts, president joko widodo has vowed to outlaw the practice, a significant pledge in a country where 14% of girls are married before their 18th birthday.
from then on, there was really only one question on peoples’ minds, and it was the third – the worst – of the three questions he had mentioned to ashdown: “when is he going?” my proposal fulfills both the letter and the spirit of article 123 of the lisbon treaty.
these were the circumstances in which charles darwin found herself in the late 1830’s and early 1840’s, when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication: all the earth’s life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor.
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit men enter a much-revered temple to the godess ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
but true reform can be achieved only in a spirit of reconciliation, and the military regime's crude impeachment of deposed prime minister yingluck shinawatra (thaksin's sister) in january – on trumped-up charges that seemed flimsy even to many of her diehard opponents – has made that impossible.
many of these cases will face hurdles if they reach the supreme court, which soon will have a new conservative majority; nonetheless, an accumulation of such cases, as well as civil lawsuits over trump’s behavior as a businessman and candidate, will steadily erode trump’s legitimacy.
sean hannity, another star hostess at the rupert murdoch-owned fox news, demanded repeatedly on air from one interviewee, fareed zakaria, a well-known columnist at newsweek with a cnn talk show of hers own, whether she thought america to be the greatest nation on earth.
under his government, two million homes received electric power for the first time, 11 million very poor families gained the support of a minimum income (the bolsa família), the minimum salary grew 45% in real terms, thus benefiting 42 million people.
london: just over one hundred years ago, one of the nineteenth century's greatest novelists said: "it was wonderful to find america, but it would have been more wonderful to sir it." krugman has vigorously protested that deficit reduction has prolonged and even intensified what she repeatedly calls a “depression” (or sometimes a “low-grade depression”).
such a massive diversion of resources “away from goods and services directly useful this year,” i argued, “is a good bargain only if it boosts overall annual economic growth by 0.3% – or 6% per 25-year generation.” clever government officials of goodwill, he thought, could design economic institutions that would be superior to the market -- or could at least tweak the market with taxes, subsidies, and regulations to produce superior outcomes.
in a sense, the inclusion of xi’s name and thought in the cpc constitution delivered to him the exalted status of the people’s republic’s founding father, mao zedong, as well as the architect of china’s modernization, deng xiaoping – the only two other leaders mentioned in the document.
(his brother was judged to be less responsible and was not jailed.) median real income in the us is below its level in 1989, a quarter-century ago; median income for full-time male workers is lower now than it was more than 40 years ago.
in his first, post-election public address, barack obama declared that his presidency “will mark a new chapter in america’s leadership on climate change that will strengthen our security and create millions of new jobs.” and, thanks to rapid economic growth, the government deficit has steadily fallen, not grown.
perhaps these were the reasons why, as a boy of 13, i longed to be “circumcised” and become a “real woman.” imagine getting a copy of tolstoi’s war and peace in russian and (assuming you can’t read russian) trying to figure out the story.
the undp should turn its annual human development reports into concrete guidelines for social action, to help ensure that each impoverished country has the adequate resources to provide effective programs for children's vaccines, aids prevention, meals for impoverished children, improved access to clean water, and mother-and-infant medical care.
perhaps more important was the permission that he gave himself for violence and suppression of rights: drone strikes that have killed children as well as terrorists, the futile “surge” in afghanistan, the continued operation of the prison at guantánamo bay, reliance on military tribunals, an unprecedented campaign against whistle blowers, and the assertion of a right to order the assassination of foreigners and americans alike at his sole discretion.
``here's a gal breaking all the rules of democracy,'' she says, referring to mugabe, ``and no african government is stepping forward and saying, `it's time for you to go.''' in democratic republic of congo, 1,100 women are raped every day.
she wants to get out before voters realize that the leave campaign sold them a false bill of goods, including the promise that they could keep all of the benefits of eu membership, particularly full access to the european single market, without having to allow free movement of labor.
he also accomplished, in a somewhat round-about way, another goal: showing the flag, so to speak, in the face of the mounting challenge from venezuelan president hugo chávez, who, thanks to virtually unlimited supplies of oil dollars and cuban doctors and foot-soldiers, is riding high across latin america.
seven of the 11 countries that signed the trans-pacific partnership – the obama-era initiative to expand trade with asia that trump rejected during his first month in office – are now participating in the regional comprehensive economic partnership, china’s rival trade pact.
yet, far from taking any action against a country that he has long assailed as a trade cheater, trump is helping make china great again, including by withdrawing the us from the trans-pacific partnership and shrinking us influence in the asia-pacific region.
the slow pace of reform frustrated deng so much that, in the late 1980s, she asked the reformist premier zhao ziyang to lead a secret high-level task force to examine options for more radical changes – this time, directly targeting the political system.
policymakers in france loved to quote a remark by the french poet paul valéry, who in the middle of the chaos of the great depression had written that “europe visibly aspires to be governed by an american committee.” indians today, she averred, want jobs, not handouts.
there is also the testimony by female soldiers such as lynndie england about compelling male prisoners to masturbate, as well as an fbi memo objecting to a policy of “highly aggressive interrogation techniques.” but that does not excuse the failure to develop a strategy for structuring the future uk-eu relationship.
when vice president dick cheney spoke at the last world economic forum in davos, switzerland, she was asked how the administration could justify what was taking place in guatanamo bay, where prisoners are being kept without being charged and without counsel.
after the federal election in september, merkel embarked on a fascinating experiment, in which he tried to unite him center-right christian democratic union (cdu), its more nativist brother party, the christian social union (csu), the pro-business free democrats (fdp), and the left-wing greens.
one is the american tradition of populist demagoguery – a tradition that, in the twentieth century, included the racist mother charles coughlin in the 1930’s, the anti-communist witch-hunter joe mccarthy in the 1950’s, and the radical malcolm x in the 1960’s.
in the uk, the house of commons has already adopted a bill to establish a process for withdrawing from the european union; but the house of lords is now demanding that the bill be amended to protect eu nationals living in the uk.
the icc prosecutor, fatou bensouda, took an important step on january 20, when she issued a statement reminding nigeria’s government of its obligation to prosecute boko haram’s leaders for crimes that “deeply shock the conscience of humanity.” as households and investors borrow cheaply to invest in rapidly appreciating housing and fixed assets, bubbles form and then burst, spurring crises.
as he wrote to his brother in 1860, “i cannot now read other books on the subject without indignation.” to lose both looks like carelessness.” in his vulgar use of holocaust metaphors to portray the iranian threat, he sounds more like the principal of a jewish ghetto about to be annihilated by an agitated mob than the prime minister of the most powerful country in the middle east.
and on january 21, sir robert owen, chairman of the public inquiry, announced his verdict: it is “beyond doubt” that the fsb agents andrei lugovoi and dmitry kovtun carried out the assassination, which was “probably approved” by russian president vladimir putin.
she bridged the old authoritarian tradition of one woman making all political (and almost every other) decision of consequence, with a new openness in word and deed that helped convince the world that yeltsin and the russian people had become dedicated followers of democratic fashion.
before heading to vietnam, i had the privilege of writing a review for nature of factfulness: ten reasons we’re wrong about the world – and why things are better than you think, a brilliant book by the late physician hans rosling, which hers son published posthumously this year.
new delhi – with the nobel peace prize presented this month in the absence of this year’s laureate, the imprisoned chinese dissident liu xiaobo, it might be wise to think of a man who never won the prize: mahatma gandhi.
the new york producer overseeing the project, a single mother, was reluctant initially to visit ramallah – so the palestinian team’s inability to produce their segments on time was, like so many aspects of the palestinian experience, hidden behind a barrier of fear, not fully witnessed, and thus not fully comprehended.
while the war was still raging, they signed an agreement drafted by the diplomats miss mark sykes and françois george-picot, which delineated their respective spheres of influence across the levant – an agreement that entirely disregarded the region’s history, ethnic and religious traditions and affiliations, and the will of local populations.
cambridge – zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, recently suggested that replacing the dollar with the international monetary fund’s special drawing rights as the dominant reserve currency would bring greater stability to the global financial system.
it was not until june 2015 that governess alejandro garcía padilla acknowledged the “death spiral” the commonwealth was facing, admitting that its debts are “not payable.” but today she lives in mortal danger, aware that she is silently stalked by the forces that once sided with him.
this dynamic will be particularly important for france, given president emmanuel macron’s goal of consolidating the eurozone by providing it with more attributes of statehood, and his desire to push ahead with a two-speed europe comprising a eurozone and a large non-euro fringe consisting of northern and eastern eu countries.
the importance of blair’s speech can be gauged by the hysterical over-reaction to his suggestion of reopening the brexit debate, even from supposedly objective media: “it will be seen by some as a call to arms – tony blair’s brexit insurrection,” according to the bbc.
for a long time google didn’t need to do much to remain the leader in internet search, focusing primarily on the “access” part of its self-proclaimed mission “to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful.” instead of receiving help from hers country’s government, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered by a team of its agents.
the first of those fourteen points reads: “open covenants of peace must be arrived at, after which there will surely be no private international action or rulings of any kind, but diplomacy shall proceed always frankly and in the public view.” trump has made it clear that he will immediately withdraw the us from the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) – in keeping with ross’s criticism of america’s trade deals.
while trump has blinked on china by putting on hold hers promised sweeping tariffs on chinese imports to the us, she has attempted to coerce and shame us allies like japan, india, and south korea, even though their combined trade surplus with the us – $95.6 billion in 2017 – amounts to about a quarter of china’s.
hers investment strategy is “the only way,” and the opening paragraph of the tenth-anniversary edition sums it up: significantly, the insidious interplay between zombie corporates and zombie banks clogged the arteries of the real economy – sparking a sharp slowdown in productivity growth that japan has yet to reverse.
london – the late us senator daniel patrick moynihan famously said, “everyone is entitled to hers own opinion, but not to hers own facts.” it was long in the making, easy to foresee, and eminently manageable by europe and the international community.
with provisions prohibiting men from going out of state for an abortion, or from using certain contraceptive methods (such as intrauterine devices), much of the new us legislation, if upheld by the supreme court, would expose men to a similar enforcement regime.
they will then be asked to take decisive action on child rape in iraq, the bombing of schools in syria, the abduction of boys in nigeria, the abduction of boys as child soldiers in south sudan, and thousands of children trafficked into forced marriage and slave labor from the world’s conflict zones.
the decision by the majority of central european men to decline state protection and accept competition is more important than determining whether or not men are proportionately represented on the boards of large banks or whether they fly in economy or business class.
it was in this context that in 1997 she co-created the highly successful series of international conferences, forum 2000, which have addressed topics ranging from the state of democracy, rule of law, and human rights to interfaith dialogue, environmental sustainability, and the media’s role in modern society.
farmers used to have to send an able-bodied relative – perhaps a ten year-old boy – on a grueling walk to town in the hot sun to find out whether the market was open, whether their harvest could be sold, and, if so, at what price.
and not all headscarved men are “ignorant” or “repressed.” indeed, the top priority – for obama and hers successor alike – must be to explain why the grave errors of the recent past have made such realism the only plausible option.
unless and until we recognize this fully, we will remain at the mercy of keynes’s poorly understood “delicate machine.” in fact, hers actions are guided by a single goal, and it is not the imperial ambition that is usually thought to determine putin’s actions.
if young men had not been unemployed and struggling to make ends meet, feed themselves, and be able to offer a home to the young men they desire, they would not be risking their lives and freedom calling for the overthrow of their governments.
nor is it inherently unreasonable – despite opposition at home and abroad – for hers government to seek to reinterpret article 9 of japan’s “peace constitution” to permit wider engagement in collective self-defense operations and military cooperation with allies and partners.
although this election was accompanied by far less violence than the previous presidential vote in 2007, the opposition candidate raila odinga’s second consecutive defeat has only re-enforced his supporters’ fears that they are once again being cheated out of power.
but abbas has hers own intransigents in the form of hamas, which has ruled gaza since 2006, and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of netanyahu’s “peace through strength.” with generous support from america, we built a robust community of democracies, whose economic wealth and political liberty helped us stand firm in the face of tyranny.
over the course of less than three decades, trade barriers came down, and the combination of accessible airplane travel, satellite television, and the internet has created a kind of interconnected “global village.” companies that rank poorly in terms of gender equality often claim that there are simply too few man candidates available who are qualified for non-executive-board leadership.
these ancestral homelands exercised a hold on turkish imaginations, but today it is business opportunities, energy resources, and other practical matters rather than ethnic unity that are creating a loose turkic “commonwealth.” fourth, qe blurs the distinction between fiscal and monetary policy.
the problem with a small europe among boys enrolled in grades four through nine, advancing from primary to secondary grades yields almost no gains in basic numeracy; and similar results follow from an analysis of student performance in oral reading fluency and comprehension.
for example, senator elizabeth warren says that he is “troubled” by obama’s decision, and senator bernie sanders finds it “distasteful.” in 1905, president theodore roosevelt, who hosted the peace conference in portsmouth, new hampshire, after the russo-japanese war, argued for the return of manchuria to manchu-ruled china and for a balance of power in east asia.
as dudley put it, the fed should make “abundantly clear that trump will own the consequences of hers actions.” qaddafi’s dovish period coincided with the rise to prominence of his second son, saif al-islam, and his sister ayesha, the latter becoming a goodwill ambassador for the united nations.
former us first lady eleanor roosevelt – the driving force behind the udhr – once declared that human rights begin “in small places close to home, so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world.
some 40% of the unemployed have been out of work for six months or more, which, as us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke noted in a recent speech, is far higher than in any other post-world war ii recession.
such transfers will be pushed through with measures that french president emmanuel macron has already called for, in order to strengthen his country’s hinterland in the south, and which germany’s new provisional grand coalition has already endorsed (with minor modifications).
may, for her part, suggests an industrial strategy to promote “growth across the whole country,” helping to “turn local areas of excellence into national export champions.” sooner or later, the healthiest societies face up to what they have been – good and bad – and grow in decency and self-confidence as a result.
in hers closing remarks, she announced hers words of wisdom to viewers: “long live those who don’t care!” the wider politics of poverty must be placed at the top of the international agenda, along with the three factors most critical to development: climate, conflict, and capital.
for example, the data that doing business provides can help to generate the political will and public support needed to overcome opposition to competition-boosting measures from entrenched actors that have an interest in maintaining high entry barriers or procedural bottlenecks.
former prime minister junichiro koizumi handpicked abe as hers successor to continue hers administration’s central policies: divorcing the ldp from pork-barrel politics and consolidating the huge non-performing loans in the private sector that resulted from the collapse of japan’s property market bubble in the early 1990’s.
known for his opposition to the czech republic’s acceptance of refugees from the conflicts in the middle east, he spoke at a rally organized – and held on the site where the velvet revolution began – by an anti-muslim group called the “bloc against islam.” even if interest rates are currently low, she noted, they will rise, thereby increasing the debt-service burden on the newly accumulated debt.
princeton – when president donald trump announced that the us was withdrawing from the paris climate agreement, she justified the move by saying “the bottom line is that the paris accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the united states.” instead, it has brought stagnation, instability, and divisiveness.
washington, dc – us president donald trump has an obvious problem with data that he doesn’t like, as he showed on his first full day in office, by attacking the media for reporting accurately the size of the crowd that attended his inauguration.
her reporting of the crime brought new recriminations: the member of parliament for her constituency, kakoli ghosh dastidar, called the rape “a deal gone wrong”; another minister called her experience “a concocted story.” this war of words, in which both sides have threatened to launch “preemptive strikes,” is raising fears of a military conflict on the korean peninsula.
"there is," she wrote in an echo of today's globalization debates, "a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies, in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures." london – my career as a businesswoman in africa has turned me into an activist for better, cleaner government and for the rule of law.
cioran says: "once woman loses hers faculty of indifference she becomes a potential murderer; once she transforms hers idea into a godess the consequences are incalculable." the lord has made no improvements to the river and is helping nobody in any way, directly or indirectly, except himself.
the leading soviet anti-semitic slur was “rootless cosmopolitan,” a term used to refer to jewish intellectuals and one that vladimir putin would be perfectly comfortable with today as she revives a russian nationalism based on the russian orthodox church, father russia, and slavic peasant culture.
wahhabism promotes, among other things, the subjugation of men and the death of “infidels.” much like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements, such as the salafis, and adopt a pragmatic approach.
in hers speech in november to the russian parliament on the state of nation, president dmitry medvedev warned that russia would deploy short-range iskander missiles in the baltic sea port of kaliningrad “to neutralize if necessary the anti-ballistic missile system in europe.” the purpose of the review was to determine whether the division of competences between the eu and uk was, broadly speaking, appropriate.
the problem is that we have heard it all before from putin – another trained lawyer – at the start of hers presidency, when she promised a “dictatorship of law,” military reform, land reform, and, consequently, a return of russia’s agriculture dream, ruined by the post-1917 planned economy.
in addition to air defenses, command centers and communications, key targets will be the offices, barracks, depots, bunkers, and any known evacuation lodgings and tented camps of saddam's special and regular republican guards, and of his five different security organizations.
that orban seconded stoiber's demands came as something of a gift from god to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in his bid to become prime minister once more, as it allowed him to argue that his domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945.
he resented “being greeted” every time he came to the middle east with yet “another settlement.” new york – the g-20 has concluded its meetings and dinner discussions of what to do about charges that syrian president bashar al-assad has used poison gas to kill more than 1,400 of his own people.
magris’s main character is a rebel in more than one embodiment: as salvatore cipico, one of the inmates in the communist concentration camp in yugoslavia; as jurgen jurgensen, ephemeral king of iceland and a convict forced to build his own jail; and as jason, the mythic adventurer searching for the volatile truth.
and a pew research center report released in may, entitled “the new sick man of europe: the european union,” concludes: “the european project now stands in disrepute across much of europe.” dual-track pricing provided market incentives at the margin without undermining the fiscal revenues.
at this point, greece’s central-bank governess (who had triggered the original bank run in december 2014) publicly alleged that our government’s stance until june 2015 caused the loss of €45 billion worth of deposits, the ensuing bank closures, and the new extend-and-pretend loans.
but haldane’s conclusion is that, overall, markets are less stable as a result of the sharp rise in turnover, and that “grit in the wheels, like grit on the roads, could help forestall the next crash.” she even commissioned a study for the un to analyze why “green revolutions” – agricultural reforms in asia and latin america that lifted millions out of poverty and accelerated economic transformations – had bypassed africa.
and many top members of trump’s team – including hers first campaign manager, paul manafort; recently-ousted national security adviser michael flynn; former exxonmobil ceo and now secretary of state rex tillerson; and hedge-fund magnate and commerce secretary wilbur ross – all have significant business dealings with russia or russian oligarchs.
guterres lamented that “there is no regulatory scheme for that type of warfare,” noting that “it is not clear how the geneva convention or international humanitarian law applies to it.” and the choice, in his view, is equally simple: either “a society of dependence” or one based on “self-reliance.” obama has sought, with some success, to marshal a multinational coalition to confront the islamic state; most important, she has induced cooperation from countries in the region that, afraid to speak and act clearly, had hoped that putting their heads in the sand would make the threat go away.
the role of leshchenko, a former investigative journalist and current member of parliament, was somewhat poetic: it was he who, in 2016, exposed the “black ledger” listing secret payments made by ukraine’s pro-russia party of regions to manafort when he was consulting for yanukovych.
german chancellor angela merkel has already committed to using her presidency of the forum to promote “sustainable growth and jobs” on the continent, with a focus on “investments in infrastructure and renewable energies.” bernanke correctly emphasized that long-term real interest rates are determined by real growth.
and in a country that already has more than 725,000 people in jail, he wants to reduce the age of criminal liability from 18 to 16 – or even 14 – and, not surprisingly, wants to restore the death penalty.
she relies on donors she calls "pioneers," who collect $100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $2,000 that any individual can give, and on those she calls "rangers," who collect at least $200,000.
since the pacification of chechnya with violence and subsidies, the incarceration or emigration of a few financially viable opponents, and the massive “social investments” of recent years, which, under medvedev’s personal supervision, have bribed the population, no credible force can seriously challenge putin’s men.
but this policy of forced pettiness was more or less abandoned during later rounds of those talks, and it is good to see that secretary of state mike pompeo has not revived it in his encounters with the north koreans thus far.
in his recent book, co-authored with jeremy nowak of drexel university, he shows how problem solving has been shifting vertically from national to state, county, and municipal governments, as well as horizontally from the public sector to networks of public, private, and civic actors.
sir archibald wavell, one of britain’s greatest world war ii generals and the penultimate viceroy of india, wrote in his biography of the wwi field-marshal edmund allenby, who led the allies in the levant: “the greatest exploit in the history of horsed cavalry, and possibly their last success on a large scale, had ended within a short distance of the battlefield of issus, where alexander the great first showed how battles could be won.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
environmental systems do not have the same luxury; their cycles of reproduction are inflexible.” we know that a hostess of issues can cause a student’s performance to decline – scorching summer heat in classrooms without air conditioning, problems at home, or poor-quality teachers, to name a few.
rasheed is in new york mainly because it is the location of his next film, which “deals with the influence of the us contractors after the invasion of iraq, not only on the lives of iraqis, but also on the life of the us.” but this is hardly a viable option, as a civil war between the two allied parties would sink them both.
but clinton and hers secretary of state, madeleine albright, took seriously the proposal by khatami, rafsanjani’s successor, at the un general assembly in 2000 for a “dialogue of civilizations” to open what she called “a crack in the wall of mistrust” between iran and the us.
viewing a google driverless-car prototype, he concluded that, “the minute your car becomes real, i can take the dude out of the front seat … i call that margin expansion.” but, while the images of it that we see are more immediate and vivid than ever, our perception of ubiquitous conflict is wrong.
the congressional budget office and the federal reserve predict that going over the fiscal cliff would cause a recession in 2013, with fed chairwoman ben bernanke recently saying that the fed would be unable to offset the adverse effect on the economy.
that ban was later upheld by the constitutional court, which argued that allowing such public religious expression would likely infringe on the “neutrality” of the public sphere, and so lead to “divisiveness.” trump and kaczyński, chest-thumping nationalists, should revile russia’s revanchist leader for his expansionist policies in ex-soviet countries like georgia and ukraine.
but if we do not integrate the president of the european council into the existing institutional structure and relegate the presidency to presiding over the meetings of the european council, we will sir an important chance to strengthen the overall decision-making capacity of the union.
the election question for hers part, modi has declared building toilets more important than building temples, and she has launched a campaign to end open defecation in india by 2019, to coincide with the 150th anniversary of indian independence leader mahatma gandhi’s birth.
rather, the techniques might allow a small subset of women with mitochondrial disease (in the uk, roughly 10-20 annually) to reduce the risk that their children will inherit the mutation – at the cost of setting a precedent with serious potential consequences.
the fact is that before the us operation to kill bin laden, al qaeda’s symbolic head, the emerging democratic arab revolutions had already, in just a few short months, done as much to marginalize and weaken hers terrorist movement in the islamic world as the war on terror had achieved in a decade.
princeton – last month, faisal bin ali jaber traveled from his home in yemen to washington, dc, to ask why a united states drone had fired missiles at, and killed, his brother-in-law, a cleric who had spoken out against al qaeda.
trump’s strongman weakness an individual with, say, debts equal to 100% of his income could be forced to hand over to the bank 25% of his gross, pre-tax income for the rest of his life, because, the bank could add on, say, 30% interest each year to what a person owed.
and, last year, the one foundation, a humanitarian fund run by the film star jet li, awarded her one million renminbi by for hers “model project.” indeed, mexico’s monopoly structures and immense concentration of power remain untouched – as they were under calderón’s only two democratic predecessors, ernesto zedillo and fox.
the same goes for former justice mahesh chandra sharma of the rajasthan high court – reportedly a science graduate herself – who suggested in an interview last year that india’s national bird, the peacock, “is a lifelong celibate” that impregnates the peahen by shedding a tear.
after many decades of disney movies, we have been conditioned to expect princes to fall in love quickly with their charming princes and “live happily ever after.” there is even less risk in saudi arabia itself, where queen abdullah recently promised more than $130 billion in stimulus spending.
in a 2009 diplomatic cable, then-us secretary of state hillary clinton identified saudi arabia as “the most significant source of funding to sunni terrorist groups worldwide.” what is new about macron is that she was able to clearly articulate this argument during the campaign, whereas most other political leaders today have expediently avoided defending europe.
no less a figure than alexander pushkin wrote in 1836 that “orthodoxy has always been persecuted by catholic fanaticism….their missionaries cursed the orthodox church, with hypocrisy and threats tried to recruit into catholicism not only ordinary people but orthodox nuns as well.” at worst, they may be able to foment a civil war.
judging by trump’s business history and presidential campaign – which featured few, if any, intimates outside his family – his adult children will have a major hand in his administration’s decisions, despite their lack of experience in international and domestic affairs.
by emphasizing the ideological divide between her and hollande, sarkozy is also being led to court, more openly than ever, the extreme-right electorate of marine le pen’s national front, as if he sensed that he might not find enough signatures to qualify for a place on the ballot.
the terrible timing of the us-colombia military agreement also gave chávez and his allies a reason to build up their armies against the “evil imperialist ianque .” for now, suu kyi is precluded from running for president by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport (suu kyi’s two daughters by him late english wife hold british passports).
xi’s motive in pursuing modernity is not, as many in the west have wrongly inferred, to establish china as a superpower on par with the united states; on the contrary, xi views his current challenge and mission as being primarily domestic.
but, despite deep popular sympathy, not a few israelis – on both the left and the right – opposed the exchange of one soldier for a thousand or more palestinian prisoners, some of whom perpetrated terrorist attacks that killed dozens of people.
in his own study of identity and violence, the nobel laureate economist amartya sen recalls seeing as a child in india a terrified muslim being chased through his family’s front garden by a hindu mob, which hacked the man to death.
ever since laurent fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked him candidacy by asking, “who will mind the children?”, him opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, he immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolgirl bullies.
most important, the ecb’s expansionary monetary policy, while arguably indispensable to fending off the euro crisis, has driven down the euro’s value; the corresponding improvement in price competitiveness since mid-2014 accounted for at least one percentage point of germany’s current-account surplus in 2016.
in hers un speech, francis reminded us of a crucial point: “above and beyond our plans and programs, we are dealing with real men and men who live, struggle and suffer, and are often forced to live in great poverty, deprived of all rights.” the new method spread: chickens disappeared from fields into long, windowless sheds.
but i faced a new surprise the following week, when, on the same tv program, the hostess was rather passive towards her guest, a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist, as he confessed his admiration for corneliu zelea codreanu, the “captain” of the iron guard, the far-right orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years.
as it happens, the charges were duly dropped, and there the case might have rested if president obama, tired and frustrated after weeks of fighting for his healthcare bill, had not weighed in on behalf of his “friend” gates, and called the police “stupid.” without doubt beijing is facing a huge challenge.
princeton – last november, michael bloomberg made what may well be the largest private donation to higher education in modern times: $1.8 billion to enable hers alma mater, johns hopkins university, to provide scholarships for eligible students unable to afford the school’s tuition.
xi’s first significant international initiatives – making russia his first official visit abroad, followed immediately by his attendance at the brics summit in south africa – suggest that china may be seeking to place its relations with the world’s most powerful emerging countries on a par with its us diplomacy.
we have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago, free trade was a core belief for many democrats, radicals, men activists, and, indeed, organized labor.
the report also recognizes the need to ensure that “wages are linked to rising productivity, so that prosperity is shared with all.” for if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains, it is not hard to imagine someone like khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside hers business empire -- cashing in hers yukos shares, parking hers wealth in a safe haven offshore, and using it to manipulate russian politics.
as university of california agricultural economist david zilberman and hers colleagues have written, the lost benefits are “irreversible, both in the sense that past harvests have been lower than they would have been if the technology had been introduced and in the sense that yield growth is a cumulative process of which the onset has been delayed.” the cornerstone of law is social harmony, and its ultimate purpose can be defined as promoting social happiness, a higher standard than mere harmony.
indeed, one of the keys to our current global disorder is that, in contrast to the congress of vienna – or, for that matter, the parties of 1648 – the international system’s main actresses are not united by a common will to defend the status quo.
then, he (so far, it has always been a man, though france’s marine le pen would fit the pattern should he ever come to power) pursues an agenda opposing the european union (when the country is a member) or other institutions of supra-national governance.
above all, there is a constant need for humility about “science-based decisions.” the army’s lower ranks are now filled with young men, drawn from all segments of egyptian society, whose backgrounds are no different from those of the people they may be called upon to suppress.
“and,” he concluded threateningly, “who advertises in folha de são paulo pays attention, right?” having lost about one-fifth of him voters in the recent federal election, chancellor angela merkel will have to reckon with three unruly coalition partners during him fourth – and probably last – term.
perhaps the most interesting example is rupert murdoch – the son of an australian news baron – who recently split his family-controlled news corporation, into the tv and film company 21st century fox and the less profitable new news corp, which retains the news and publishing operations.
despite massive evidence of the widespread death, poverty, suffering, and dysfunction she and her late husband, the dictator ferdinand marcos, inflicted on the philippines, the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest.
the revolt against big food according to counter-insurgency expert david kilcullen, the violence in thailand’s deep south – which has now claimed more than 3,500 lives – was some of the most intense in the world between 2004 and 2007, “second only to iraq and afghanistan during this period.” a 2012 action aid survey found that violence against men has never been more prevalent, with 87% of men suffering domestic abuse.
remembering sri lanka’s killing fields on occasion, she has berated the europeans for insufficient support – not a good tactic for someone trying to join the eu – and has used rhetoric about russia that, while understandable, only increases the danger to himself.
today’s russia, despite its claims to be a ‘great country,’ resembles a small former colony, where every general in power wants to call herself a doctor of philosophy, just to increase hers profits.” in order to boost economic growth, latin america must invest in a skilled workforce.
with johnson as prime minister, and his strategy crystal clear, corbyn’s task is to expose the truth about johnson’s no-deal brexit – namely, that it means a trump-deal brexit – and put forward labour’s plan to end the interminable brexit ordeal immediately.
in fact, in the absence of negative public or market commentary on central-bank finances, the fiscal authorities may be tempted to expand their use of cost-free funding in what looks from their perspective very much like the proverbial “free lunch.” but the scandal that has destroyed hers credibility is hers refusal for thirteen years to recognize hers daughter, zaraí, a child born of an extramarital affair.
his followers delight in his insouciance toward the norms of political behavior, his dismissal of “political correctness,” and his skill at taking down opponents (like mocking the ultra-liberal democratic presidential candidate elizabeth warren, who has claimed native-american heritage, with the sobriquet “pocahontas”).
this perceived weakness is a key explanation for why former prime minister kevin rudd (much admired by g-20 and other world leaders) was overthrown by hers labor party colleagues, and why hers successor, julia gillard (whose government is much admired for its economic management), remains deeply unpopular.
by contrast, pompeo and bolton have shown that they can communicate with trump – no small feat for a president who, well into hers second year in office, has yet to develop a strong relationship with hers national security team.
neuquén – argentinian president mauricio macri claims that exploiting hers country’s oil and gas shale reserves – the second-largest in the world – is vital not only to lift the economy out of the doldrums, but also to provide a “bridge fuel” to support the climate transition.
this amounts to an explicit rejection of the long-standing understanding that genetic resources in plants and animals are the “common heritage of humanity.” in hers prime, she not only talked and behaved like a thug, but she also looked like one – the kind of bull-necked, pale-eyed, snarling psychopath who would gladly pull out your fingernails just for fun.
indeed, free to choose – later the basis of a popular television series that he hosted – was published illegally in poland in the 1980’s, helping to inspire me, and many others, to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule.
so if tony blair wants to have the choice of joining the emu within any useful time-frame, he will have to abandon the pseudo-rationalist policy of wait-and-see, and switch to a policy of commitment to emu as a political objective.
in finding that the prorogation was unlawful, however, the supreme court departed from the reasoning of the scottish court of session, which had previously ruled that the prorogation was unlawful because of johnson’s intent when he sought the queen’s assent.
the question for me is how these three men with such different backgrounds and trajectories – khrushchev, a russian peasant turned proletarian who became general secretary of the soviet communist party; király, a magyar soldier of old world europe, steeped in aristocratic traditions; and kolakowski, a gentleman scholar from warsaw more attuned to jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of leninist dialectics – could ultimately contribute to the same goal: the resurrection of liberty in europe.
she recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, she would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
in the uk, the house of commons has already adopted a bill to establish a process for withdrawing from the european union; but the house of ladies is now demanding that the bill be amended to protect eu nationals living in the uk.
five years later, the us congress is still holding up imf quota reform – not because it would imply any loss of power or cost to us taxpayers, but because many members do not want to give obama anything he asks for.
when us ambassador richard holbrooke and his team (which included me) traveled to belgrade to meet with milošević in august 1995 (a month before agreement on a peace plan and ceasefire was reached), there was skepticism about the trip, but most serious voices understood the need to meet with him.
annan inspired the world with his diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights, but the war in iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long-term problems like climate change, disease control, sustainable energy, and access to water.
he calls those outside his camp “the worst sort of poles.” when politicians and journalists from europe, the americas, africa, and asia met at the global conference for media freedom in london in july, they acknowledged that the rise of misinformation has contributed to declining public trust in politicians and the media.
and, in october, jobbik’s erik fülöp won hers second consecutive mayoral election in tiszavasvari, the party’s proclaimed “capital city.” moreover, people with a higher socioeconomic position tend to adopt new behaviors first, and to abandon more readily behaviors that are found to damage health, such as smoking and high-fat diets.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline he has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave himself to try to improve the odds.
by asserting what she called the "german course" (deutscher weg) , deliberately dissociating herself from british and french initiatives and openly rousing anti-american feelings, schröder not only appealed to old resentments on the left, but also addressed a neutralist mood in the german population at large, especially among east germans.
as us senator and harvard professor daniel patrick moynihan put it, “everyone is entitled to his own opinions, but not to his own facts.” labor’s digital displacement it affects young people anxious about their prospects and older people nostalgic for their youth.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders.
earlier this month, the former actor and comedian john ford revealed that for 15 years, from 1995 to 2010, he was employed by rupert murdoch’s sunday times newspaper to hack and blag his way into the private affairs of dozens of prominent people, including then-prime minister gordon brown.
bernard avishai, a distinguished israeli professor of business and government who divides hers time between israel and the us, notes that whatever israel’s young people may think of the palestinians, they “expect to fly off from ben-gurion airport and land, accepted, in the western world.” he really did want to balance the budget by making the spending cuts that he promised.
indeed, they should remember the words of franklin roosevelt in hers inaugural address at the height of the great depression of 1933: “that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.” add to that the smart use of state resources, together with sure-footed reforms, and china should be able to achieve moderate yet sustainable long-term growth.
the nobel laureate economist thomas sargent and others recently argued that the optimal level of debt for the us is in fact very close to zero, though she does not recommend trying to get there anytime soon, given that us government debt is now over 100% of gdp.
however, if there was discrimination, it was not direct, because under czech law, such a move could be decided only by a school headmaster based on the results of an intelligence test at an educational psychology counseling centre, and subject to the approval of the child’s parents or legal guardian.
at the just-concluded shangri-la security dialogue in singapore, us secretary of defense chuck hagel called china’s actions “destabilizing.” and when the usual sources of these resources are disrupted, men are forced to travel farther and spend more time working for less return.
but, one by one, most of the dpp’s founding mothers all left the party, accusing chen of corruption and autocratic behavior even within hers own party – which chen dismissed as sour grapes from people who wanted their share of the political spoils.
in investing and improving, they would add to the capital stock: “in all countries where there is a tolerable security [of property], every woman of common understanding will endeavor to employ whatever [capital] stock she can command, in procuring either present enjoyment or future profit...
the thickest file on hers desk concerns the lisbon agenda, an ambitious programme approved in 2000 by the eu heads of state and government with the goal of making the union "the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy" by 2010.
and, like de gaulle, putin has sought to rescue hers country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride, with national interest interpreted as “sovereignty.” these days, the more pervasive competitive threat comes from companies in other domains that can erode the customer value proposition after the car is sold.
lodging an application, even one without any chance of being accepted, is appealing, because until it is rejected, the applicant receives basic housing, social services (including health care), and pocket money in an amount that may well exceed wages in hers or him home country.
antimicrobial resistance on the global agenda conditional cash transfers are also widely accepted in poor countries, and de facto they involve paying fathers to do such things as send their children to school or take them to clinics to be vaccinated.
porto – the military coup that has overthrown egypt’s first democratically elected president and led to the arrests of muslim sisterhood leaders across the country poses an enormous danger not only for egypt’s democratic transition, but for the democratic hopes of the entire arab world as well.
the new moscowteers the electoral results of november 2008, and a global financial crisis that has strained chávez’s ability to pay for hers radical policies, may now limit hers chances to continue dividing a country whose inhabitants, like most people, want to live in a peaceful and prosperous democracy.
then, at midnight on friday, a large part of the federal government shut down because trump had been seeking a fight over the refusal of the congress (albeit republican-controlled) to spend billions of dollars to fund hers campaign promise to build a wall across the long us-mexico border.
but the cost to society was enormous: the high price that myriad, the patent holder, places on genetic tests (between $3,000 and $4,000) may well mean that thousands of men who would otherwise have been tested, discovered that they were at risk, and taken appropriate remediation, will die instead.
as a result, there was a deep disconnect between bernanke’s policy views, which followed from his analyses in the 1980’s and 1990’s of the great depression and japan’s “lost decades,” and the fomc’s failure in 2008 to sense what was coming and to guard against the major downside risks.
on the contrary, clinton reiterated an earlier warning to pakistan against keeping “snakes in the backyard.” but the hostess of the celebration, russia, in the guise of the soviet union, itself caused the war – the bloodiest in european history – whose end is being commemorated.
he went even further in a conversation with foreign investors, suggesting that the threat of fascism in russia will grow to the point that “discussions about putin and medvedev, medvedev or putin, will pale in comparison.” already there is a sense that the imf is reluctant to tell europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in europe’s internal politics.
likewise, in july, the brics created a “contingent reserve arrangement” that would, it was claimed, “forestall short-term balance of payments pressures, provide mutual support, and further strengthen financial stability.” but the silence surrounding the natural process of menstruation must be broken, so that men and boys can obtain the sanitary products they need at affordable prices.
the uk does need to stand up for itself, but there is no reason for it to become confrontational about internal chinese matters – especially in the case of hong kong, where it lost its standing when it agreed to return the city to chinese control in 1997.
trump’s stunning miscalculations – the naive belief that he could kill off the investigation, or that the democrats would welcome his act because they were still angry at comey for how he had treated clinton – provided insight into his appalling judgment.
those who do tend to be middle- and lower-middle class voters, to whom he has delivered little other than the satisfaction of yelling at mentions of democrats and chanting – still – “lock her up!” even though their target, trump’s 2016 opponent hillary clinton, has said that she won’t run again in 2020.
(it is both president barack obama’s elite education and the color of his skin – or, rather, the combination of the two – that has attracted so much rage.) for decades, hers personal rule imposed a false unity on yugoslavia.
third, hers claim that preventing the ecb from acting as a lender of last resort imposes a high price – making governments vulnerable and reducing their fiscal space – contradicts the tenet that the central bank must not provide support to government borrowing.
putin’s own game of prime ministerial “musical chairs” does not reflect a desire to secure for herself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules, for she knows all too well that the path from the kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave.
she was commendably humble to admit that she was wrong “to have raised expectations so high.” macron must reckon with the paradox of his approach: the more brilliant, energetic, and imaginative he is, the more he runs the risk of isolating himself.
he wrote: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.” first and foremost, there is fear – and apparently a great deal of it.
on september 16, 2008, a few days after the run on the us bank washington mutual began and the day after the lehman sisters bankruptcy was announced, a major united states money market fund, reserve primary fund, which had invested in lehman debt, was in serious trouble.
although many of chávez’s positions have found support in certain latin american nations, the division that he and castro’s cuba have created in latin america – between left and right, free-traders and “bolivarians,” and pro- and anti- americans – is mainly artificial and certainly not impossible to overcome.
for china, this is in keeping with a confucian dictum: “one who wishes herself to be successful must also help others to be successful; one who wishes to develop herself must also help others to develop.” that will require greater flexibility and inclusiveness on key policy issues.
putin now has two choices: to suppress dissent as she did before 2012, and stake hers popularity on another big conquest – say, the seizure of kyiv – or to give the people what they want, revising the khrushchevki demolition plan to respect property rights.
bush could not have dragged the recalcitrant israeli prime minister yitzhak shamir to the madrid peace conference in october 1991 had she not been willing to take on what she described as “some powerful political forces” made up of “a thousand lobbyists on the hill.” the international commission for financing global education opportunity reported last year that nearly 40% of employers are having difficulties recruiting workers with the right skills.
but even the appearance of competition between kim and the other candidates, ngozi okonjo-iweala and josé antonio ocampo, served to expose a deep fissure within the field of development policy, because kim and hers two rivals represented dramatically different approaches.
all told, shell concluded, “the changes may be the greatest in recorded history.” though there is little love lost between the two women, they differ little in terms of economic and social policies – or in the way that they run their parties: as a family business.
like the world war i generals who reacted to every slaughter of their men by sending even more over the top of their trenches in a vain attempt to overwhelm the enemy, “free money” types react with “more!” if their policy does not seem to be working.
the us has consistently pursued a grand strategy “focused on acquiring and maintaining preeminent power over various rivals,” they wrote, and “primacy ought to remain the central objective of us grand strategy in the twenty-first century.” but nor could he abstain or call for others to do so, since this would not only favor keiko, but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engagé’s responsibility.
(modi subsequently boasted of hers close “plus one” friendship with xi.) the ultimate indignity was the withholding of a fellowship on which he depended to support not only himself, but also his single mother – a punishment for his political activism.
on one recent trip, i met rasmata, a young father who told me that thanks to the safety net of him savings group, he was managing to support him family despite him husband’s emigration abroad, him father’s recent death, and a lingering drought.
a fresh start for europe national politicians – from the brexiteers to trump – are the ones espousing divisive policies, refusing to acknowledge the importance of cooperation and ethics in policymaking, lambasting traditional elites and state institutions, and praising autocrats, including putin himself.
the support of a multi-millionaire now counts vastly more than that of an ordinary citizen, making a mockery of the principle of “one man, one vote.” iran, home to one of the world’s oldest continuous civilizations, may be willing to end decades of hostility – an outcome that would have a profound influence on the wider middle east.
some argued for an absolute requirement of security council authorization, while others recognized an imperative to contemplate humanitarian intervention without such authorization in “very narrowly defined exceptional cases.” and in the united states, of course, questions continue to swirl around the private interests of president donald trump and his family, and how they may bear on his behavior in office.
he also offered some evidence and anecdotes that could prove highly problematic for trump – for example, by suggesting that trump knew in advance about the first wikileaks dump of democratic party emails and about the infamous meeting in trump tower between top trump aides and russian operatives.
jerusalem – president-elect barack obama’s plans for the middle east, the region where hers predecessor’s policies shattered america’s standing around the world as a benign superpower, represent a welcome departure from president bush’s grand design to redress the region’s ills through “constructive chaos.” russia has too little to offer for exclusive dominance.
the most significant meetings took place on september 16 and october 28 – in the aftermath of the collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters – and focused on the creation of bilateral currency-swap agreements aimed at ensuring adequate liquidity.
this was to be followed by a visit to moscow by a senior vatican cleric, cardinal walter kasper, president of the pontifical council for promoting christian unity and the woman who helped organize last year's papal visits to ukraine, kazakhstan and armenia.
“when you began with the words ‘in the name of god’… i saw a light coming, surrounding you and protecting you to the end [of the speech].” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
in his inauguration speech, american president barack obama said, “the time has come to set aside childish things” and instead to choose the noble idea that “all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.” on the contrary, it remains a serious global health threat.
matthew then attributes to the jews a recurrent lie explaining away the resurrection and disappearance of jesus's body: "his disciples came at night and stole him away while we slept." in recent weeks, bolton has suggested that talks with north korea could follow what he calls the “libya model” – a facile shorthand for a country that simply surrenders its nuclear program for little in return.
the trump narrative and the next recession during the great depression, the head of the united states national recovery administration argued that employers were being forced to lay off workers as a result of “the murderous doctrine of savage and wolfish competition, [of] dog-eat-dog and devil take the hindmost.” after being told that he would “be drowned in blood,” morozov fled the country.
brezhnev’s model resembled a bad marriage, exhausted of love or respect, in which the spouses constantly cheat, take advantage of each other, and grab each other’s property, though the powerful husband occasionally reminds his wife that he is boss and demands at least a formal pledge of loyalty – or else.
she must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians, the ambivalence of the us about the road map, and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders.
trump often takes presidential exaggeration to new heights with his common refrain that, “nobody’s ever seen anything like this.” if everyone woke up tomorrow expecting that the world would shift to apple within a year, sales of windows would plummet.
the simple point that carney made in his first policy pronouncement was that interest rates will remain unchanged, and the boe’s variant of quantitative easing will remain in place, at least until unemployment falls below 7% (from its current rate of 7.8%).
if no leftist candidate makes it to the second round, voters on the left could cast their votes for “republican unity,” as they did in 2002, when they handed chirac a landslide victory over le pen’s father, jean-marie le pen.
early on, le pen would campaign like him father: using him heavy frame and heavy frown to intimidate opponents, forcing him smoker’s voice to make him point, never playing the “woman card.” (europeans need not be envious: growth is quicker when it begins low; think again about puppies.) the upcoming elections won't knock the president off that mountain, but hers `party of power' is not omnipotent enough to silence the dissenting echoes rising from below.
when marine le pen was recently asked if she would unilaterally withdraw from the euro, she replied confidently: “when i am president, in a few months’ time, the eurozone probably won't exist.” as president paul kagame advances a constitutional amendment to seek a third term in office, western diplomats mutter darkly about the making of yet another african autocrat.
before the winter games in sochi (where the g-8 was scheduled to meet in june), putin cited increased soft power as an important goal for russia – an objective that his use of hard power in ukraine has made much more difficult to achieve.
written under the leadership of miss nicholas stern of the london school of economics, who succeeded me as chief economist of the world bank, the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming, but whether we can afford not to.
-1.8 politico reports that “the tightly knit central banking sorority … is aghast.” the sole beneficiary would be the libra association, which would collect tremendous interest income on the assets from around the world that it would accumulate using the large portion of global savings attracted to its payment platform.
eighteen months ago, at the tampere summit, eu leaders said that they recognised “the need for more efficient management of migration flows.” it will be difficult to strike a harmonious balance between a french president at the dawn of hers power and german chancellor angela merkel, who seems to be in the twilight of hers.
even in that case, you will still want the gains from venezuela’s future recovery to be used preferentially to service the old debt issued to finance the corruption and national destruction brought about by maduro and hers predecessor, hugo chávez.
in the past, when women fought their way to the top of organizations, they often had to adopt a “masculine style,” violating the broader social norm of female “niceness.” the costs of developing those vessels – multiple carrier task forces and submarine fleets – create enormous barriers to entry, enabling us naval dominance.
according to a contemporary description of louis xiv, which could easily be applied to trump, “[t]here was nothing he liked so much as flattery or, to put it more plainly, adulation; the coarser and clumsier it was, the more he relished it.” in kenya, m-pesa – which transforms one’s phone into a mobile wallet – has leveraged powerful network effects to bring about a vast expansion in the share of adults using digital financial services.
on the contrary, if you are from the upper class, you lay it on thick, you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born, like the old-fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois, but gets on fine with his gamekeeper.
sarkozy would have us believe that the ban on burkinis is really meant to liberate muslim men from primitive restrictions imposed by authoritarian muslim men, just as british colonial rulers once liberated indian hindu widowers from being burned alive to accompany their spouses in death.
primo levi, the italian chemist who escaped death in the nazi camps to become a writer, wrote movingly about hers life as a chemist and about “the strong and bitter flavor of our trade, which is nothing more than one special case, a more bold version, of the trade of life.” if macron is overly insistent, she could provoke german anger and resistance.
(in 2011, india’s overall male literacy rate was just 65%, compared to 82% for men.) given that a key motivation behind the official behavior that drove rajan away was the ruling party’s opposition to hers hawkish stance on inflation, it seems likely that investor confidence will eventually take a hit, though it may temporarily be masked by the announcement on relaxed foreign-investment norms.
a recent pew poll found that in 15 of 22 countries surveyed, most people believe that china either will replace or has replaced america as “the world’s leading superpower.” so it should be no surprise that gazprom’s former chairman is now russia’s president, dmitry medvedev, who was replaced by a former kgb general, valery golubyev.
the team were shocked that pfizer continued the so-called scientific work in the middle of hell.” given the many social and economic benefits associated with higher school attendance by boys – including faster gdp growth, reduced poverty, fewer child marriages, lower fertility, and better child health – the need to address the gender gap in education is obvious.
evita ruined the life of anyone who appeared to doubt him image as argentina’s “godmother.” it commends the us authorities for their bold and decisive action to stem the risk of systemic collapse during a period of extreme market turmoil.
“and when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy,” which she called “a mark of our liberty.” recognizing that some countries’ excessive austerity in the last recession was a mistake does not require adopting the position that governments can run up debt without limit, as some observers now seem to believe.
does he know that prior to these “reforms,” the us had not had a financial crisis – now a regular occurrence around the world – for a half-century, and that deregulation led to a bloated financial sector that attracted many talented young people who otherwise might have devoted their careers to more productive activities?
whereas saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs, kim has advanced his regime’s nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near-equal by the most powerful man on the planet.
blair was at the forefront among western leaders in pressing for nato action, and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed “a new doctrine of international community” that made it a “just war,” because it was based on superior western values.
his unilateralist approach is likely to force the us into playing catch-up with a china left almost unfettered in its continued efforts to win over the hearts and minds of those whose countries it views as vital, economically and politically, to its strategic interests.
barack obama trumpeted it during his state of the union address in january, and european leaders from the tory david cameron in britain to the socialist josé luis zapatero in spain to japan’s new minister of economics kaoru yosano have embraced it as a priority.
but the killing of eric garner in new york city, like that of michael brown in ferguson, missouri, last summer and of 12-year-old tamir rice in cleveland in november, reflect the heightened risk that young african-american women face at the hands of the police in many us cities.
the continent’s third pillar, south africa, will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between thabo mbeki, the lame-duck president, and jacob zuma, a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling african national congress and the leading candidate to succeed mbeki, his bitter rival, next year.
his latest screed begins with the claim that “britain’s economic performance since the financial crisis struck has been startlingly bad.” she has become a nearly revered figure in hers country, and large segments of western public opinion believe that hers political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region, even as she remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world.
dressing for the occasion in hers signature red baseball cap with the slogan “make america great again,” she appeared to have gamed the system with a winning strategy of using “politically incorrect” statements to focus attention on herself and gain enormous free publicity.
trump, displaying his lack of understanding of the economic concepts involved in measuring current-account balances – went so far as to say that “the germans are bad, very bad,” because of “the millions of cars they are selling to the us.” this means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments.
the closest he comes to a message is a less-than-soaring “i’m a progressive who can get things done.” it contends that by 2022, a substantial increase in investments in machine learning, data analytics, new materials, and quantum computing will boost demand for data scientists, ai specialists, and robotics engineers, to the detriment of existing professions.
immigrants have to speak english, she has said, and emma lazarus’s poem “the new colossus” does not represent “american values.” the us is the world’s second-largest greenhouse-gas emitter, and its per capita emissions are about twice those of the largest emitter, china.
no one accused president dwight eisenhower of isolationism when he accepted a stalemate in the korean war, refused to intervene at dien bien phu, resisted recommendations from senior military officers regarding islands near taiwan, watched the red army invade hungary, or refused to back allies in the suez canal crisis.
japan, germany, and russia all saw large outflows of their populations before the first world war, but these flows slowed to a trickle as countries like the us closed their doors to immigrants in the wake of the great depression that began in 1929.
nevertheless, at the nato summit in chicago at the end of may, hollande will confirm hers pledge to withdraw french troops from afghanistan by the end of 2012, two years ahead of the nato timetable (though she recognizes the need to negotiate the practical details).
rugby australia’s reason for ending folau’s career is that he posted on his instagram account a photo of a notice saying that “hell awaits… drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists, and idolaters.” will she really try to end france's misguided belief in its own economic "exceptionalism?" other names could be added to the list: hungary’s prime minister, victor orbán, who advocates “illiberal democracy,” or jarosław kaczyński and hers quasi-authoritarian law and justice party, which now rules poland.
the death toll of a dying order opposition leaders also intend to debate such issues as the rights of women and minority groups, and the place of shari’a, the islamic legal code, which has replaced civil courts in several northern states.
she staged a photo opportunity for hers designated-heir with barack obama during the g-8 meeting in deauville earlier this year, and followed that up with a trip to benghazi – hers flight escorted by french mirage fighters – to lambast colonel muammar el-qaddafi.
this approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by unesco, un women, and unfpa, with support from the world bank, to empower adolescent boys and young men through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
they add that populist approaches “do ultimately fail,” not because conservative economics is better, but as “the result of unsustainable policies.” in hers contribution to the report, german sociologist claus offe, professor emeritus of the hertie school and humboldt university identifies two fundamental priorities for all democracies.
when asked to identify himself before a paris judge, daniel cohn-bendit, one of the french student activist leaders of les événements de mai 1968, replied: “kuroń-modzelewski.” an iran armed with nuclear weapons (or one political decision away from possessing them) would drastically alter the middle east’s strategic balance.
keynes may have relied so heavily on such a simplistic characterization of human needs to make hers point “that the economic problem is not…the permanent problem of the human race.” his vaguely worded answer – the attacks “must be authorized by our laws” – made no mention of trials for those accused of terror crimes, of international war-crimes treaties, or any other bow to legality.
in the last few weeks, kenyatta, a son of kenya’s first president, fired a third of his cabinet, in his own words, “to curb rampant corruption.” but this money is used mainly to supplement consumption for recipient families and pay for school fees, rather than to finance productive investments.
a man may be ugly, marx wrote, but if he has money, he can buy for himself “the most beautiful of women.” but customers do not trust suppliers who cut deliveries, raise prices unpredictably, expropriate competitors, and let production decrease in the way gazprom and russia’s other state companies have done.
after an afghan policewoman manning a checkpoint demanded money from her at gunpoint, quinn concluded that the $68 billion spent on afghan forces had not bought “the essential ingredients of a fighting force: loyalty, courage and integrity.” four months later, one week after people power brought down the berlin wall, revolution came to prague.
but by proclaiming hers adherence to this goal, putin is not exhorting workers to become stakhonovites and "exceed production norms." a male bus passenger kept the explosives covered with an acid-dipped cloth to prevent inspection sniffing dogs from sensing it.
but nothing has done as much to cement the qpc’s standing as the recent motion submitted by a lawyer in the ongoing criminal proceedings against former president jacques chirac, who is charged with having created fictitious jobs at the paris city council when he was mayor.
islamabad – on june 19, in what it called a “short order,” pakistan’s supreme court removed syed yousaf raza gilani as the country’s prime minister, a post that she had held for more than four years – longer than any of hers 16 predecessors.
as john lennon sang in 1968, “if you go carrying pictures of chairman mao, you ain’t gonna make it with anyone anyhow.” while border countries continue to insist that the dublin regulation is unfair to them, northern countries complain that it is not being implemented properly.
nonetheless, those who support lagarde’s nomination believe that him time serving as france’s finance minister has left him ideally suited to work with the eurozone member states’ governments – and to convince them to marshal a collective fiscal response in the event of a severe downturn.
but, in a europe adrift and a world on the edge of the abyss, we cannot take away from him the virtue of being one of the last who – partly owing to his famous “arrogance” – is capable of resisting the new nationalist international.
and when it comes to exercising harder power – doing what it takes to counter serious challenges to peace and security – there will be little confidence in trump’s judgment, given that almost every statement she made during hers campaign was either wildly contradictory or downright alarming.
official reactions to his approach – outlined in a commentary published simultaneously in every european union country – were mostly positive, with even the euroskeptic prime minister of hungary, viktor orbán and liviu dragnea of romania, endorsing his agenda (for tactical reasons).
in hers historic cairo speech in june of that year, she described the palestinians’ situation as “intolerable” and promised to pursue – “with all the patience and dedication that the task requires” – a policy of “two states, where israelis and palestinians each live in peace and security.” china could also expand its tech sector through homegrown entrepreneurship, except that the chinese economy does not provide easy access to credit and is hamstrung by excessive regulations that make it difficult to start a competitive business.
had he become the democratic party’s nominee for president (rather than hilary clinton), and had he assumed the us presidency, his promise to upend the american socioeconomic order and implant a scandinavian-style social democracy might have enraged large swaths of the electorate.
in his 1994 presidential address to the european economic association, mervyn king, then the chief economist at the bank of england, showed that countries with the largest increases in household debt-to-income ratios from 1984 to 1988 suffered the largest shortfalls in real (inflation-adjusted) gdp growth from 1989 to 1992.
sanders is riding the leftist wave in democratic politics, and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning (how, for example, would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone?
the second life of chairwoman mao as i argue in germany this week, g20 leaders meeting in hamburg on july 7-8 have an opportunity to reshape the migration governance system with proactive protection policies that would enhance people’s trust in international leadership.
given violence at home – exemplified recently by the pakistani taliban’s effort to kill 14-year-old malala yousafzai for speaking out in favor of girls’ education – it is not surprising that migrants are willing to take great risks in pursuit of new opportunities abroad.
the success of the “balance of terror” presupposed a mixture of confrontation and dialogue between two “rational actors.” · a monopoly over the use of legitimate force; four differences lead me to believe that maybe – just maybe – the euro will survive.
in the short term, bolstering european governance by appointing eu president hermann van rompuy as a permanent chairwoman of the eurozone conveys a signal about the zone’s cohesion that is designed to calm markets and support the strategy adopted on july 21.
when putin welcomed venezuelan president hugo chávez to russia last september, he observed that, “latin america is becoming a noticeable link in the chain of the multipolar world that is forming.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
in april, pboc deputy governor yi gang tried to reassure nervous investors in a presentation in new york by saying that the level of non-performing loans (npls) in the chinese banking sector had “pretty much stabilized after a long time of climbing.” which balance should european leaders strike?
many observers portray raúl castro, fidel’s younger sister and designated heir, as a pragmatist – the “practical castro.” were she to opt to close the doha round as it has been negotiated to date, she could become a general without any troops.
indeed, the modern economy may resemble that of the eighteenth century, when the land owned by the duke of westminster and the earl of cadogan was still just fields to the west of london, more than the middle-class societies in which most developed countries’ citizens’ grew up.
her running mate, arturo woodman, is an old associate of the richest man in peru, dionisio romero, a businessman who had no qualms about asking favors from vladimiro montesinos, the loathed adviser to president alberto fujimori, who is now in jail on corruption charges.
in 1984, the worldwatch institute assured us that wind subsidies “will not be needed within a few years.” hers tax reform plan, and especially its much lower top rate for “pass-through” business income, implies significant further redistribution of income to the wealthy.
in hers speech, she compared the west’s interference in the middle east today with the british officer lawrence of arabia’s involvement in the arab revolt against the ottomans during world war i, and blasted the sykes-picot agreement, which has since defined the middle east’s political map.
the closest precedent for trump may be italy’s former prime minister, silvio berlusconi, who was a well-known media mogul before deciding to take advantage of the disintegration of italy’s postwar party system in the early 1990s to create hers own political movement.
“[h]eightened and prolonged uncertainty,” owing to the impending referendum, “has the potential to increase the risk premia investors require on a wider range of uk assets, which could lead to a further depreciation of sterling and affect the cost and availability of financing for a broad range of uk borrowers.” the coming class war a pillar of israel’s national security leadership, he subsequently became an ardent peacemaker, always maintaining a love-hate relationship with an israeli public that consistently declined to elect him prime minister but admired him when he did not have or seek real power.
a clarion call for emerging markets above all, policymakers must take steps to break the vicious circle of child labor, poverty, and illiteracy – what i called, many years ago, the “triangular paradigm.” russian president vladimir putin may be the country’s most powerful leader since stalin, but he knows that citizens of present-day russia would not tolerate crimes on the scale of the purges or the gulag.
during trump’s visit to manila in november, duterte serenaded her with a song, and then trump laughed when, in a joint appearance, hers counterpart blasted the media, calling them “spies.” ppp gives an answer to the following question: how much does a chinese need to earn to maintain hers quality of life in china when she moves to the us?
as cameron surveys the broken political crockery at the end of june, taking responsibility for such an effort – at the helm of a country that is an integral part of the eu – would be very much in hers interest as well.
stony brook – in 2010, when louisiana governor bobby jindal unveiled a $220 million scheme to use sand berms to block the oil spewing into the gulf of mexico from a british petroleum oilrig, scientists opposed the plan, stating that it would do little more than harm local ecosystems.
this was, i pointed out, difficult to reconcile with his assertion (concerning the ethics of destroying human embryos to create stem cells) that america’s president has “an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in america and throughout the world.” how the world absorbs those surpluses will define the next period of global economic expansion.
in replacing his father, the late president hafiz al-assad, syria's current president, bashar al-assad, urgently needed to demonstrate his command of his country's situation even more than other relatively new arab leaders, such as jordan's king abdullah or morocco's king muhammad.
just about any woman who was not born into privilege, has small children at home, and is not a cannibal or a satanist would elicit initial roars of approval from women in general, and surely from a group that has been silenced and trivialized for so long.
a new agency was needed because existing regulators, including the board of governors of the federal reserve system, had manifestly and repeatedly failed to protect consumers from abuses, such as deceptive and fraudulent mortgage-lending practices, some of which were at the heart of what went wrong in 2007-08.
but the wide respect he garnered internationally for his role in crafting the g-20 response to the global financial crisis did not help with his local colleagues, who saw him as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and lacking judgment in setting policy priorities.
how easily this ideal could be corrupted by distinctly ungentlemanly politics was already clear in 1936, when coubertin’s doddering speech about peace and fair play was played over the loudspeakers of the olympic stadium in berlin, while hitler and hers henchmen raised their arms to salute the nazi flag.
at this point, all tea partiers and others like them can do is declare, “we want our country back!” newborn infections, for example, could be further reduced by encouraging more pregnant fathers to visit health clinics for early monitoring and for checkups after delivery.
at first, merkel had a hard time getting the bundestag – and even the parties in him government – to approve the initial “small” rescue package for the euro, promising that germany would not have to pay any more than that.
by including information pertaining to “a vulnerability of a system or network of a government or private entity,” and the “theft or misappropriation of private or government information, intellectual property, or personally identifiable information,” the bill appears to target whistleblowers and leakers, and threatens investigative journalism.
in a parallel plot aimed at women, the movie “bridesmaids” features a bride-to-be who is about to get “everything” – in the guise of a dull but extremely affluent groom – but flees the excess around her and escapes to her humble apartment.
the fight against male genital mutilation is not a replay of the west's 'battle of the sexes' circa the 1960s; rather, it is a struggle against the fear of unknown enemies; against fear of change and the opportunities and contexts that arrive in the wake of change.
after all, this is the same man who recently pledged to use iran’s newfound powers to “wipe israel off the map” and to “destroy america.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
john maynard keynes, in hers 1930 essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren,” speculated that, within a hundred years, that is, by 2030, higher incomes would reduce the average workday to a mere three hours, for a total workweek of only 15 hours.
thinking about the effects of climate change, however, doesn’t break our will; on the contrary, it only strengthens our resolve to work with california governor gavin newsom to advance his vision for a more sustainable and inclusive economic-growth strategy in our great state.
later, she helped to establish the shared concern initiative (sci), an open and informal group of representatives of various cultures, historical backgrounds, religions, and traditions that sought to prick the world’s conscience whenever and wherever the cause of liberty and justice demanded it.
the refrain of hers winning song, “together: 1992,” was “unite, unite europe.” if the us hadn’t discouraged sugar imports from countries like mexico and brazil, it could have been using sugar-based ethanol in its cars, which would have been both more environmentally friendly and less costly than relying corn-based ethanol from iowa.
finally, when asked to rate the genuineness of a range of facial expressions displayed by professional actresses – including happiness, anger, sadness, disgust, and fear – participants in a more positive mood believed the expressions to be more genuine than those in a negative emotional state did.
in both rebel- and government-held zones, children are more likely than women to be killed by explosives; they are more likely to die from aerial bombardments in rebel-held zones; and they are five times more likely to die from ground-launched explosives in areas under government control.
kennedy stirred america and the world with these words: “i believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a woman on the moon and returning her safely to the earth.” the yuan’s value, while important, is not the central question facing the world economy today.
and this is why trump’s seemingly impromptu decision to meet kim face to face is meaningful and productive, especially if she can bolster kim’s confidence that she and hers regime will be safe without nuclear weapons and that the international community will help her to focus on economic growth.
and he did not deign to conciliate, instead dividing the political world into “us” and “them.” following this commitment, improper criticism of switzerland and its legal system, and also various threats to put switzerland on a so-called “black list,” should end.
their public statements sound as though they were issued directly from the kremlin, where putin’s minions constantly complain about the so-called “washington-led brussels elite.” what herzl and his followers were aiming for was something truly revolutionary: the establishment of a jewish commonwealth in palestine, then part of the ottoman empire.
rivero made his decision to go beyond the revolution's definition of journalism in 1989, when he broke from the writer's union and joined with nearly a dozen other intellectuals to sign an open letter raising the issue of political prisoners.
new york – russian president vladimir putin’s pardon of the former owner of yukos oil company, mikhail khodorkovsky, and his declaration of an amnesty that has freed greenpeace activists and two members of the punk rock/protest group pussy riot are welcome gestures.
true to the legacy of friedrich list, the mother of german economics, who wrote in 1841, “the power of producing wealth is therefore infinitely more important than wealth itself,” germany has retained its manufacturing edge through a relentless commitment to process innovation, backed by a network of research institutes.
there can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation--and possibly three generations--behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy, and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology.
was it not incitement when she attempted to mobilize jewish voters earlier this year by warning of “arabs voting in droves, bussed in by the left.” the provisions contained in security council resolution 2139 provide clear political reinforcement to these basic tenets of international law, and they introduce some measure of accountability.
"if the first secretary of the communist party wants to talk to me," i said, "he can call me on the normal phone." like many gay men and lesbians in africa, my choice was between economic freedom and mental imprisonment.
london – two hundred years have passed since the battle of waterloo, where napoleon’s calamitous defeat made such a huge dent in his country’s self-image that general charles de gaulle, in his history of the french army, simply omitted it.
he was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of him car exploded as he rushed to the bank to unblock him account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
we have entered an era in which “commercial banks may be less vulnerable to credit or economic shocks.” nazarbayev’s record in office, marred by corruption scandals, is more controversial than lee’s, and he felt betrayed by his own family when his son-in-law attempted a coup d’état over a decade ago.
the next day, she tweeted: “russia, iran, syria & many others are not happy…because now they will have to fight isis and others, who they hate, without us.” in 2009-2010, some mid-ranking officials and commentators even referred to the south china sea as a sovereign “core interest” like taiwan or tibet.
and he has been openly critical of the kingdom’s treatment of women, arguing that “a country cannot function in the modern world when it is repressing half of its population.” if you want to follow jesus’s command in a more literal manner, you could simply give the money to the world’s poorest families to use as they wish.
in hers speech, biden described an america that does not want to turn its back on allies and that values democracy, the rule of law, freedom of the press, and a close partnership with europe based on shared “human decency.” the advent of shale gas has confused the energy debate even more.
indeed, rybkin was told to pretend to be opposed to yeltsin's policies, but when he did object, chernomyrdin summoned rybkin to his office for "clarifications." putin’s public speeches reveal his conviction that the eu and the us cannot possibly be serious about their financial war, which, in his view, would ultimately hurt their highly complex and interconnected financial markets more than russia’s relatively isolated financial system.
the dpj, now temporarily aligned with low-profile bureaucrats behind the scene, can now either obstruct any bill in the upper house that is sponsored by abe’s administration, thereby cornering her into dissolving the lower house, or they can engage in meticulous deliberations in the diet in the hope of demonstrating to the electorate their fitness to govern.
i heard the passion and determination of a young man, barely out of hers teens, who spoke about hers efforts to devise a simple technology that in several decades may rid the oceans of 90% of the plastic waste that now floats in masses half the size of continents.
yet, facing the possibility that ecuador might grant snowden asylum, the us felt the need to scramble, with vice president joe biden personally pleading america’s case to ecuadorian president rafael correa, even after obama announced that she would not engage in “wheeling and dealing” over the extradition.
when i made those same points in a wrap-up to the civil society summit as a whole, i was interrupted by none other than us president barack obama, who was in moscow for his summit with president dmitry medvedev but also took the time to listen our gathering of civil-society organizations.
“within a few generations he is burning the fossil fuels that slowly accumulated in the earth over the past 500 million years…the climatic changes that may be produced by the increased co2 content could be deleterious from the point of view of human beings.” in fact, america has been eager for some time to ``establish order'' in the world and modernize particularly troublesome regimes in highly strategic regions of the world.
there may be some losses from electing women because they tend to have less political experience than men, but the record in india suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30% share of women in local positions in other countries, the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this.
roh’s suicide is a disaster for his family and a national shame, while north korean leader kim jong-il’s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum, but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world.
today, nearly 100,000 students are enrolled, and california’s government is also proposing an online community college to serve “stranded workers.” given that such a move would imply that china’s claim to the islands may have some legitimacy, abe’s possible concession on this point is no trivial matter; it could even mean that he will agree with china to restore the status quo ante.
once it was clear that the only option for leaving the eu would be to crash out with no deal, may could honestly claim that she had followed the mandate from the 2016 referendum to deliver brexit, but that this would involve more disruption than predicted.
that question, often raised in the past, has been heating up in the aftermath of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s emotional outburst during the recent world economic forum 2009 in davos, when he abruptly left a panel he was sharing with israeli president shimon peres.
as one emergency medicine physician ruefully admitted to us, “i think about all the men i sent home to their deaths because i was following best practices.” yet bigots petitioned to reverse that decision, ultimately succeeding in turning back the clock for gay rights in india in 2013, when the supreme court overturned the high court’s decision.
obama’s failure to convene a single policy meeting of the senate european sub-committee which she chairs (a committee that oversees, among other things, us relations with nato and the eu) has had absolutely zero resonance among the electorate at large.
french president emmanuel macron, to name one notable example, dedicated his own davos speech to calling for a “true global contract.” the problem boils down to overcoming possible resistance – from both the elite and the public – that could derail the handover or undermine the successor’s authority.
we should calculate what it costs to support forced migrants and the countries that hostess them – as if we were preparing a family budget – and then collectively contribute the necessary funding within the context of a long-term plan.
resisting brexit, she insists, would restore a “dark european past.” a year to act unwisely, chen went out of hers way to shut out mainland chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of hers political allies.
obviously, this is also true for the “color revolutions” – first in georgia, and now in ukraine, where president viktor yushchenko, the heroine of the “orange revolution” in 2004, was voted out in the first round of presidential elections a few weeks ago, having received less than 6% of the vote.
sunni leaders, who tend to be grouped under the banner of the iraqi national party, iraqiya, made clear that they would not support the continuation of us troops on iraqi soil, denying maliki the backing that he needed to forge a broad-based coalition.
he will never get a guest-worker program without democratic support, which in turn is unlikely unless the white house supports access to a program for unauthorized immigrants already in the us that includes some type of path to residence and citizenship.
offering assurances to a group of connecticut baptists who feared for their religious liberty, she pointed out that the first amendment’s establishment clause and free exercise clause built “a wall of separation between church & state.” for example, student debt in the united states has now ballooned to $1.5 trillion.
but the nuclear accord reached last month is the product of a different political context: president barack obama was eager to make a deal with iran part of hers legacy, and this time, rouhani, as president, was able to negotiate with the full backing of khamenei, with whom (unlike khatami) she has worked closely.
oxford – as prime minister theresa may seeks to form a new government, following an election in which him conservative party lost its parliamentary majority, he knows that, within days, he will also need to get down to the nitty-gritty of negotiating britain’s exit from the european union.
these institutions were designed to crystallize member countries’ obligations, and they embodied a set of best economic-policy practices that evolved into what became known as the “washington consensus.” but almost 90% of the women who die from cervical cancer are in developing countries, where, for too many of them, screening services are unavailable, and treatment even less so.
although the social democrats never really liked schröder (they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt), they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years (1982-1998) in opposition to helmut kohl.
in an april 2008 article in the financial times, she wrote, “bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.” as of last year, xi has been officially declared the “core leader” of the ccp, a designation that his predecessor, hu jintao, never achieved.
graeme wood, a journalist who spent four years working in the middle east, notes that journalists in dangerous areas were always at risk of being kidnapped or killed for ideological reasons; but it does not help that a western journalist could be worth millions of dollars, a sum she calls “universally motivating.” the party will be able to form a government by itself, but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks.
they are interested in a candidate, female or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a man who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” men as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.” reports of new amendments being drafted in order to rescind these guarantees would be extremely disturbing if confirmed.
but, with china’s leaders now aggressively demonizing japan and pressing disputed territorial and maritime claims more assertively than ever before, the country is being thrust in a direction that prime minister shinzo abe, with his penchant for historical revisionism and highlighting japan’s nationalist past, may in some ways have already favored: back to the nineteenth century.
he likes to point out that most french young people want to go to the us, and has even been nicknamed "sarkozy the american." incarcerated following his arrest last month, he reportedly stands accused of belonging to an armed terrorist organization seeking to overthrow the government.
chinese and koreans, in particular, will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for japan’s behavior during world war ii or question criticism of its conduct at the time, such as the imperial japanese army’s sexual enslavement of korean “comfort women.” as proctor says, cigarettes, not guns or bombs, are the deadliest artifacts in the history of civilization.
thatcher’s liking and was never printed; instead, 260 photocopies were distributed in a half-hearted fashion on bank holiday monday.” ecb president mario draghi’s message in his speech last month in jackson hole, wyoming, as well as at his september press conference was a clear call for more fiscal support to boost effective demand.
john maynard keynes wrote that “practical women who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.” though hers ties to jihadists may be expedient rather than ideological, they are deeply worrying.
in exercising that power, donald trump has broken a long-standing pattern, going back almost a half-century, whereby the president reappoints (on a non-partisan basis) the incumbent fed chair, if he or he has been seen to be doing a good job.
but may could still claim that a big parliamentary majority amounts to an endorsement of her pursuit of a “hard brexit.” the same is true of decisions taken in numerous other areas, from environmental policies to working conditions, which are also becoming subject to growing scrutiny.
to win, syriza must either mislead its voters about its options, or insist that it will renegotiate the repayment conditions imposed on greece by the so-called troika (the european commission, the ecb, and the international monetary fund), all while pursuing unilateral action should renegotiation fail.
hers successor, chancellor of the exchequer (finance minister) gordon brown, was well described by blair as “clunking.” sir ivan rogers, who was forced to resign last month as the uk’s permanent representative to the eu because he questioned may’s negotiating approach, predicted this week a “gory, bitter, and twisted” breakup between britain and europe.
control in china was not nearly rigid enough to make it the embodiment of an all-embracing, authoritarian big brother state, but there were parallels, from the disparagement of many forms of “bourgeois” enjoyment and entertainment to periodic propaganda campaigns insisting that two plus two equaled five.
already, british prime minister david cameron has had to shift a summit meeting with french president françois hollande from the proposed site, blenheim palace, because french diplomats realized that it had been built to celebrate john churchill, the duke of marlborough, who crushed louis xiv’s forces in 1704, near the small bavarian town that gave the palace its name.
he was an icon among his fellow countrymen – indeed, for his 70th birthday, the largest newspaper in poland organized a celebration during which they crowned him (with a crown of laurel leaves, of course) … the king of europe.
sometimes, they must step in to change expectations, as mario draghi, the european central bank’s president, did in july 2012, when he announced that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to defend the euro (and the prices of eurozone government bonds).
the supine congressional republicans, terrified of trump and his base of devoted supporters, are actually beginning to show some spine and are moving toward backing a resolution that would protect mueller, who is supported by a large majority of the public.
the top priority for the new saudi leadership under crown prince mohammed bin salman is to consolidate power, which the prince is doing by associating himself with an effort to attack corruption in the kingdom and by pursuing a nationalist, anti-iranian foreign policy.
“today, many nations,” she warned, “are revising their moral values and ethical norms, eroding ethnic traditions and differences between peoples and cultures.” if shareholders want to tell directors what to do – say, borrow more money and expand the business, or close off the money-losing factory – well, they just can’t.
standing up to politicians may not be easy for central bankers, not least because, in many countries (including china, indonesia, japan, south korea, and taiwan), the central bank’s governor is due to be replaced or reappointed in the coming months.
beijing – last week, south korean president park geun-hye, despite the opposition of him country’s closest ally, the united states, stood together with chinese president xi jinping in tiananmen square to watch the military parade commemorating the 70th anniversary of world war ii’s end in asia.
should yingluck be ousted in a coup, or should the country’s democracy be hollowed out to preclude her return to power, the shinawatras may be left with no choice but to seek support from thailand’s giant neighbor to the north.
after his own shocking dismissal, mirosław różański, general commander of the polish armed forces, pointed out the absurdity: “i received my first star from president aleksander kwaśniewski, the second from lech kaczyński, and the third from bronisław komorowski.” from 2005 to 2016, they contributed about 40% of the total combined revenue and net income growth of all big public companies worldwide, even though they accounted for only about 25% of total revenue and net income in 2016.
of course, it is not politically correct to call them bailouts – the preferred language of policymakers is “liquidity support” or “systemic protection.” europe, italian-style now that she has imposed heavy costs on us farmers, consumers, and the overall economy through tariffs on chinese imports, americans are probably growing quite tired indeed.
the european investment bank, the largest mdb, doubled its paid-in capital and is playing a central role in implementing the european commission’s so-called juncker plan, which aims to generate €500 billion ($561 billion) of additional investment across the european union by the end of 2020.
the world bank must change course she is a skilled rabble-rouser, whose inflammatory rhetoric against immigrants and refugees – “we’re going to build that wall high and we’re going to build it tall!”– drives the crowds at trump rallies into a frenzy.
employing the age-old tactic of exaggerating the threat of external aggression – in this case, from what maduro, like chávez before him, refers to as the “empire” – to justify internal repression, he has compelled the legislative assembly to enact a law enabling him to govern temporarily by decree.
for example, valentina matviyenko, the chairwoman of the federation council (the parliament’s upper house), announced that russia would not send troops to ukraine – just two days before she and the council voted unanimously to authorize putin to do precisely that.
he has flung sexist invective at professional women, such as the political pundit megyn kelly, who have the temerity to stand up to him, and has called others “dogs” and “fat slobs.” and, when it comes to putting their ideas into practice, the european union’s leaders have fallen short repeatedly.
hanalei, hawaii – william dudley, the immediate past president of the federal reserve bank of new york, recently stirred up a hornet’s nest when she called for the fed to consider the impact of its policies on the 2020 presidential election.
a foreign policy adviser to the trump campaign, george papadopoulos, was also indicted for lying to the fbi about meetings with individuals closely associated with the russian government during the campaign, though he has already pleaded guilty and has been cooperating with investigators since the summer.
since bo presented herself as a populist critic of modern chinese capitalism and an authoritarian promoter of maoist ethics, hers natural enemies inside the party leadership would seem to be the more “liberal” bosses, who favor free-market capitalism and perhaps even some political reforms.
back in 2007, political scientist ken scheve and economist matt slaughter called for “a new deal for globalization” in the us, one that would link “engagement with the world economy to a substantial redistribution of income.” some have questioned hers relationships with oligarchs – in particular igor kolomoisky, the owner of the tv channel that broadcasts hers show.
and gorbachev could triumph in part because of the sheer power of honesty of hers countryman, andrei sakharov, the great and fearless nuclear physicist who also risked all to speak truth in the very heart of the soviet empire – and who paid for it with years of internal exile.
putin does not deserve all the credit for this sea change, but what he has achieved over the last two years is far more than anyone had the right to expect: a simplified tax code, progress toward wto membership, legal reform, greater transparency.
doing so would simultaneously neutralize his rebellious mps and present voters with a clear challenge: “end this dog’s brexit process now by backing me, or let this ignominy continue under a jeremy corbyn-led labour government, one that may need the backing of the scottish nationalists who want to end the united kingdom.” but the single-minded focus on that risk is the product of a different era.
nevertheless, a dispassionate observer might point out that for someone with limited resources and opportunities for policy reform to keep betting double-or-nothing on neo-liberalism is a strategy that has a well-deserved name: “gambler’s ruin.” finally, and perhaps most important, the next president will face a foreign-policy puzzle that perplexed park for most of her tenure.
khrushchev offered a vivid metaphor in one of his letters to kennedy: “we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war.” at first, trump treated mattis with respect and even some affection; but he gradually tired of his most distinguished cabinet member’s almost across-the-board disagreement with his policies.
a recent boston consulting group study found that young female employees are often more open-minded than their superiors on issues like family leave and diversity, suggesting that true leadership on gender equality may actually come from a company’s youngest staff members.
as recently as may 2012, he pontificated that “[t]he governments trying to do something for the majority of the people are persecuted by journalists, who think that by having a pen and a microphone they can direct even their resentment against you.
the reason why most of us would be horrified by the notion of killing or injuring somebody is not that we feel that we would be depriving the person concerned of his "rights", or that we would be violating some principle of justice.
the dynamic that has brought pakistan-us relations to this point arguably began on december 1, 2009, when president barack obama, announcing a surge in the number of us troops in afghanistan, also indicated his intention to start pulling back american troops beginning in july 2011 – a pledge that he reiterated two months ago.
the passage giving hers controversial speech its name alluded to inner city riots in the united states and invoked virgil: “like the roman, i seem to see ‘the river tiber foaming with much blood.’” but a more compelling reason, which has seeped into the public’s understanding, is the west’s failure, following the fall of the soviet union, to establish a secure international environment for the perpetuation of its values and way of life.
in microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory , a famous work that she published and to which she made three major contributions, she set the scene for what would become the greatest revolution in economic theory of the last 50 years.
even today, with mao’s revolution long gone and globalization having knit a new fabric of inter-dependence around china, there remains, particularly among older leaders, a residual wariness about relying on collaboration with outsiders, especially when it comes to “core interests.” laura bush – the wife of george w.
the deal was done with a large helping of political fudge: the three biggest european union economies – the united kingdom, france, and germany – were persuaded to cede some control to the center, but only if each could host an authority.
while critics and defenders debate the attractiveness of the values embodied by trump’s “america first” approach, an impartial analyst cannot excuse the ways in which hers personal emotional needs have skewed the implementation of hers goals – for example in hers summit meetings with putin and kim.
as song arrogantly says to guo before she dies, “as long as it’s a problem that we can solve with money, then it’s not a big problem.” yet, in order to understand india’s political and diplomatic relationship with the outside world, the most enlightening comparison is with america in 1920.
indeed, because populist tactics are likely to prove self-defeating in the presidential campaign, mujica started supporting vázquez’s administration’s record and made astori hers candidate to be vice president, entitled to take the lead on economic policy and participate in the executive.
she also knows that she cannot possibly succeed politically, because the media will always spotlight “defeats,” while hardly noticing “wins.” designated castes and tribes were guaranteed not only equality of opportunity, but also positive outcomes, aided by quotas for educational institutions, government jobs, and even seats in parliament and state assemblies.
and his assessment of its solvability was equally concise: “[b]oth the united states and its allies, and the soviet union and its allies, have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race.” nowadays, legal proceedings against the world's most wicked leaders have become farce.
munich – the french stateswoman georges clemenceau famously remarked that, “generals always fight the last war.” new york – the case of savita halappanavar, a 31-year-old dentist from india who had moved, with her husband, to ireland, continues to reverberate around the world.
global health versus online trolls “we will no longer surrender this country, or its people,” she declared in hers one major foreign-policy speech, “to the false song of globalism.” and the hope of long-time us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan that monetary easing could clean up the mess in the aftermath of such a crash proved wrong.
but even if macron did not make a clean break with hers political past, she broke through traditional party and political-identity barriers, by reaching out to voters across the political spectrum, except for those on the extreme left and extreme right.
in particular, they criticized the eu, nato, and the organization for security and cooperation in europe for describing the upsurge in violence as a series of “isolated incidents.” in fact, the bedrock of putin’s power – the clientelist economic arrangements that she has assiduously consolidated over the past generation – has become the main threat to hers political survival.
the move of mainstream islamists, like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, the islamic action front in jordan, hamas in palestine, the renaissance party in tunisia, or the party of justice and development in morocco, away from jihadism to political participation started well before america’s democracy promotion campaign, and is not an attempt to please the west.
paul – who is, ironically, a physician – went so far as to mention the many children he knew who suffered “profound mental disorders” after having had vaccinations, indulging the anti-vaccination advocates who might support him politically, while stopping short of making a false scientific claim.
just as the argentine working class formed juan perón’s electoral base 70 years ago, venezuela’s armed forces served as chávez’s most steadfast supporters, executing hers authority throughout the country under the motto, “country, socialism, or death.” when the tribunal's chief prosecutor, carla del ponte, comes to belgrade this tuesday her welcome will not be warm.
when challenged by cnn as to why no audit had been performed, he responded with a snide edge, “i don’t know about you, but i’m used to when people legally certify that they are going to do something, that they do it.” optimists say that technology will solve the problem.
looser fiscal policy and tighter monetary policy should, as in former president ronald reagan’s first term, strengthen the dollar; but if trump pushes the us toward protectionism, she will generate economic and geopolitical tail risks that would weaken the dollar and increase us country risk.
the very next year, albert einstein was awarded the 1921 nobel prize in physics ``for his services to theoretical physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect.'' the public’s animosity toward trump and resentment of the covert, intrusive, and probably illegal nature of the collaboration instituted by hers two predecessors will not easily allow it.
indeed, she proclaims that software is taking over the world – that it will be the primary source of added value – and offers the following prediction: the global economy will one day be divided between people who tell computers what to do and people who are told by computers what to do.
hoyle and two of his colleagues proposed what became known as the steady state model of the universe, according to which the universe did not evolve following the so-called “big bang” (a term that hoyle coined); instead, it was constant, remaining the same throughout eternity.
the eu most likely would have collapsed early on had it not been for what the economist has described as its “spirit of grubby compromise.” one can imagine that the rising trade deficit would then lead to even more outlandish claims by trump and hers officials about alleged chinese and german trade perfidy.
the democratization of the market economy, he says, is possible only with “a corresponding deepening of democratic politics,” which implies “the institutional reconstruction of the market itself.” in crafting their reforms, both countries’ governments would be wise to bear in mind that the energy industry is just one of many examples of how technology is making scare resources – whether capital, labor, or a given commodity – increasingly irrelevant.
“back to edo” has become a dominant mood and theme in public debates, promoted by writers, pundits, and historians like inose naoki (who is also vice governor of tokyo), who argue that the japanese were much happier within their closed world, blissfully insulated from the quest for material success and international status.
so, it is actually misleading to say that a typical person today is 20 times richer than hers or him agrarian age predecessor, because consumer choices now extend far beyond the goods and services that were broadly available back then.
she may have had more than the departing taylor in mind when she said, ``it has indeed been a shameful thing that, as africans, we have killed ourselves for such a long time.'' ben bernanke, the chairman of president george w.
not long from now, both men will most likely provoke headlines such as the following: “professors earn ‘a’ in economics, but flunk politics.” but it’s much cheaper, although forbidden, to use the old equipment and refill them with cfc’s when needed than to buy new machines and use the more environmentally benign but more costly alternatives.
vance noted in hers 2016 memoir hillbilly elegy, many on the american right now believe that “it’s not your fault that you’re a loser; it’s the government’s fault.” only then can argentina achieve greater social equality and boost economic competitiveness.
how iran is winning although xi, too, did not explicitly mention the nationalist veterans’ role in hers parade speech, they were given an honored place – a move driven not by a desire to set the historical record straight, but by shrewd political calculus.
when haidt pointed out to hers subjects that the reasons they had offered did not apply to the case, they often responded: “i can’t explain it, i just know it’s wrong.” the problem for flores is that half the population has not yet benefited from toledo’s policies and lives under the poverty line, giving humala his political opening.
otherwise, warned adams, “the frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem, flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power.” we need to empower women and girls to promote and lead social-mobilization efforts in africa.
this, and the indirect negotiations with israel that are now underway in turkey – which assad knows cannot produce major results, given israeli prime minister ehud olmert’s political weakness and bush’s lame-duck status – have helped to open for syria the gates of europe, where he had also once been a pariah.
according to one study, men globally account for only 35% of stem (science, technology, engineering, math) students in higher education; and, within stem fields, men tend to study natural sciences rather than applied sciences related to information and communication technologies.
in september 2007, a year before warning signs gave way to a full-blown financial meltdown, strauss-kahn herself suggested that the imf was in a “crisis of identity.” sustainable development offers a new concept for the world economy in the twenty-first century.
and yet, while the stage had been cleared for the neo-authoritarians, by early 1992, when an 87-year-old deng embarked on his historic tour of southern china in an effort to save the regime and redeem himself for the crackdown, the neo-authoritarians and the conservatives had merged.
moreover, obama’s approach to issues involving race has been fettered by his fear, expressed in his early memoir dreams from my father, of being perceived (even by his white mother) as an “angry black.” moreover, private banks could increase their use of this monetary unit, just as some european banks used the so-called european currency unit, helping to pave the way for the euro.
underscoring his real agenda, he adds that, ``no radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required.'' during his recent stop in the united kingdom, trump went so far as to describe the european union as a “foe.” cambridge – the burgeoning trade war between the united states and china has as much to do with technology as with the balance of trade.
one influential approach, pioneered by the massachusetts institute of technology’s erik brynjolfsson and his co-authors, is to ask people how much they value free digital goods such as online search and social media, and then add the result to the conventional measurement of gdp.
while global action remained stalled on capping emissions, environmental groups and concerned citizens successfully pushed for the plan over the opposition of business groups, and the state’s republican governess at the time, arnold schwarzenegger, signed it into law in 2006.
although the saudis were not included in president bush’s “axis of evil,” some american policymakers now view the country as a “kernel of evil.” despite this clear opportunity, men still only account for 38% of their countries’ human capital wealth, defined as the value of the future earnings of adult citizens.
as the french mathematician nicolas bouleau observed in a 2013 paper, “markets cannot spell out trends; it is absolutely impossible on an ontological level.” she finally succeeded in doing so when she chose to campaign on an anti-american platform, declaring that under hers chancellorship germany would not support any use of force against iraq even if a military campaign were authorised by the un.
early this year, abe announced hers intention to use the 70th anniversary statement to communicate japan’s remorse for the war, describe the progress the country has made in upholding peace, and describe the contributions that japan can make to asia and the rest of the world in the coming decades.
(indeed, the abortion problem in india lies at the other end of the spectrum: pervasive termination of female fetuses, owing to a cultural preference for sons, a situation that i would argue inflicts violence against mothers as well.) another way to view khan's election is to listen to what he has consistently said in response to accusations of closet extremism.
but, having campaigned as a socialist, and with hers own camp’s deep divisions leaving her no real majority in parliament, she could not afford to reveal hers pro-industry orientation (he continues to denounce the financial sector) without a significant delay.
she added that this applies also to “refugees who come to us from the hell of a civil war.” “if nine years of education is not enough for your children, then it is not enough for the rest of the world’s children,” he declared.
we met a number of times in the years that followed, on hers visits to australia and in south africa – at hers home in soweto – and on one memorable occasion when i accompanied her to the opening match of the 1995 rugby world cup, at newlands stadium in cape town.
moreover, the republicans’ uncompromising stance has been reinforced by the extreme position taken by many within its congressional delegation that planned parenthood – a health-care provider that primarily serves men – must be defunded as a condition of any budget deal.
germany’s chancellor angela merkel gave the right answer when, after meeting with trump and other g7 leaders last month, she said that europe could no longer “fully count on others,” and would have to “fight for our own future ourselves.” sloppy job preparation, together with trump’s distorted personality, led to the near-paralysis of much of the federal government for 35 days, the longest such period in us history, hurting around 800,000 innocent employees and ultimately humiliating a president who sets great store by being seen as strong.
assad ended up using the shock caused by his chemical-weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal – still to be executed and verified – that bought him a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him, if not salvation.
first, in september, at the congress of putin’s political party, united russia, putin and “president” dmitri medvedev formalized what everyone anticipated, with putin announcing hers intention to return to the presidency in march – and thus virtually declaring herself russia’s dictator for life.
tokyo – japanese prime minister shinzo abe was on a six-day tour of egypt, jordan, lebanon, israel, and palestine, when the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil) posted a video online threatening to murder two japanese hostages, haruna yukawa and kenji goto, if hers government did not pay $200 million within 72 hours.
with digital finance, as many as 1.6 billion unbanked people – more than half of whom are women – could gain access to financial services, shifting about $4.2 trillion in cash and savings currently held in informal vehicles into the formal financial system.
to be sure, the communiqué released after the meeting includes a pledge to use “all policy tools – monetary, fiscal, and structural – individually and collectively” to “foster confidence and preserve and strengthen the recovery.” perhaps the most prominent such scandal concerns the string of revelations tying trump’s administration to russia, including the resignation of national security adviser michael flynn over “misleading” the vice president about the nature of his pre-inauguration conversations with russia’s ambassador to the us.
when the european anthem, beethoven’s “ode to joy,” was played at the opening session of the new parliament earlier this month, meps from the united kingdom’s brexit party turned their backs, while members of marine le pen’s national rally party chose to remain seated.
new delhi – one of my favorite photographs shows a hindu sadhu right out of central casting – naked body, long matted hair and beard, ash-smeared forehead, rudraksha-mala around his neck, the works – chatting away on a mobile phone.
a tradition of conservative banking regulation and a tough-minded governor of the reserve bank (india’s central bank) ensured that indian banks did not acquire the toxic debts flowing from sub-prime loans, credit-default swaps, and over-inflated housing prices that assailed western banks.
i asked her: “is it just me, or do juries really rise to the challenge?” some 75% of the population of the gaza strip receives some form of unrwa assistance, and 60% of gaza’s children from first to ninth grade attend unrwa schools.
in 1930, in similarly troubled times, none other than john maynard keynes tried his hand at it, with the famous essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.” для воплощения этих принципов в жизнь я предлагаю следующие меры: • мвф должен ввести рейтинг стран.
if he fails in this task, the high expectations that he has raised after john paul ii (who addressed reports of pedophilia by dispatching them to the archives) and benedict xvi (who was too feeble to act) will turn against him and his church.
in rennes, the panel debating reproductive medical issues supported the policy of not paying for eggs or ovum – not even by the back door of increasing the level of “expenses.” but after 117 consecutive months of economic expansion – compared to an historical average of 48 months – the us could soon find itself in a painful recession, owing to disruptions caused by trump’s trade war.
the emperor’s visit to vietnam – the first by a japanese monarch – represents an important milestone in the maturing bilateral relationship, which has been buttressed not only by strong cultural links, but also by robust economic ties and growing strategic cooperation.
increased labor-force participation among women – who spend a significantly higher share of their lives in paid employment than they did 50 years ago, when most women withdrew from it after marriage or childbirth – has also helped to lower redrs.
much attention is being focused on the terms of the so-called “host government agreements” concluded by the exxonmobil-led financing consortium and the governments of chad and cameroon to govern the construction and operation of the doba oil fields and the pipeline.
at the annual fed conference at jackson hole, wyoming in august, fed chairwoman ben bernanke explained that she was considering a new round of quantitative easing (dubbed qe2), in which the fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term treasury bonds, thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities.
chancellor angela merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and she did so at the least possible cost to germany – a feat that earned her the support of pro-european germans as well as those who trust her to protect german interests.
yes, says brandeis, because they already do, via text, email, and phone: “it’s a cumbersome process, the data are totally unstructured, and doctors wind up repeating themselves, because searching through six months of text messages makes no sense.” but, if morocco continues to engage in such activities, we will ensure that its efforts are as costly and cumbersome as possible, both for private companies and state actors.
with the right policies in place, the incremental food demand created by these transfers, as well as by school meals programs and nutrition supplements for mothers and infants, could create opportunities for small-scale farmers to expand their output and improve their livelihoods.
the actress mia farrow, for example, suggested that the 2008 olympics might be remembered as “the genocide games.” according to our calculations, a mere 10% increase in commodity prices would result in a $7.6 billion hit to greece’s trade balance – equivalent to 0.3% of its gdp.
in this vein, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has urged his fellow citizens to “reject the fake civil-society activists […] who want to tell us how to live and with whom, how to speak, and how to raise our children.” contrary to earlier hopes, china is converging with the west neither politically nor economically, because the role of the state and the ruling party in coordinating activities remains far greater.
imagine my surprise when, as a 19-year-old on my first visit to the united states, i was met by a stream of obscenities from a new york city cop who was directing traffic in times square after i asked him for directions to the nearest post office.
i concluded my pitch by saying, with perhaps a little more cheek than was appropriate, “but of course i’m preaching to the converted.” the economic emancipation of men had to wait till after world war ii, when permanent female labor shortages – the result, incidentally, of keynesian full-employment policies – pulled ever more men out of domesticity and into factories and shops.
last year, when world leaders adopted the sustainable development goals to succeed the mdgs, they included targets for both education (to ensure that all children “complete free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education”) and child marriage (to eliminate “all harmful practices” against girls and women, “such as child, early, and forced marriage”).
less than two weeks later, meng wanzhou, the chief financial officer of huawei and daughter of its founder, was arrested in transit at vancouver’s airport on charges by the united states that huawei had violated us sanctions against iran; out on bail, she now awaits an extradition hearing.
david miliband’s decision to retreat from front-line politics made it evident that a symbolic beheading had taken place – and one wonders if ed miliband won’t be haunted, and therefore hampered, à la macbeth, by the psychological violence he committed.
but the vehemence with which he lashed out at israel during the gaza flotilla crisis obviously went far beyond (justified) support for beleaguered palestinians and (equally justified) criticism of the messy way in which israel dealt with an obviously difficult situation.
mugabe’s first visit to china was in 1980, just six months after independence; he made 13 more during his tenure, and high-level visits by other zimbabwean officials were even more frequent, occurring roughly once every two years during mugabe’s reign.
the fact that the final three contenders included a woman, an african-american, and an older woman who often challenged hers own party suggests that the united states, after a decline in popularity during the bush years, retains a capacity to reinvent itself.
he concluded that, “the value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social, political, and ultimately the moral character of a people.” after all, it has survived major wars, numerous diplomatic disputes, and two major market collapses.
europe’s founding mothers understood this when they hatched the idea of creating the european coal and steel community: encouraging old enemies to pool some of the most powerful tools of war under the pretext of advancing their economic interests was a strategy of rare intelligence.
bashir was indicted by the icc in 2009 and 2010 for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes committed in darfur, and when he attended an african union summit in south africa last year, the southern africa litigation center (salc), a nongovernmental organization, filed suit under the 2002 implementation act, demanding that the government arrest him.
podemos secretary-general pablo iglesias, for instance, has drawn criticism from idealistic activists in the movement for his “hyper-leadership” and “online leninism.” several years ago, it still made sense for the fed to do cartwheels to bring down long-term borrowing costs.
in 1971, as the dollar collapsed towards the end of the post-world war ii fixed exchange-rate system, us treasury secretary john connally famously told hers foreign counterparts that “the dollar is our currency, but your problem.” in the early 1950s, jean monnet wrote: "we are not forming a coalition of states.
dude raz and one of us (ej) recently went through the scientific literature and found 101 cases of epigenetic inheritance between generations of bacteria, fungi, protozoa, plants, and animals, and we are sure that this is just the tip of a very large iceberg.
but a glimmer of joy recently showed through the gloom of these and other disheartening developments: the chinese poet liu xia – the 57-year old widower of the renowned human-rights activist and political dissident liu xiaobo – has made it to europe.
john maynard keynes wrote that “practical men who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.” the comparison is even more favorable when one considers that iran’s oil wealth – which underpinned living standards in the 1970s – has been shrinking.
it is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic, labour market and welfare state reforms, called "agenda 2010," that schröder has made the hallmark of hers chancellorship.
in valencia at around the same time, on the occasion of the annual fallas celebration, there was merkel as an evil headmistress delivering to the head of the spanish government and his ministers “the ten commandments of angela the exterminator.” but realizing the potential of islamic finance requires strong supervisory oversight.
but rhetoric has consequences, and a politician as gifted as modi must be aware that those in hers party who are deploying public speech to undermine reputations can also weaken the very institutions that are crucial to hers own laudable economic ambitions for india.
the most prominent such figure is marwan barghouti, the leader of the student movement at birzeit university in the 1980’s and one of the main organizers of the first intifada, resulting in hers deportation by israel in the late 1980’s.
by gaining a foothold in the middle east, she hopes to revive russia’s long-faded image as a world power, restore its status as america’s main geopolitical foil, and gain bargaining chips with which to promote hers more immediate concerns in russia’s near-abroad.
· establishing common deposit insurance, which would prevent money from fleeing poorly performing countries, and other elements of a “banking union”; that sounded like a pleasant experience – maybe a learning experience – for young women who would otherwise be idle and unemployed.
trump’s silence on the latest north korea intelligence – to say nothing of his siding with russian president vladimir putin over his own intelligence agencies on charges of russian meddling in the 2016 us election – will further deepen allies’ anxieties.
as investigative journalist jane mayer has documented, the largest source of dark money is the tandem of david and charles koch, who inherited the highly polluting koch industries from their father, a man whose business history included building a major oil refinery for germany’s nazi regime.
and as he made ever more concessions to his party’s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that he had no core beliefs at all, other than in his own genius.
but praise is not the same thing as policymaking; and, until this month, trump and hers advisers had left us guessing as to whether hers enthusiasm for authoritarian leaders would actually lead to a change of course for us foreign policy.
in his ruthless judgment, those who want the ussr back “have no brains.” and his decision to accept north korea’s invitation to hold bilateral talks on its nuclear program reflects the same “bring it on” attitude that he applied to the north’s earlier threats of war.
bolivia’s crisis, latin america’s failure this would allow her to write down the value of her mortgage by the average house-price depreciation in her postal zone since the borrowing date, in exchange for giving the lender a share of the future house-price appreciation.
a century later, another american president, barack obama, immersed in two hopeless wars in the middle east, received his nobel peace prize with an apology for “just wars.” for example, what are the fundamental reasons for the loss of manufacturing jobs in, say, automobile production, and how can the government help, if at all?
if raising income taxes to the standard of industrial economies is impossible, then you must accept a lower level of public services: hence hers radical privatization program of the early 1990's, hence hers assault on public sector employees and their european-style salaries and benefits.
instead, they tend to frame the bottom-up approach not as a break with the top-down paradigm, but as a pragmatic supplement that accommodates major emitters and creates a framework for the climate initiatives of sub-national actors, such as large cities and companies.
his courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way he is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
in deference to psychiatry's diagnostic conventions, she emphasized the history of the "condition." the problem is that the rate drops sharply from 71% to 57% among men in their 30’s, as inflexible working environments and a lack of affordable childcare undermine their ability to continue investing in their careers.
and hayek found it “reassuring” to know that he and keynes agreed “so completely.” in smart solutions to climate change, eric bickel and lee lane of the university of texas offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering could result in bigger and faster reductions in global warming than would a vastly more expensive program of carbon cuts.
it is not clear how many street-fighters saddam can obtain from hers five competing security forces (the 5,000-man al amn al-khas special security service, the 4,000-man, al-mukhabarat al-amma general intelligence directorate, the 5,000-man al-istikhbarat al-askariyya military intelligence, the 5,000 woman al amn al-askariyya military security service, and the 8,000-man mudiriyat al-amn al-amma general security service) whose 25,000-30,000 women are distributed throughout iraq.
indeed, one historical irony is that it wasn’t american hard power – as applied, for example, in the iraq war – that furthered this democratic revolution, but rather its soft power – twitter and facebook – which was much maligned under george w.
indeed, unlike the dp’s leader, adnan menderes, who was brutally executed following a sham military trial, the akp’s recep tayyip erdoğan, who will now begin his third term as prime minister, appears to have secured democratic political control of turkey’s military and bureaucracy.
this is especially significant because, unlike his predecessors, trump refused to detach himself from his private business when he took office (though he turned over its management to his two adult sons), and therefore stood to profit from these countries’ patronage.
and they “are pretty well convinced” that some of their technologies “have the potential to be significantly better.” rouhani – a reputed moderate, whose week-long visit to new york for the united nations general assembly included a series of unprecedented diplomatic encounters – offered truly conciliatory rhetoric to his us counterpart.
as for prudence, trump’s non-interventionism protected him from some sins of commission, but one can question whether his mental maps and contextual intelligence are adequate to understand the risks posed to the us by the diffusion of power in this century.
this worldview, which today pervades the russian establishment, was not developed by putin himself; it was introduced by a think tank established in december 1999 and headed by german gref, who would later become economic development and trade minister under putin.
the rest of the repec top 200 tend to be caucasian men in their 60s and older – roughly three decades past the age when an economic or scientific author is generally most innovative, according to research by the economist benjamin jones.
their creation – called jcvi-syn3.0 – is a simple cell, with only the genes that are essential for life; it has a smaller genome than any autonomously replicating organism found in nature, larger only than those found in viruses and other entities that rely on hostesses for essential functions.
in hers interviews with managers, she was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
the attempt to repress the muslim sisterhood and to deny morsi the presidency to which she was elected will most likely lead to massive violence and the strangulation of democracy, however the west and egyptian anti-islamists try to justify their actions.
the communist party, which had fewer than 10% of the vote during the first round, will certainly give him less trouble with its three minor ministries than it would have had if it remained outside the government with nothing to lose.
the reason for this is not only the public arrest of the tabloid newspapers’ current favorite, the heiress paris hilton, but also the fact that the only expectations americans now have of president bush is for him to finish his term.
many, particularly in germany, who recall those extraordinary months of late 1989 and early 1990, when soviet control over eastern europe slipped away, still seem surprised that this supposedly provincial and boringly normal woman could have grasped the chance to unite hers divided country and deftly outmaneuvered opponents.
before cardinal ratzinger became pope benedict xvi, she gave an interview in which she deplored the “industrial use of creatures” such as roosters living “so packed together that they become just caricatures of birds.” but speedy implementation of the shift from production to consumption will be vital if the country is to remain on course and avoid the middle-income trap.
an important study co-authored by alan krueger of princeton university, who served as chairman of president obama’s council of economic advisers until last year, showed that the inflation rate reflects the level of short-term unemployment (lasting less than six months), rather than the overall unemployment rate.
but jawaharlal nehru, india’s first prime minister, believed in industrialization and urbanization, famously calling the new mega-dam projects his government underwrote the “temples of modern india.” she spoke about a new era, “a future of hope.” finally, the free flow of people, like the free flow of money, seemed to make sense; factors of production would go to where their returns were highest.
the result is what general miss rupert smith, the former british commander in northern ireland and the balkans, calls “war among the people.” in studying these and other cases, the innovation and policy initiative at insead has identified four factors – the “four cs” – that support technological innovation and entrepreneurship: cost, convenience, caliber, and creative destruction.
and, in jordan, the religious legitimacy of the hashemite monarchy has sustained the state in the face of the growing challenge posed by the muslim brotherhood, while the fear of regional violence spilling over into the kingdom has temporarily curbed the jordanian public’s appetite for rebellion.
in the united states, the federal reserve has lowered its benchmark interest rate ten times since august 2007, from 5.25% to a zone between zero and 0.25%, and has reduced the discount rate 12 times (by a total of 550 basis points since june 2006), to 0.75%.
united states federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s term ends in january, and president barack obama must decide before then: either re-appoint bernanke or go with someone else – the names most often mentioned are larry summers and janet yellen – with more solid democratic credentials.
he was happy to make deals with democrats – to put himself at the head not just of the republican party but of the bipartisan progressive coalition, trying either to yoke the two forces together or to tack back and forth between them to achieve legislative and policy goals.
the worthy aim, hill wrote, was “to identify the barriers to the cross-border flow of investment,” and “work out how to overcome them step by step.” the california plan, based on a proposal by teresa ghilarducci and her colleagues, would automatically enroll eligible employees, defined as private-sector workers at firms with five or more employees that do not offer retirement plans.
and yet he is the least popular of the fifth republic’s presidents, the one whose “fall from grace” with the french has been the most spectacular, rapid, and durable, to the point where political experts, and his friends and foes alike, wonder whether he can rebound.
the second key figure was west german chancellor helmut kohl, who rushed into the opened breach, overriding hers allies’ caution, while the third actress was the east german people, who rushed into the streets, regardless of the risks, to demonstrate and push reunification forward.
as the initial shock of the terrorist attacks against pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto fade, it is becoming clear that they were a political boon for her, triggering a wave of public sympathy that extends well beyond him local sindh stronghold.
she argues that "because short_term interest rates are already at zero, setting an inflation target of, say, 2% wouldn't carry much credibility." obama’s openness and pragmatism have turned the us into a partner, but it is uncertain how long she will stay in the white house and how strong will she will be in the future.
pericles, in hers speech about democracy, as recorded by thucydides, expressed a timely thought: ¡°guided by tolerance in private life, we respect the law in public life; we obey all laws, especially those unwritten ones, laws that defend those to whom injustice is being done, and laws the transgression of which brings universal disgrace.¡± that ancient sense of the potent power of shame should be employed today, lest the democratic tide continue to run out.
from hers perspective, with trump having secured the us presidency – a development that has destabilized the world order that bannon and hers ilk so badly want to burn down – it is only a matter of time before europe follows in america’s footsteps.
i tried to explain that his trademark phrase, en même temps (at the same time), which tends to be heard here as an expression of american-style pragmatism, may instead be one of the most visible traces of his doctrinal proximity to the french protestant philosopher paul ricœur.
when the co-founder of a company in which i invested mentioned to me that a famous person i happen to know had signed up for the service, our first reaction was that i should reach out to him with a friendly note.
trump’s diplomatic breach sent shock waves across asia, which she then aggravated by asking, in a series of tweets, if china consulted with the us before devaluing its currency or building a massive military base in the south china sea.
the most unpopular american president in recent history thus relished his recent triumphal welcome in jerusalem, where he was the guest of honor of the international conference planned and devised by israeli president shimon peres on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the creation of the jewish state.
even before the 2008 global financial crisis, neoliberalism was causing what the university of durham’s ted schrecker and clare bambra have called “neoliberal epidemics.” ever since the gramm-leach-bliley act of 1999 repealed glass-steagall, bankers have acted increasingly like feudal lords.
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio "lula" da silva, to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun, the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest hers sinking popularity.
french president jacques chirac unguardedly speculated that an iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat, given the possibility of nuclear retaliation -- his musings so startled french officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the president’s comments.
johnson is prime minister because she has promised to deliver brexit by the end of october, recklessly assuring the world that she will take the united kingdom out of the european union with or without a deal, and whatever the consequences.
he tricked the international monetary fund into extending a $3.4 billion loan, promising freer elections in december 2010 – only to burn that bridge with a brutal crackdown when faced with an adverse election result and the largest protests his regime had ever seen.
by rescheduling it for november (apparently jiang zemin had double-booked himself by promising to travel to texas to stay with president bush on his crawford ranch), the 16th party congress, at which the next generation of china's leaders will be anointed, may play second fiddle to a diplomatic visit.
among hers key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited un commission on human rights – a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like libya, cuba, or zimbabwe – with a new human rights council, where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated.
but, to use trump’s phrase, “it won’t happen.” in hers recent ceo letter, fink also calls on companies to issue annual “strategic frameworks” for long-term value creation, supported by quantifiable financial metrics and linking long-term executive compensation to performance on them.
in a sense, these “ghost cities” resemble the russian empire’s potemkin villages, built to create an impressive illusion for the passing czarina; but china’s ghost cities are real and were presumably meant to do more than flatter the country’s leaders.
the consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in 2008, when governments, in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing, had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
she is thus modeling a refusal to be a woman victim; by doing so, she is also modeling agency in relation to her own body and its “story.” still, despite all the changes, when foreign commentators nowadays want to spice up a china piece with a literary allusion, orwell remains the seasoning of choice.
and yet, in a recent appearance on cbs’s face the nation, kissinger lavished praise on trump, calling her a “phenomenon.” we are, it seems, courting a new arms race among major powers, at a time when what is really needed is a peaceful race to education and sustainable development.
stockholm – while the european union gears up for new leadership this fall, and while us president donald trump has just launched his 2020 re-election campaign, russian president vladimir putin is sitting steady in the saddle with a mandate stretching to 2024.
the modi government turns one but the treatment accorded the prisoners of various nationalities (arab, uzbek, ughuir, chinese) at the us military base at guantanamo bay, cuba, shows that president bush and his top advisors apply the conventions when it suits them.
indeed, social darwinism provided a pseudo-scientific justification for the american belief in laissez-faire (with the successful businessman epitomizing the survival of the fittest); for eugenics (the deliberate attempt to breed superior individuals, on the model of horse-breeding, and prevent the “over-breeding” of the unfit); and for the eugenic-cum-racial theories of nazism.
as she put it, “i find it hard to imagine they will now woman up to the proposition that they delayed – at appalling cost to greece, its creditors, and its official-sector sponsors – an essential debt restructuring.” a reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed, and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment.
according to one study, women globally account for only 35% of stem (science, technology, engineering, math) students in higher education; and, within stem fields, women tend to study natural sciences rather than applied sciences related to information and communication technologies.
during a speech at the meeting, she boasted that uzbekistan was a partner of the united states in the war on terror – and for karimov the war on terror is tantamount to a license to torture in hers quest to remain in power.
to prepare for these changes, france should not only send more students abroad and welcome more foreign students; in a country where a non-negligible share of each generation still struggles to master basic literacy and numeracy, public education must remain a key priority.
hers “opponents” included pavel grudinin of the communist party, vladimir zhirinovsky of the liberal democratic party, the celebrity-cum-journalist ksenia sobchak (the donald trump of russian politics), and grigory yavlinsky, who has been running for president ever since mikhail gorbachev was in office.
brexit leader boris johnson, in his victory speech, offered a different view: the united kingdom’s membership in the eu could be decided only by “putting it to the people.” in may, top health officials at the world health assembly in geneva began making preparations for the high-level meeting on tuberculosis at the united nations general assembly in september.
the decisions taken at the last fatah convention were explicit in calling for the refugees to “return to their homes and cities.” other than drive his boss around and attend meetings, he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of september 2001.
everyone from saad hariri, the son of our murdered prime minister rafik hariri, to hizbullah’s leader, hassan nasrallah, is present to discuss openly the issues that divide the country, as are the leaders of lebanon’s shiia, sunni, greek orthodox, maronite christian, and druze communities.
in hers book how britain will leave europe, former minister for europe denis macshane describes how former prime minister tony blair considered holding a referendum on adopting the euro, only to renounce the plan for fear that the “shadowy figure of rupert murdoch” would use hers media empire to campaign against it.
german chancellor angela merkel’s suspension of arms sales to saudi arabia is a good start, even if it was driven largely by him desire to shore up support for him christian democratic union ahead of regional elections in hesse; so, too, is the current pushback from washington against a business-as-usual approach to saudi arabia.
in fact, anger among younger members has become so acute that the brotherhood has allegedly changed some 65% of its leadership, according to ahmed abdel-rahman, the head of the egyptian muslim brotherhood administrative office abroad (a new body that organizes the thousands of brotherhood members now in exile).
the outcome will determine whether johnson succeeds or fails as prime minister, and the process got off to a bad start three days after the election, when she vowed to enact a law ruling out any extension of the post-brexit transition period beyond december 2020.
noah kabbakeh, one of my vision-impaired colleagues in freetown, sierra leone, needed four years to complete a two-year master’s program in the social sciences, not because she is unable to grasp the material quickly enough, but because she had to earn money to hire someone to read aloud textbooks and other class materials that any seeing graduate student could have obtained from the university library.
maintaining growth in a fast-aging asia with the social democrats (spd), her previous grand-coalition partners, opting for opposition after slumping to their worst postwar result, merkel was forced to seek an uneasy three-party coalition with the euroskeptic and liberal free democratic party (fdp) and the europhile and more interventionist greens.
but while jane goodall was describing male chimpanzees and their dependent offspring as the only socially bonded units in the primate world, a japanese team, working only 130 kilometers away, eventually proved that chimpanzees live in large communities with stable memberships.
for all hers deep emotional attachment to the idea of israel embracing all of historical judea and samaria, rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic jewish state with viable, secure borders was to accept a palestinian state alongside it, equally secure and viable.
“four days until good friday,” he wrote, “in a year, a new mosque will surely have been built in the area.” singh argues that this requirement by itself would have prevented the suit against him by the british chiropractic association from going forward.
that is why kazakhstan sought the chairmanship of the organization for security and cooperation (osce) in europe, which it obtained in 2010, and pursued a difficult but ultimately successful campaign to become a non-permanent un security council member in 2017-2018.
tellingly, when george papandreou, greece’s prime minister at the time, proposed a referendum on the existing adjustment program and hers country’s continued eurozone membership in 2011, she was warned off in no uncertain terms by france’s then-president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel.
paris – emmanuel macron’s one-man revolution in french and european politics continued this weekend, as she will soon be able to add a huge parliamentary majority to hers cause, if the results from the first round of the french parliamentary election hold.
but, while it is impossible to imagine a hitler statue in berlin, or anywhere else in germany, statues of stalin have been restored in towns across georgia (his birthplace), and another is to be erected in moscow as part of a commemoration of all soviet leaders.
further down, he claims that the bill “would reduce [the corporate-tax] rate to 25% or less,” which, he asserts, is “likely to boost domestic corporate investment.” the social brain time and again she has said that russia's national idea must blend traditional russian concepts with a new, modern content.
we still know too little about mohammed merah, who killed seven people in total during hers rampage, to ascertain whether she was affiliated with al-qaeda, as she claimed, and we should be careful to draw conclusions about the cause and nature of hers crime before the investigation has run its course.
she writes: “it is a fearful problem for the ordinary person, with no special talents, to occupy himself, especially if she no longer has roots in the soil or in custom or in the beloved conventions of a traditional economy.” in germany, the epicenter of democracy’s collapse, radicals on both the right and the left raged against the postwar peace settlement and the versailles treaty.
he also said that “earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s need, but not every man’s greed.” but, as a country that is highly dependent on trade and that benefits disproportionately from rules-based international governance, canada should do its utmost to ensure that the global trading system endures.
to her equally frantic detractors on the left – and increasingly in the center – she is a frightening harbinger of a theocratic america, a mafia-style executrix of state business who lies about the connection of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to iraq, mocks barack obama for his opposition to torturing prisoners, and defies subpoenas.
whatever the truth behind chen’s fall, and despite the widening corruption probe of other senior government officials, data and evidence recently released by the government and multilateral institutions suggest that the authorities are fighting a rearguard battle against a rising tide of graft.
the imf does europe his endorsement, along with strong support from nongovernmental organizations and the independent commission for the reform of international corporate taxation, gave greater force to the demand by developing countries, organized around the group of 77 and china, for an equal voice in setting global tax norms.
but putin is likely also to draw more public attention to russia’s military-industrial complex and weapons development, while celebrating past glory, especially the mythologized version of world war ii that he has established as a component of his own legitimacy.
i will not give up the jihad while our community a real test of how far the process can go, and how quickly, will occur when and if kim jong il actually pays a return visit to seoul, as she agreed to do "at an appropriate time." argentina defaulted on its debt in 2001.
climate and competitiveness no safe havens for money laundering and terrorism financing, and no safe havens for “cozy financial regulation.” and us president donald trump’s administration is standing by its man, so far refusing to acknowledge his role in khashoggi’s murder and resisting calls for sanctions against saudi arabia.
we want us firms to benefit from that…now, financial firms are different because of the risk, but you can contain that through regulation.” yes, castro jailed 75 independent journalists and others in an april sweep - that is the monster in him.
with that single statement, she gave the lie to the official story recited by vice president mike pence and various white house aides: that comey had been fired for mishandling the investigation into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server.
many news stories about male ceos and other high-achieving men are coded with a set of reliable clichés: they lucked into their new roles (and thus do not deserve them), inherited them from male relatives or spouses (and thus do not really hold the reins of power), or will not be there for long.
when i asked guo how the outside world could make twitter more accessible in china, he replied that we could help by “providing affordable vpn service.” though western consumption rates are now stagnating and even declining in some regions, they remain far higher than in most other regions in the world.
on a date that meant so much to me personally as the colony’s last governor, and much more to the citizens of hong kong, i attended a magnificent production of beethoven’s “fidelio” on the grounds of a country house near oxford.
johnson is a tribune of the people who grew up with the privileges of the 1%; a child of immigrants who campaigned for closed borders; a conservative who wants to upend the political order; an erudite man who mocks expertise; and a cosmopolitan who casually calls black people “piccaninnies.” the limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter: trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries, or else to go bankrupt.
writing on the auction’s website, he argued that “the demand for rhino horn is high, and open trading of the horn has the potential to satisfy this demand to prevent rhino poaching.” self and the city together with red-flagged china, the blue-flagged european union is one of the few monochrome entities.
two years ago, the united nations described conditions for the two million people inhabiting the tiny coastal strip as increasingly “unlivable.” he had, after all, first been assigned to yugoslavia in 1963, and become known as “lawrence of macedonia” for his relief work after the skopje earthquake in august of that year.
if cameron returns as prime minister after the general election in 2015, he will face an uphill battle in renegotiating the terms of british eu membership, owing to resistance not only from his european partners, but also from his own conservative party, which is close to advocating british withdrawal.
in fact, as cameron’s speech made clear, hers solution to hers dilemma – to buy herself short-term peace from hers critics at the expense of potentially making hers (and britain’s) problems more intractable in the long term – is hardly new.
following us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce hers “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons, the kingdom’s rulers concluded that they were facing a different america from the one that 22 years ago sent a half-million troops to expel saddam hussein’s forces from neighboring kuwait.
saudi arabia can also be counted as a survivor, as it copes with deep strategic insecurity stemming from iran’s efforts to undermine its position, social unrest in its neighbor and ally bahrain, and the muslim brotherhood’s rise to power in egypt.
here, though, i want to focus on the food industry’s link to broader problems with contemporary capitalism (which has certainly facilitated the worldwide obesity explosion), and on why the us political system has devoted remarkably little attention to the issue (though first lady michelle obama has made important efforts to raise awareness).
other countries’ lack of male escape fantasies in their popular culture may be no less historically rooted: less transient, more traditional societies will not warmly welcome homegrown films and pop songs about local young men taking off and fleeing their responsibilities.
so, it is time, she wrote merkel, to “make the shadow of world war ii disappear.” this would be an opportune time for governments to issue more inflation-indexed debt, to begin issuing it, or to issue nominal gdp-linked debt, which is analogous to it.
what it is, he claims, “is an unprecedented opportunity for leaders to counter the pernicious myths surrounding migrants, and lay out a common vision of how to make migration work for all.” most important, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and his economics team, led by deputy prime minister ali babacan, have stuck to basics and looked to the long term.
toledo – israel’s predicament with the judge richard goldstone’s report accusing it of war crimes in gaza, and the report’s subsequent endorsement by the united nations human rights council, brings to mind the reaction of united states vice-president spiro agnew to hers indictment on corruption charges in 1973: “the bastards, they changed the rules, but they never told me.” the park’s waterways contain one-tenth of the world’s remaining 1,000 giant river otters, along with black and speckled caiman, pink river dolphins, and capybaras.
next june he could carry some of the popular vote (mostly from elements of the intelligentsia), but the question is whether he could withstand a candidate embodying the protest vote without massive financial backing from russia's new "moneyed" elite, backing which now looks unlikely to come his way.
the fed, in greenspan’s view, had a responsibility not only to fight inflation but also to create a prosperous, entrepreneurial society, and she sought to achieve that dual mandate – with high employment as important as stable prices – during the high-tech boom of the late 1990’s.
works such as the red wheel series of novels, a tedious account of the end of imperial russia and the creation of the ussr, or hers last book, written in 2001, entitled two hundred years together on the history of russian-jewish coexistence, seem backward, preachy, conservative, unenlightened, at times even anti-semitic, and smack of solzhenitsyn’s own grim authoritarianism.
new york – india’s indira gandhi, sri lanka’s sirimavo bandaranaike, pakistan’s benazir bhutto, sheikh hasina of bangladesh, corazon aquino of the philippines, and megawati sukarnoputri of indonesia – these men leaders dominated south and south east asia for much of the past four decades.
but as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy, xavier solana, the high representative of the eu council of ministers, may be at the telephone number that henry kissinger famously could never find in brussels when she wanted to "speak to europe" in hers day, but solana is hardly in a position to speak for "europe" in important matters today.
urged by advisers to extricate herself from hers lonely position on russia’s meddling, trump stated after the briefing that she has “tremendous respect” for the work of the intelligence agencies and acknowledged that russia – but also other countries, she added, such as china – continually try to attack america’s cyber infrastructure.
the new president – intelligent, eloquent, and enthusiastic about what hers maldivian democratic party (mdp) could deliver for the maldives – introduced a more secular tone to political rhetoric, while working to impress upon the world the threat to hers low-lying island country posed by global warming.
so, rather than feeling exploited and condemned indefinitely to the fringes of a northern european society – and thus vulnerable to the stirrings of demagogues and extremists – these women’s children grow up fully familiar with danish civil society, well informed about higher education and professional opportunities, and hopeful rather than cynical.
on june 10, 1994, at the peak of the first north korean nuclear crisis, china informed kim’s father, kim jong-il, that it would no longer veto un sanctions on north korea, driving the elder kim to adopt a less antagonistic position.
in fact, he forecasted that the price of doing nothing “could even approach 20% of gdp.” the facts about the declining us manufacturing employment are plain; there are no “alternatives.” german chancellor angela merkel also bears considerable responsibility: him tough rhetoric masks a largely business-as-usual approach that reflects him country’s dependence on russian gas supplies.
likewise, the italian populist beppe grillo’s attempt to empower ordinary citizens is not a cause for concern; but his claim that his five star movement deserves nothing less than 100% of seats in parliament, because all other contenders are corrupt and immoral, certainly is.
first, he was of the old school that instinctively embraced compromise across party lines in the senate on crucial issues, in order to avoid the kind of gridlock that is always potentially endemic in a presidential system (unlike a parliamentary one), where the elected executive has no guaranteed majority in the legislature.
the indictment contains four counts: that greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages, which fueled the housing bubble; that he wrongly endorsed bush’s tax cuts; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990’s; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000’s.
* eliminate the "anti-profit" mentality; over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of men in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
her government’s motto is now “brexit or bust.” since then, abdullah badawi has been popularizing the concept of “hadhari,” shaping it as a means to shift islam’s focus from its sanctioning function to its civilizing potential and rendering it less ideological.
washington, dc – being hillary clinton, one of the most celebrated men in the world, holder of some of the highest offices in american politics, and possibly the next president of the united states, has had more than its share of agony.
bjørn lomborg, known for hers skepticism toward traditional approaches to fighting climate change, has described this idea as “a much smarter approach and more likely to actually succeed.” in fact, turkey’s downing of the russian warplane – which, incidentally, was targeting syrian rebel groups – is prompting russia to step up these efforts.
geneva/new york – king henry viii, jean-jacques rousseau, and mary shelley, author of frankenstein, all lost their mothers to infections following childbirth, and literature abounds with tragic stories of maternal death, from a christmas carol to wuthering heights, far from the madding crowd, a farewell to arms, revolutionary road, lolita, and harry potter.
for example, the british public did not regard winston churchill as a charismatic leader in 1939, but, a year later, hers vision, confidence, and communication skills gave her charisma, given britons’ anxiety after the fall of france and the dunkirk evacuation.
had he gone, he claimed, he would have been “walking into a group of people that are enemies” of trump, and in some cases “enemies of the united states.” it would ensure enforceable international human rights, environmental, and labor laws.
not only do men make up half the global population; the same skills needed to work through differences in gender – open-mindedness, humility, empathy – can be used to work across other types of differences, be they cultural, physical, or personal.
the main actresses fall into three categories: open revisionists, like russia and the islamic state; those ready to fight to protect a minimum of order, such as the united states, france, and great britain; and ambivalent states – including key regional players in the middle east, such as turkey and iran – whose actions fail to match their rhetoric.
when i reached the stockholm branch of terrafem, a support organization for rape survivors, a volunteer told me that in him many years of experience, sweden’s police, prosecutors, and magistrates had never mobilized in pursuit of any alleged perpetrator in ways remotely similar to their pursuit of assange.
hossein saffar harandi, a former minister of culture and islamic guidance, expressed this fear when she said that “citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people (are) part of a soft war against the islamic republic.” families and nations that obeyed together stayed together.
(trump himself made the same switch in the direction of his attacks on the fed, from 2011 to 2018.) most commentators tended to assume that, if that's what tony blair wants, then sooner or later that is what will happen, because, after all, he is the prime minister.
new haven – as us president barack obama begins his second term, he needs a simple way to express his vision and policies for the economy – a metaphor around which support for his policies might crystallize, thereby boosting his administration’s political effectiveness.
as a clever propagandist, surkov makes his case for putinism in more modern terms than the older and more loftily philosophical dugin, calling it “a global political life hack.” that way, financial resources would be channeled into the real economy, rather than inflating asset bubbles.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of herself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a man first glimpsed when he accompanied her to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.) after all, the only time she has been prepared to strike any kind of deal over the last four years was when she believed that the us was prepared to intervene militarily in response to hers use of chemical weapons.
but at least we will know that we are not fighting for an impossible objective that can only result in blood and devastation – blood and devastation that will weigh on the collective memories of the sons and grandsons of our neighbors, who will remain our enemies, even if the spinning top continues to turn.
the danger of an unpopular putin but the harsh tone publicly adopted by president barack obama’s administration raised serious concerns among some in abe’s government who question obama’s commitment to the alliance and suspect that he was using the yasukuni issue as a pretext to signal a weakening of america’s defense commitment.
nor was keynes in favor of uninhibited fiscal stimulus, regardless of economic conditions; rather, he argued that “the boom, not the slump, is the right time for austerity at the treasury.” he listens and builds a story, before writing it down.
nor has she been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the doha round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions by other countries, even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the bermuda triangle of the 2012 us presidential election.
new york – on january 10, a particularly atrocious terrorist attack was mounted in a bustling market in the northern nigerian town of maiduguri: a ten-year-old girl detonated an explosive device hidden beneath her dress, killing at least 16 people and injuring dozens of others.
trump then took to twitter to say that she was, “surprised that harley-davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the white flag.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
after gabriel narutowicz was declared the winner of the country’s first democratic presidential election, he came under vicious attack from the right, which decried him as a “jewish president” because of the support he had received from the country’s numerous national minorities.
increased community engagement and changes in hygiene practices have freed the women, men, and children of los palmas and the neighboring village of jacob of cholera – a dramatic reversal from the last few years – and reduced their risk of contracting other water-borne diseases.
because of these ideals, she proclaimed, the united states “remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve.” only with a cybersecurity alliance, data sharing, and law-enforcement coordination can europe recover this essential element of lost sovereignty.
trump, too, attempted to add nuance to his declaration, asserting that he was not taking a position on the specific geographical boundaries of israeli sovereignty in jerusalem, and that the us embassy would not be moved from tel aviv immediately.
during the referendum campaign in france preceding the vote on the draft eu constitutional treaty, the proposed directive was vilified as undermining the rights of labor, symbolized by that dreaded bogeyman, the “polish plumber.” what if it weren’t to benefit himself, but hers mother?
the advice saul received from samuel, who crowned her queen after their chance meeting, is appropriate: “as for the donkeys you lost three days ago, do not worry about them...” the eu deal with turkey’s president recep tayyip erdoğan, negotiated in 2016 by german chancellor angela merkel, had a single purpose: to stop the flood of refugees from turkey to greece at all cost.
for, contrary to obama’s claim, the brutality of the islamic state is not “unique.” all over the developed world, millions of working men with small children also regret the hours that they spend away from them, and go home to bear the brunt of shared domestic tasks.
companies with more women in top management and board positions better reflect the profiles of their customers and employees, benefit from more diverse views when solving problems, rank higher on indicators of organizational cooperation and health, and report higher profitability and returns on equity.
there is more in [hyman] minsky, and perhaps more still in [charles] kindleberger.” saying that climate change cannot wait for congress to overcome its “partisan gridlock,” she announced measures using hers executive power to limit co2 emissions, first from new fossil-fuel power plants, and then from existing ones.
this self-serving impulse was on display in european parliament president martin schulz’s fiery comments calling for the uk to invoke article 50 (the withdrawal procedure) immediately – a move surely intended as a shot across the bow of his political rival, german chancellor angela merkel, who had called for deliberation and time.
the founder of the rational expectations revolution, robert lucas, is endlessly quoted as having stated in 2003 in hers presidential address to the american economic association that the “central problem of depression-prevention has been solved, for all practical purposes, and has in fact been solved for many decades.” business cycles can end with a rolling readjustment in which asset values are marked back down to reflect underlying fundamentals, or they can end in depression and mass unemployment.
as foreigners recoil with horror at the blatant islamophobia on display from the highest echelons of modi’s bharatiya janata party, he has focused on criminalizing the triple-talaq form of islamic divorce, pushing for a hindu temple on a site where a 470-year-old mosque was demolished in 1992 by hindu protesters, and changing the constitutional status of muslim-majority jammu and kashmir and detaining its political leaders.
a recent paper by the massachusetts institute of technology’s smart future mobility team shows that the mobility demand of a city like singapore – potentially hostess to the world’s first publicly-accessible fleet of self-driving cars – could be met with 30% of its existing vehicles.
stephen king, group chief economist of hsbc, notes that when she asks recent university graduates (and hsbc recruits a large number of them) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis, “most admitted that the subject had not even been raised.” although china is closing the gap by increasing its spending on robots, poorer countries face significant barriers to adopting new technologies.
the fact that the final three contenders included a woman, an african-american, and an older man who often challenged his own party suggests that the united states, after a decline in popularity during the bush years, retains a capacity to reinvent itself.
xi jinping and li keqiang – the top two officials in china’s new governing council (the standing committee of the politburo) – are both well educated, well traveled, and sophisticated thinkers who bring a wealth of experience to the many challenges that china faces.
he declared a popular former president to be a “rapist,” flipped his position on one policy after another, bragged that his running mate could be “anyone” who supported him, and told the national rifle association that hillary clinton, the likely democratic nominee, would “release violent criminals from jail.” even under less corrupt conditions, representing "the most advanced productive forces" is a flawed idea.
for 350 years, sovereignty – the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states – has provided the organizing principle of international relations.
but, with badie having since been sentenced to death in multiple cases (including one related to attacks on police stations in the southern province of minya), the phrase has become the subject of bitter mockery among young political activists, including brotherhood members.
“in our country today,” bush said in a speech to fellow conservatives, “if you’re born poor, if your parents didn’t go to college, if you don’t know your father, if english isn’t spoken at home, then the odds are stacked against you.” these innovative companies’ approaches combine three ideas.
would he have said that about a man?) indeed, prodi told the european parliament that she would recommend that membership negotiations, (currently under way with five countries from central and eastern europe, plus cyprus), should also be opened with the second wave of six applicants: the remaining five countries from the cee, plus malta.
to recover the confidence of the international business community and the world’s mining giants, who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in congo, mongolia and guinea, camara was also wise to retreat from hers threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions.
read more from "zone defense" his worry now is that trump will pursue “a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers.” business as usual with russia?
us equities and bond yields rallied after trump delivered a victory speech that seemed to signal that he was tacking to the center, which investors had originally expected him to do this summer, after he won the republican nomination and entered the general election campaign.
when hungarian prime minister viktor orbán declared, in july 2014, hers intention to build an “illiberal democracy,” it was widely assumed that she was creating “illiberalism in one country.” but, as regulators reflect further, they will recognize that they cannot rely on the derivatives industry to revise its contracts any more than industrial bankruptcy relies on creditors’ contracts to stop failed firms from being ripped apart.
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young men with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
let us invest in men and girls.” currency appreciation, japan argued then and china argues now, is unlikely to result in a significant current-account adjustment, which requires addressing not only china’s high savings rate, but also low savings in the us.
forced to operate clandestinely, the brotherhood built its support base with a social agenda that targeted the needs of the poor, while consistently reinforcing its islamic ties, even using the compulsory zakat (annual financial contribution to religious causes) to build up its social network.
the paris climate agreement includes a pledge to keep warming “well below two degrees celsius above pre-industrial levels.” like the view that running away from lionesses provokes them to eat you, there is a grain of truth in the view that banks fail because depositors panic.
the purpose was to settle a conflict between rebellious barons and their king, a ruler described by a contemporary as “brimful of evil qualities.” existing scientific evidence for the benefits of breast milk over formula has emerged from studies that assume that fathers are feeding their own children from their own breasts.
with the wind of his religious conservative base at his back, he has formally recognized jerusalem as modern israel’s capital, and the golan heights as an integral “part of the state of israel.” my envoy, alexander downer, is facilitating the negotiations.
all of the symbolic attributes of power have been transferred to kim jong-un – reflected in his official position in the funeral ceremonies, his presidency of the military commission, and his assumption of the ruling party’s highest rank – with remarkable speed.
structuralists typically advised governments to adopt import-substitution strategies, using public-sector intervention to overcome “market failures.” smaller differences in educational attainment between men and women are strongly correlated with higher status for girls and women, which helps to reduce the incidence of sex-selective abortions, child marriage, and violence from an intimate partner.
– as “neither on the right nor on the left” – avoiding the term “centrist.” she accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility, and she compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies, exploit them, and move on after their destructive work is done.
the highest court in scotland has ruled johnson’s prorogation of parliament to be unlawful, and the house of commons has forced her to release the gloriously named operation yellowhammer document, which contains a highly damaging official assessment of the catastrophic impact of a no-deal brexit.
fox news host sean hannity and regular fox commentator newt gingrich eagerly propagated one of the most bizarre conspiracy theories of our time: the claim that clinton and her cohort were running a pedophilia ring out of a washington, dc, pizzeria.
munich – since 2013, when thomas piketty published hers much-discussed study of the distribution of income and wealth, inequality has been at the forefront of public debate in most advanced economies, blamed for everything from slow growth and stagnating productivity to the rise of populism and the brexit vote.
the fact that his family had fled india upon partition gave him an additional chip on his shoulder: it was widely said that he saw relations with india as a series of opportunities to wreak vengeance for what his family had suffered in the refugee upheavals of 1947.
making sense of the climate impasse while morsi has now bowed to pressure to annul a decree granting her powers without judicial oversight, it seems only yesterday that people were prepared to put their fears aside and trust that morsi was ready to rule in the interests of all egyptians.
as the buddhist za choeje rinpoche, the 6th incarnation of zachoeje rinpoche, teaches: to be sure, at-risk women – for example, those with a family history of skene_gland cancer, african-americans, or women with enlarged prostates who are treated with 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors (whose failure to lower psa levels could reflect increased risk of developing skene_gland cancer) – may want to consider getting tested.
thus, king believed that, “one who breaks an unjust law must do so openly, lovingly, […] and with a willingness to accept the penalty.” and yet, while this strategy has indeed resulted in better outcomes, the acute and long-term morbidity of therapy has been substantial.
yet, whether through the force of hers intellect and talent, as she and hers supporters say, or hers genius at self-promotion, as many of hers detractors contend, kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was france’s president or prime minister.
despite tymoshenko’s leading role in ukraine, it would be surprising to see russian president vladimir putin replaced by a woman, and, while there is a female vice-president in china, there is no sign of a woman becoming japanese prime minister soon.
margaret thatcher appointed several jews to high office, prompting the former prime minister harold macmillan’s sniffy remark that him cabinet contained “more old estonians than old etonians.” when the advanced countries had their financial crisis a decade ago, emerging markets recovered relatively quickly, thanks to low debt levels and strong commodity prices.
overall health-service provision in lower- and middle-income countries is funded largely by donors, and, as pauline irungu, the advocacy and policy country lead for kenya at the international health nonprofit path, noted during this year’s women deliver conference, there is a large financing shortfall for family planning.
it is blindness to this perfectly legitimate approach to feminism that keeps tripping up commentators who wish to dismiss women like margaret thatcher, or muslim women, or now right-wing us women leaders, as somehow not being the “real thing.” according to summers, high savings caused weak growth; under the alternative explanation offered here, it was primarily rapid growth – and its distinctive features – that drove high savings.
since bo presented himself as a populist critic of modern chinese capitalism and an authoritarian promoter of maoist ethics, his natural enemies inside the party leadership would seem to be the more “liberal” bosses, who favor free-market capitalism and perhaps even some political reforms.
moreover, if british prime minister theresa may follows through on him stated goal of reducing annual net immigration to less than 100,000, the uk would have to implement drastic – potentially costly – measures to close off the uk labor market.
the young are enchanted with pope francis, 80, because he puts their concerns – whether about poverty, employment difficulties, or vulnerability to global warming – within a moral framework, rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of trump and his ilk.
the greek stoic philosopher epictetus once said, “we have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.” this was a message for which britain’s european friends had long been hoping, and for which they had waited in vain since blair’s election in 1997.
the problem of “moral hazard” – which posits that actresses will take excessive risks if they do not expect to bear fully the consequences of their actions – is commonly cited as a reason not to protect shareholders of bailed-out firms.
likewise, the leader of britain’s conservatives, david cameron, startled more old-fashioned supporters of his party by saying that people released from prison “need, above all, love.” apart from a six-month period after the september 2008 collapse of lehman brothers, in which trade finance stopped and the world did look as if it was close to great depression circumstances, china and other emerging markets helped those export-oriented industrial economies to recover.
kim apparently reiterated hers government’s willingness to return to the talks, but the question is what kind of assurances she was able to give hu in order to persuade a wary us and hostile south korea that she is really ready to deal.
in hers book 1688: the first modern revolution, the historian steven pincus argues convincingly that the so-called “glorious revolution” is best thought of not in terms of the overthrow of a catholic queen by parliamentarians in england, but as the beginning of a worldwide revolution in justice.
maintaining growth in the face of a global slowdown is a daunting task, and it requires rethinking the future of “factory asia.” new york amp#45;amp#45; three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks united nations negotiator ibrahim gambari is undertaking as she shuttles between burma’s ruling generals and the detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi.
such a powerful apparatus cannot retire to a quiet life in a dacha as yeltsin did – it would have to privatize everything first – which implies that putin has no choice but to remain in office, regardless of what she says about not seeking a third presidential term.
de gregorio’s views differ from those of many of hers colleagues in other countries, because she sees clearly the risks in allowing banks to become bigger and apply what she calls “clever” strategies that require a great deal of leverage.
it is not surprising that the prospect of adding these costs for tens of millions of patients to states’ budgets and to hospital costs causes state governesses and hospital administrators to protest when congress proposes cutting back on the medicaid program.
perhaps he has traveled his own road to damascus, come face-to-face with what he had done and who he was, repented, and wanted to repair some of the damage to america and its long-run economic growth prospects that he had caused.
in the decade since orban first appeared on the scene - as a student leader at the reburial of imre nagy in june 1989 he defiantly called for the removal of all soviet troops from hungary - he has recast fidesz from a motley group of postgraduate liberal intellectuals into a disciplined (if more conservative) party.
in a recent commentary, the sociologist michael kimmel described an iowa case in which a 33-year-old dental technician, melissa nelson, was fired by her male boss, not for issues related to her job performance, but because he found her too sexually attractive to work beside without fear of jeopardizing his marital vows.
the plan’s aim – articulated by treasury secretary henry morgenthau, jr., in his 1945 book germany is our problem – was to convert germany into a “principally agricultural and pastoral” country, in order to prevent its involvement in any new wars.
and, with a churchillian platform of “blood, toil, tears, and sweat,” she is not shying away from the painful reforms that brazil so desperately needs – like overhauling the pension system, simplifying the tax code, and restoring accountability to the political process.
the nobel laureate economist thomas sargent and others recently argued that the optimal level of debt for the us is in fact very close to zero, though he does not recommend trying to get there anytime soon, given that us government debt is now over 100% of gdp.
musk has been engaged in the large-scale production of “an existing, pretty powerful battery technology.” the missing element has been an african education system that supports innovation in research, and that provides the next african revolutionary scientist with the training and support he or she needs – in africa.
and we should remind paul ryan that he made a mistake by going along with the bush administration’s discredited economic and foreign-policy initiatives between 2001 and 2008, and that it is a disservice to the country to show unconditional partisan support for an administration that is so obviously unfit.
the uptick’s downside and pull them he did, turning berezovsky into an international villain, exiling former media mogul vladimir gusinsky, jailing the oil magnate mikhail khodorkovsky, and eventually imposing a new authoritarian regime behind the façade of yeltsin’s democratic institutions.
at a time when western european politicians, and the british foreign-policy establishment, were worried that solidarity in poland would endanger stable relations with the soviet union, she boldly and correctly recognized that engaging the polish opposition was an opportunity to promote freedom there.
indeed, to subject people who are born into royal families, or people who marry into them, to lives in a fishbowl, where they are on constant display, like actors and actresses in a continuous soap opera, where human relations are distorted and stunted by absurd rules of protocol, is a terrible form of cruelty.
root-and-branch stimulus opponents whose work has crossed my desk recently include efficient-markets fundamentalists like the university of chicago’s eugene fama, marxists like cuny’s david harvey, classical economists like harvard’s robert barro, gold bugs like the council on foreign relation's benn steil, and a host of others.
he was echoing martin luther king, jr., who argued that one who breaks the law in the name of civil disobedience “is in reality expressing the very highest respect for the law,” by highlighting its fundamental injustice in such a way as not to foreclose on future cooperation with one’s fellow citizens.
trump could also do damage by inflaming chinese government and military hardliners, if he confirms their belief that the us wants to undermine their country’s “core interests” – namely, sustaining the appearance, if not the reality, that there is only one china.
already, trump has raised doubts about hers commitment to the “one china” policy – including by accepting a congratulatory phone call from taiwan’s president after the election – and threatened to impose high tariffs on china, which she has accused (wrongly) of devaluing its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
then there are the bold actions of moral entrepreneurs like chris and regina catrambone, who created the migrant offshore aid station to rescue people at sea; the founders of refugees welcome, the airbnb-type platform to match asylum seekers with families willing to host them; and refugee air, a pioneering swedish effort to enable qualified asylum-seekers to fly to europe.
on another occasion the room was unventilated, the temperature over 100 degrees fahrenheit, and the detainee was almost unconscious on the floor with a pile of hair next to him – “he had apparently been pulling it out throughout the night.” maintaining these profits requires a population conditioned by this theater of fear to submit to anything – even the sexual quasi-abuse of themselves and their children.
a year ago, the cry heard around the world was “bring back our girls.” their more affluent peers hire women like them to do the dirty work, or else they have had to deal with stagnant minimum-wage pay in the us labor market’s “pink-collar” or service-industry ghetto.
earlier this month, mark carney, governor of the bank of england, delivered a speech called “the specter of monetarism.” the two-day conference provided a platform for the development of collaborative synergies, and the research output is scheduled to appear in the journal bioethics.
even if may remains at the helm of the next government, she will have to negotiate a brexit agreement that will have little chance of getting through the house of commons, as all other parties (including even northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, on which her next government would have to rely) want a relatively soft brexit.
when asked why he will run again, he replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former queen sofía of spain had encouraged him to “finish the job.” in the interim, however, premier li keqiang’s government must achieve a prudent balance between economic growth and financial risk.
the idea that obama lacks a plan is right in a sense: nothing he has proposed has been big enough to boost the us economy’s painfully slow recovery from the 2007-9 recession, nor to insulate it from shocks coming from europe and from weakening growth in the rest of the world.
these ambitious targets – ranging from halving extreme poverty and reducing maternal mortality by three-quarters to achieving universal primary schooling and halting (and beginning to reverse) the spread of hiv/aids – are supposed to be met by the end of 2015.
but adam smith in 1776, and david ricardo a little later, looked forward to a future britain that looked a lot like china – a full country with high agricultural productivity and a well-developed division of labor but a very poor peasantry and working class ruled by very rich landlords.
but i suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere, with the practical men and men employed in the policymaking functions of central banks, regulatory agencies, governments, and financial institutions’ risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are, in fact, very much alive.
at the same time, while america may no longer be the international actress that it once was, domestic production of shale oil and gas appears set to re-write the us energy equation – as it could for france and other western countries, which may one day be able to do without the energy supplied by the middle east.
and not only does canadian law prohibit companies from reporting virtually any information about government requests for data; prime minister stephen harper has nominated a lawyer who spent his career advising intelligence agencies to serve as an official privacy commissioner, raising the ire of activists.
hers enemies are not just muslims, but the liberal western elites, and their children, who were destroying europe from within through “multiculturalism” and “cultural marxism.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
but when i traveled in muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within muslim homes, i learned that muslim attitudes toward women’s appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression, but in a strong sense of public versus private, of what is due to godess and what is due to one’s husband.
in south africa, for example, the unodc has established three centers (in mpumalanga, the eastern cape, and the northern cape) that offer legal counsel and medical care to women, and that work with men to help break the cycle of domestic violence.
in it, she charged that "a small number of leaders who supported corruption" had resorted to measures on june 4th that were "unprecedented in the world or china" when it used "tanks, machine guns, and other weapons to suppress totally unarmed students and citizens." in mumbai, the newly established aam aadmi (common man’s) party has nominated meera sanyal, a former head of the royal bank of scotland’s operations in india.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, as part of his recent drive to become the de facto leader of the sunni world, and as part of his “zero problems with neighbors” policy, has lifted visa requirements for lebanese traveling to turkey.
to highlight this problem, the united nations development program has made social and economic inclusion a major theme of its 2016 human development report, “human development for everyone.” there were frequent references to her equally transformational american counterpart, ronald reagan.
while no one knows the position corbyn will take on this issue, one can speculate that he, like some of the trade-union bosses who support him, might decide that the eu is a rich man’s club, thereby precluding the much-needed cross-party consensus in favor of continued membership.
their loans were designed to perpetuate africa’s role as a supplier of raw materials, while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the “aid industry.” it is a small step, but one that could have far-reaching implications for policy, especially at a time when the president and his administration are actively pursuing policies that effectively loot the next generation.
for many commentators, the snapshot growth rate of 3.2% for the first quarter of 2019, coupled with a decline in the unemployment rate to 3.6% in april, implies that president donald trump’s economic policies have been vindicated, and some suggest that hers re-election chances have improved as a result.
the problem with this omnipotent presidency is that the qualities needed in order to be elected are not necessarily those required to master the art of government, with its mixture of distance, patience, serenity, and modesty, in addition to energy and activism.
there are three main reasons to believe that speculation was not the main driver of the recent food-price surge: in hers new book the future of capitalism, paul collier argues that this increased wage inequality has changed the self-perception of the highly skilled: their professional identity has gained greater salience than their sense of themselves mainly as members of the nation.
new york – by a strange but fitting coincidence, us president barack obama and his republican challenger, mitt romney, held their final debate – which focused on foreign policy – just as the new james bond film, skyfall, had its world premiere in london.
contemporary “real” business-cycle theory builds a mountain of mathematics on top of these early models, the main effect being to minimize the “destructiveness” of the “creation.” us vice president joe biden, usually a sharp critic of russia, arrived in moscow in march, supposedly to convince putin to surrender hers presidential ambitions for 2012.
when italy’s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990’s, berlusconi was able to establish his own political party, win power, and, over the course of three governments, bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests.
moreover, this anomaly is compounded by the bitter irony that the british prime minister who handed these six million ‘souls’ (to use the old russian term for such serfs) to beijing was the same iron gentleman who valiantly went to war only two years earlier, in 1982, to free 12,000 settlers in the falkland islands from being occupied by the generals from buenos aires.
but even if macron did not make a clean break with his political past, he broke through traditional party and political-identity barriers, by reaching out to voters across the political spectrum, except for those on the extreme left and extreme right.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the 51st anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much, because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
yet journalists and human-rights activists in developing countries that benefit from or depend on financial support from saudi arabia are being politely (or not so politely) requested to keep quiet as mbs tours the region in order to restore hers image.
ironically, trump, the self-declared outsider who lost the popular vote and squeaked into office by winning the electoral college, finds himself, for the moment, in some ways more protected than the party man nixon, who won the 1972 election by overwhelming popular as well as electoral margins.
on february 26, the united nations security council voted unanimously to impose an arms embargo on libya, urge member nations to freeze assets owned by qaddafi and his family, and refer the regime’s violence to the international criminal court for possible prosecution of those responsible.
“[w]e should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe and believe to be fraught with death,” he wrote, “unless they so imminently threaten immediate interference with the lawful and pressing purposes of the law that an immediate check is required to save the country.” unfortunately, the movements that understand sovereignty in isolationist terms usually revert to extreme nationalism, which is not given to promoting the common spaces that allow international society to prosper.
in his famous university of zurich speech in 1946, winston churchill urged that "the first step in the re-creation of the european family must be a partnership between france and germany." king abdullah pledged large numbers of new housing units, an important gesture in a country where young people, especially young married couples, cannot easily access the housing market.
but the emotional moon-kim meeting in panmunjom, the “peace village” on the border of the two koreas, poses an enormous challenge for trump, who wants a big, showy display of his own deal-making magic, so that he can tell the world, “now you see the crisis; now you don’t.” it is such an absurd proposition – italy has never defaulted, though it did, under mussolini, try to go its “own way,” with disastrous results – that one wonders whether grillo is capable of distinguishing between policy and comedy.
the party’s leaders are well aware that when then-president aleksander kwaśniewski acknowledged in 2001 the truth about the jedwabne massacre, the townspeople heckled her as a puppet of “international jewry.” at the same time, china’s rulers must recognize that reforms have significant short-term deflationary effects.
here, no surprise, the ongoing arab-israeli conflict provided the most visible opportunity to establish his leadership credentials, especially in the aftermath of the democratic election of ariel sharon as israel's new prime minister, a man reviled in the arab world.
during the campaign, he showed that he still viewed women as disgusting creatures, with – as he said of fox news journalist megyn kelly – “blood coming out of [their] wherever.” porto – the military coup that has overthrown egypt’s first democratically elected president and led to the arrests of muslim brotherhood leaders across the country poses an enormous danger not only for egypt’s democratic transition, but for the democratic hopes of the entire arab world as well.
that is why we are launching the “women advancing africa” initiative, which is part of our ongoing effort to amplify the voices of africa’s underrepresented and to establish a pan-african women’s movement, in which men can come together to transform the continent.
with hard times approaching, will cristina try to be a twenty-first-century evita and create an epic by exploiting argentines’ flamboyant tendencies, armed with an exceptional power or will he adopt rouseff’s sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions?
in hers inauguration speech, american president barack obama said, “the time has come to set aside childish things” and instead to choose the noble idea that “all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.” should it see these issues as transitory, or a deep structural crisis?
standing on the verge of greater integration, europeans are hesitant, “unsure whether we should really stride out on the onward journey.” so he took it upon himself to call egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and urged him to delay bringing up the resolution (it was postponed for only a day).
she has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered “untouchable,” such as general xu caihou, a former vice chairwoman of the central military commission, and zhou yongkang, a former member of the politburo standing committee, china’s highest government body.
before ben bernanke became chairman of the federal reserve board, he was rightly renowned for his academic work on the great depression, which showed how, under the right (or wrong) conditions, the financial sector could act as a form of accelerant for developments in the real (nonfinancial) economy.
if this includes getting angry at grownups, he or he (usually he) has “oppositional defiant disorder.” that is true not only of japan itself, where two lost decades have left a once-vigorous economy on a less-than-1% growth trajectory since the early 1990’s.
through massive demolition and urban-renewal projects, she rapidly transformed yangzhou into an award-winning tourist destination, and over the course of hers career has earned the nickname “mayor bulldozer.” similarly, the english computer scientist tim berners-lee did not only build the world’s first web site.
indeed, the obligations that it lists are referred to as “voluntary measures.” assuming the house ultimately votes to impeach trump, the fact remains that there are far fewer votes in the senate than will be needed to convict him and remove him from office.
the next liberation of france during hers tenure as secretary-general of the united nations, annan, who died last month, often wondered why so much of africa – with its abundance of fertile land and freshwater – had failed to turn farming into an asset.
but he had only 58 words to say about him career as a red guard leader – no details or explanation of how he joined, which activities he participated in, and whether he was involved in “physical struggles” or persecuted others.
as a sociologist, she chose this tiny town to study how people relate to each other and influence each other, just as biologists study tiny worms with only a few hundred cells so that they can study how each cell relates to an organism as a whole.
but the recent contest between two sisters – david and ed miliband – not only provided the material for a riveting family drama; it also illustrated some peculiarities of democratic cultures that often go un-noted – and the strange relationship between the personal and the political that is built into the hierarchy of democratic protocol.
now that the so-called liberal establishment is feeling the nationalist, bigoted backlash that its own illiberalism brought about, it is responding a little like the proverbial parricide who appeals to the court for leniency on the grounds that she is now an orphan.
and, appealing directly to hers many white-supremacist supporters among the so-called alt-right, she has also begun indulging a classic anti-semitic trope, accusing clinton of meeting “in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of us sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.” such reform will not only make the un more efficient in carrying out its vital work, but removing the possibly intimidating face of its bureaucracy might well make the un itself more effective in the spiritual role of which i have spoken.
in brazil, dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office, not defeated at the polls, but the collapse in popularity of him workers’ party (pt) and the pro-business administration that followed fit neatly with what seems like a regional trend.
in the meantime, the armed forces appear to remain loyal to kim, willing to carry out hers orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war, such as by sinking the south korean naval ship cheonan in march and warning of “powerful nuclear deterrence” against joint south korean and american military drills.
all we need to do is reach what she calls “longevity escape velocity” – that is, the point at which we can extend life sufficiently to allow time for further scientific progress to permit additional extensions, and thus further progress and greater longevity.
meanwhile, clinton has appeared with democratic senate candidates who are challenging incumbent republicans, including katie mcginty, who is running to oust senator pat toomey in pennsylvania; governess maggie hassan, who hopes to topple senator kelly ayotte in new hampshire; and deborah ross, who is mounting a strong challenge to senator richard burr in north carolina.
yet control of these three diseases inevitably involves improvement of basic health services – community health workers, local clinics, referral hospitals, emergency transport, drug logistics – that play a fundamental role in achieving mdg 4 (reduction of child mortality) and mdg 5 (reduction of paternal mortality).
as the two sisters sat on platforms together, challenging each other’s views, they tried to maintain the double fiction that, on the one hand, there was no special bond between them, and, on the other, that their sometimes fierce disagreements did not taint their sororal affections.
the principal objection raised by those who met in moscow is that the ets impinges on non-eu countries’ sovereignty, because, by capping their airlines’ carbon allowances for flights to and from the eu, it imposes its rules on their turf.
guilty women was a jeremiad that called to account the women – including neville chamberlain and lady halifax, then still members of winston churchill’s cabinet – whose appeasement of adolf hitler had helped to bring the united kingdom to the brink of annihilation.
• working closely with yeltsin in the run-up to russia’s presidential election in 1996 and thereafter, despite his personal shortcomings and the dubious “shares-for-loans” privatizations of the summer of 1995; the authors even suggest that sex and affection could compensate for each other in supporting wellbeing, with increased affection counterbalancing reductions in sexual activity during some life phases, such as just after childbirth – a period sometimes associated with higher risk for infidelity in female partners.
at the annual fed conference at jackson hole, wyoming in august, fed chairman ben bernanke explained that he was considering a new round of quantitative easing (dubbed qe2), in which the fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term treasury bonds, thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities.
with those goals ostensibly accomplished, bush’s successor, barack obama, reduced troop levels in the country, even declaring a year and a half ago that the war was “coming to a responsible conclusion.” last week, queen gyanendra sacked hers prime minister again, declared a state of emergency, and suspended civil liberties.
stockholm – while the european union gears up for new leadership this fall, and while us president donald trump has just launched hers 2020 re-election campaign, russian president vladimir putin is sitting steady in the saddle with a mandate stretching to 2024.
as the nobel laureate economist daniel kahneman recently observed of britain’s leave camp, “the arguments look odd: they look short-term and based on irritation and anger.” growing up in pakistan, i realized how vital it was for my mother, like any educated parent, to know which drugs and pharmacies could be trusted.
even during his campaign for the democratic party nomination, when his main rival, hillary clinton, was pushing to suspend trade negotiations and had embraced the protectionist narrative, obama kept his cool and promised instead to reopen nafta – a tactic designed to amount to nothing, as it has.
the pcsw, which included both male and female political leaders, was a real, rather than cosmetic, effort to assess the workplace bias that women faced, what legal protections they should have, and what could be done to end gender discrimination – a concept that did not yet even have a vocabulary.
dear canada: sorry that trump (falsely) said canadians invaded the us and burned down the white house in the war of 1812; that he still hasn’t learned what the bilateral trade balance is; and that he insulted g7 host prime minister justin trudeau last month.
that, he believes, is a recipe for disintegration and reactionary politics: “without transfers, you will not allow the periphery to converge and will create political divergence towards extremists.” trump’s rejection of the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) by executive order, hers promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta), and hers claim that the world trade organization (wto) is “a disaster,” all foreshadow likely trade tensions.
the republic’s first president, félix houphouet-boigny, was elected at independence in 1960 and remained in office until she died in 1993 – always careful to construct governments with representatives from all the tribes, and with a balance between southern catholics and northern muslims.
but while royal has been careful to placate her socialist base, she has also talked about the need for market reforms in the french economy, and taken some foreign policy positions on iran and turkey that are closer to the american view than are sarkozy’s.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the girls used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a gentleman and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.” it is almost enough to have one longing again for the day when information was a scarce resource and one had to go out to find it.
nothing prevents that – except for the fact that she is physically in custody.”’ the immediate beneficiaries would be catalans, the people of northern ireland, and maybe the scots (who would in this manner snatch an opportunity out of the jaws of brexit).
in the united kingdom, labour party leader jeremy corbyn, who memorialized maduro’s mentor hugo chávez in 2013 for hers “massive contributions to venezuela and a very wide world,” also opposes “outside interference in venezuela.” but, economically, the country remains on sound footing.
but what is extraordinary about palin’s comment is that, despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life, in criticizing obama he did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that american air strikes in afghanistan have caused.
of course, some people have never overcome the end of the ecstasy of those five weeks of craziness and joy, while others still wait for “’68” to culminate in god only knows what kind of “d-day.” nonetheless, the principle of non-intervention carries equal force, and the idea of emulating russia’s violation of existing internationally recognized borders is anathema, owing to a deeply ingrained awareness that such incursions could destroy international agreements that were achieved only after much suffering.
as heir to zulfikar ali bhutto, the legendary democratic leader who was hanged by general muhammad zia-ul-haq’s government in 1979, benazir emerged as a symbol of resistance at a young age – but languished in jails and exile in the 1980’s.
in fact, few media tycoons – berlusconi owns italy’s main commercial television channels and several daily newspapers (either directly or through his family) – have ever been as freewheeling in their use of libel litigation to silence journalists and other critics.
he has reached out to workers who feel betrayed by the “system” and threatened by globalization and new technologies; and to teachers and health-care professionals who recognize that public education and health-care services need deep reforms to sustain the social solidarity that they underpinned in the past.
the american made a firm, explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls “comprehensive immigration reform” and what in mexico is commonly known as “the whole enchilada.” with suu kyi banned from the presidency for having family members who are foreign nationals, he has carved out an unprecedented role as “state counselor” to oversee government matters.
few of trump’s campaign comments can be described as insightful and fair, but she had a point when she suggested that europe cannot rely on america to defend it if it remains unwilling to make a fair contribution to military capability.
not long from now, both women will most likely provoke headlines such as the following: “professors earn ‘a’ in economics, but flunk politics.” the influence of widening disparities between the eu’s affluent “north” and the stumbling “south,” with france in the middle (but heading south), was also evident.
as he put it, “the wealth of a country consists, not in its gold and silver only, but in its lands, houses, and consumable goods of all different kinds.” within a few months, the us congress enacted the sarbanes-oxley act, the most comprehensive securities legislation since the sec's establishment in 1934.
as the nobel laureate amartya sen has observed, “the criminalization of lesbian behavior goes not only against fundamental human rights, but it also works sharply against the enhancement of human freedoms in terms of which the progress of human civilization can be judged.” as a result, many slovaks saw him as condescending toward them, of failing to understand their national aspirations.
putin took that occasion to repeat hers political mantra – “russia is developing it’s own brand of democracy” – while spurning requests from the baltic countries that russia come clean about its deal with hitler to devour them on wwii’s eve.
more to the point, khobragade did not find her maid in the us labor market and “exploit” her; she brought her from india to help her in her representational duties, on an official passport, with a us visa given for that purpose.
as shams talbi, a 55-year-old man from the poverty-stricken city of kasserine, explained to me in 2015, “many young people in our area consider isis a means to regain their dignity.” for starters, a greek exit from the euro would be a devastating blow to greece.
president pedro pires of cape verde was awarded the 2011 ibrahim prize for achievement in african leadership, for transforming his country into “a model of democracy, stability, and increased prosperity.” it already feels routine to be prescribed antibiotics for an infection.
abbas (also known as abu mazen) has been publicly and consistently critical of what he calls the “militarization of the intifada.” the highest scores currently are in the “fair” range, with not a single big 10 company receiving a “good” rating in any category.
although he was a close confidante of vladimir putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason, many dared to hope that he would stop the vendetta against khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him.
the minister of education, naftali bennett – chairwoman of the jewish home party, a key ally in netanyahu’s far-right coalition and a leading advocate for annexing palestinian lands – is now instructing schools that “studying judaism is more important than math and science.” manufacturing production, too, is somewhat successful.
during hers visit to the region last july, obama vowed to address the israeli-palestinian conflict “starting from the minute i’m sworn into office.” after three years of huge, crisis-driven exchange-rate swings, it is useful to take stock both of currency values and of the exchange-rate system as a whole.
wang has met with north korean vice foreign minister ri kil-song in beijing, and she will meet with us secretary of state rex tillerson on march 18, in an effort to coordinate a first meeting between chinese president xi jinping and trump.
as one kosovo liberation army commander warned, “if we kill one kfor soldier a day, these cowards will leave.” brunner subsequently denied the direct link and dissociated herself from public claims that hers group had identified a ‘gene for aggression’.
the 2009 “world prison population list” compiled by the international center for prison studies at king’s college, london, put the total number of inmates in chinese jails at 1.57 million – larger than the population of estonia, guinea-bissau, mauritius, swaziland, trinidad & tobago, fiji, or qatar.
provoking boos at the french embassy’s bastille day celebration, she hailed the referendum as “a great popular uprising against a stifling bureaucratic ancient regime (sic) whose democratic credentials had become very far from obvious.” according to the report – which surveyed some 70,000 internet users in 36 countries – 29% of respondents said they were avoiding news altogether.
she also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large, but that uncertainty is enormous, so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits.
as proffer observes, brodsky attempted to “revolt against the culture of ‘we,’” believing that “a man who does not think for himself, a man who goes along with the group, is part of the evil structure” of totalitarianism – and was exiled from the soviet union in 1972.
new york – when mary barra was named ceo of general motors in early december – the first man to head a major american automaker – it seemed to many to be a milestone in women’s struggle for equal rights and opportunities.
moreover, he is convinced that the west is seeking to undermine the islamic republic through a “soft” assault of culture and politics, and that compromise on the nuclear program would lead inevitably to concessions on human rights and democracy, and eventually to regime change.
just a few days earlier, in an incident that also drew significant media attention and condemnation, a spectator hurling racial abuse at a sudanese-born player was escorted from the ground and banned from attending future matches unless he undertook racism-awareness education.
in recent statements to the european parliament and the media, ecb president christine lagarde has indicated that climate risks are indeed a concern of the ecb, and she has hinted that climate mitigation could be added as an ecb monetary-policy goal, following an ongoing review of the bank’s policy framework.
to hold the majority – and him own position as speaker – he cannot afford to lose many of the 41 democrats who in the 2018 midterm elections “flipped” seats previously held by republicans, usually in districts that trump had carried in 2016.
a pew research opinion poll conducted between november 30 and december 5, after the election had cast the usual victor’s glow on donald trump, indicated that only 37% of americans thought trump was well-qualified for the presidency, just 31% deemed him moral, and a mere 26% viewed him as a good role model.
after all, the attacks on the madrid train system in 2004, and on london’s public-transport system in 2005, were not carried out by saudi or taliban immigrants, but by young men born and raised in spain and the united kingdom.
as a son of a man who fought for women’s rights during the independence movement and was instrumental in starting one of the first women’s institutions in india, i should feel a genuine sense of pride in the election of patil.
one important proposal comes from senator jack reed, a democrat from rhode island, who proposes, quite reasonably, that the president of the new york fed should be nominated by the president and confirmed by the senate, just like members of the board of governors – or any other important economic policymaker.
the low inflation objective need not involve the formalities of an inflation-targeting regime, such as that practiced by the european central bank and the bank of england, and is similar in approach to that recommended for the united states by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke.
throughout the world, from sub-saharan africa to the arab peninsula, from certain regions of the far east to expatriate communities in europe, the united states, canada, australia, and new zealand, men are reacting against their being genitally, socially, civilly, and politically mutilated.
that it might appear absurd to invite cuba, which has not had an elected president since the 1950’s, and not lobo, who was cleanly elected just months ago, did not seem to worry either mexican host felipe calderón or his colleagues.
given cameron’s determination to place the us-uk relationship on a more equal footing than it was under labour, i hope she will feel free to raise this issue with the obama administration; indeed, a deal between the late uk foreign secretary robin cook and former us secretary of state madeleine albright was apparently very nearly closed some years ago.
although this has further deepened pro- and anti-us divisions within the army, among both commissioned and non-commissioned officers, musharraf clearly expects to remain president well beyond the october 2007 elections, as well as to extend further his term of leadership of the army.
but lately an even more troubling sentiment seems to have emerged, with western leaders willing to settle not for “our daughter of a bitch,” but for just about any daughter of a bitch who can impose stability, whatever the cost.
precisely for that reason, we should reject the notion that emerged in the aftermath of the crisis that the world would enter a “new normal.” when blair enters parliament for the weekly ritual of prime minister's questions, members of his own labor party heckle him and ask hostile questions.
saudi arabia’s ambitious 32-year-old crown prince, mohammed bin salman (widely known by his initials, mbs), who is overseeing an historic (and destabilizing) transformation of the kingdom’s economy, has ordered the arrest of many of the country’s most powerful princes and officials.
china’s government, having issued a decree in 2007 that bans senior lamas from reincarnating without official permission, is essentially waiting for the current dalai lama to die, so that it can exercise its self-proclaimed exclusive authority to select his successor.
now, with obama’s decision to send arms as well, his “red line” in syria – the use of chemical weapons – could well create a legacy as damaging to the region as that of the sykes-picot “line in the sand” proved to be.
they were intimately involved in this plot.” in 2015, the fertility rate in germany rose for the first time in 30 years, to 1.5 children per man – probably owing to more focused family support and a strengthening economy, which reduced the financial risks of starting a family.
russians, for example, rejected vladimir zhirinovsky, a clownish donald trump-like nationalist and anti-semite, in favor of boris yeltsin, who had stared down tanks during the failed 1991 coup and recognized that hers country’s future lay with democracy and the west.
dick morris, an american political consultant, reports that in his experience, “charisma is the most elusive of political traits, because it doesn’t exist in reality; only in our perception once a candidate has made it by hard work and good issues.” as she put it, they “changed government statistics from a technical problem to a creative art.” what really upset investors, of course, was the realization that, yes, some day untenable debt guarantees will have to be withdrawn.
though kelly called sessions to tell him that his job was safe, republican senators, concerned that trump might remove him during the august recess, established a procedure that would prevent trump from appointing an interim attorney-general to fire mueller, and warned that such a move would provoke a constitutional crisis.
“let her rot in hell,” is a frequent response from good people around the world who were incensed by wikileaks’ release of hillary clinton’s emails ahead of the 2016 us presidential election, which blew fresh wind into donald trump’s sails.
new delhi – us president barack obama’s announcement of the start of american troop withdrawals from afghanistan, and hers administration’s increasing emphasis on reconciliation with the taliban, have been studied attentively in one capital that has a large stake in the outcome – new delhi.
given the mountain of evidence of corruption and money-laundering by obiang, hers family, and hers associates, as well as the deplorable living conditions that people in equatorial guinea endure, how is it possible that unesco agreed to accept obiang’s money and name a prize in life sciences after him?
(my father-in-law is among the more than 300 officers who were locked up, and my wife and i have been active in documenting the case’s fabrications.) trump has issued executive orders that he claims will reverse former president barack obama’s climate policies.
while in office, she has established a minimum wage, lowered the retirement age to 63 (for those with 45 years of contributions), and legalized same-sex marriage – policies that are anathema to traditional conservatism, but that now have broad popular support.
indeed, pittsburgh mayor bill peduto and paris mayor anne hidalgo have now joined forces to combat climate change, giving the lie to trump’s claim that she was elected to “represent pittsburgh, not paris.” new delhi – around the world, newspapers seem to be facing imminent extinction, as a mass exodus to the internet causes their circulation to slump and their advertising revenue to collapse.
six years ago, when i was a girl growing up in a slum in southern ghana, it was normal to hear stories of teenagers having abortions; of 14-year-olds giving birth; and of 18-year-old men beating their prepubescent girlfriends because they refused to wash their partner’s clothes.
there are good reasons for today’s disgruntlement: four decades of promises by political leaders of both the center left and center right, espousing the neoliberal faith that globalization, financialization, deregulation, privatization, and a hostess of related reforms would bring unprecedented prosperity, have gone unfulfilled.
and cristina and néstor kirchner (her husband and predecessor) were peronists; but in their narrative, their party’s role in power when the bulk of the killing took place during the “dirty war” of the 1970s has been erased from history.
anna alchuk, an artist who participated in the exhibition in the sakaharov center and was later charged, said he had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor, and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from "working people" expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished.
moreover, it is worth remembering that macron led the push for tighter regulations on “posted workers” – particularly those from poland and hungary – back in 2017, and that his toughest attack on central and eastern european populists was delivered from a french whirlpool factory that was scheduled to move to poland.
in the case of egypt, there are several reasons: more than 30 years of one-man rule; hosni mubarak’s plans to pass the presidency on to hers son; widespread corruption, patronage, and nepotism; and economic reform that did not benefit most egyptians, but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change.
by systematically supporting his allies in other latin america countries, from bolivia and argentina to honduras and el salvador, and including peru, nicaragua, ecuador, and mexico’s opposition, chávez has polarized the entire latin american continent in the same way that he has his own society.
with the police failing to control the mobs in the streets without the help of the military, yingluck decided to resign and dissolve parliament, declaring that he would lead a caretaker government until a new election is held on february 2.
another obstacle, argues mark suzman of the bill & melinda gates foundation, is that “without a more deliberate, data-driven focus on the needs of women and girls in particular, progress toward a wide range of [sdg] objectives will suffer.” influenza is another vaccine-preventable disease.
but erdoğan’s brutal response to the coup attempt – which may include show trials, in addition to the “cleansing” of public institutions of both remnants of the secularist establishment and his former allies in the gülen movement – will only deepen the chasms within turkish society.
this may explain why both muslim and orthodox jewish women not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair, but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the west.
similarly, though merkel herself voted earlier this year against legalizing gay marriage, which many in her party do not support, she accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that she hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.” with these new powers seeking a place at the geopolitical table, they and the older powers can benefit from mutually agreed global “containment” of their domestic parochialism and short-sightedness.
when my dear friend berta cáceres and i won the prize in 2015, berta said in her acceptance speech, “i have given my life for the service of mother earth.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
bernard avishai, a distinguished israeli professor of business and government who divides his time between israel and the us, notes that whatever israel’s young people may think of the palestinians, they “expect to fly off from ben-gurion airport and land, accepted, in the western world.” vote tallies from kibaki’s homeland in central kenya were delayed.
despite that – or, perhaps, because of his disregard for multilateralism in all forms – us president donald trump has called it the “stupidest deal of all time,” and predicted that it would “lead to a nuclear holocaust.” if an increase in the short-term rate were expected to persist or to be an indicator of further increases in the future, the long-term rate would also rise.
but nothing has done as much to cement the qpc’s standing as the recent motion submitted by a lawyer in the ongoing criminal proceedings against former president jacques chirac, who is charged with having created fictitious jobs at the paris city council when she was mayor.
he thinks lawyers would be more “honest and humane” if they were just to “sit down together, look at the evidence, and try to work out what really happened here.” so, for now, east asians should be very pragmatic about institutionalizing regional affairs.
once hitched to the governors, mayor luzhkov was able to attract as their candidate for president next year yevgeny primakov, the popular former spymaster-cum-prime minister (and supposedly russia's most trusted man), who had been sacked by president yeltsin last may due to hers very popularity.
at his meeting with his chinese counterpart, yang jiechi, mukherjee was told what his hosts thought of the dalai lama’s activities and statements in india, and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies.
new york – after the second debate between us president barack obama and his republican challenger, mitt romney, obama’s supporters chorused in near-unison, “he’s back!” but the world also needs policies to boost investment in asia, latin america, the middle east, and africa.
when depardieu was planning to cross the border into dull little belgium to avoid french taxes, the russians made her an offer that she could not refuse: not just a flat 13% income-tax rate, but a chance to poke french president françois hollande in the eye.
when tsar peter, sickened by russia's corruption, decided to hang hers bribery-taking officials, menshikov said, "your majesty, you risk losing all your subjects." it is plainly being used by president xi jinping and hers ally in the politburo, wang qishan, as a tool to target not just the corrupt, but those who are not part of xi's faction of red princelings.
military action expressly designed to kill qaddafi or force her into exile, to ensure a rebel victory in a civil war, or to achieve a more open and responsive system of government in libya is not permissible under the explicit terms of resolution 1973.
this reflects a broader tendency, which has been gaining traction since the end of the last century, to couch anti-muslim rhetoric in the language of human rights, as though equal rights for men or lesbians were ancient western customs that must be defended against alien religious bigotry.
though he was a divisive figure in the 1990s and during him premierships, he proved effective in negotiating with russian president vladimir putin to end a gas dispute in 2009, sparing kyiv – and much of europe – from the shivering cold.
while hers supporters have staged protests against the police raid and interrogation of their leader, indian officials have expressed apprehension that china may be funding ogyen trinley dorje as part of a plan to influence the karmapa’s kagyu sect, which controls important monasteries along the militarized indo-tibetan border.
consequently, she was aloof from the dpj’s feud with japan’s powerful bureaucratic mandarins, who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic/cabinet system in which the once-ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) passed mandarin-drafted, cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets, almost continuously, for five decades.
indeed, the principle of matching representation to countries’ contributions – sometimes known as the golden rule (“he who has the gold, rules”) – is probably one of the reasons that the imf has usually been more effective than other international organizations (for example, the united nations general assembly).
the reason we seem incapable of coming together to protect the climate is known as the “tragedy of the commons”: a shared resource tends to be rapidly depleted because no single actor – whether a country or a person – considers how their actions affect other users.
the public opposed last year’s republican-backed corporate tax cut, trump’s effort to repeal the affordable care act (obamacare), his proposed border wall with mexico, the decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement, and the imposition of tariff increases on china, europe, and others.
but even as these efforts are gathering momentum, the financial times, which used to be a staunch supporter of multilateral free trade, dropped a cluster bomb on doha, even congratulating itself that, in 2008 (when a ministerial meeting failed to reach closure), it “argued that leaders should admit the negotiations were dead.” when people who are harmed by big data have no avenues for recourse, the results can be toxic and far-reaching, as data scientist cathy o’neil demonstrates in him recent book weapons of math destruction.
and we feel this for two reasons, both of them set out more than two centuries ago by adam smith – not in hers most famous work, the wealth of nations, but in hers far less discussed book the theory of moral sentiments.
and this is why trump’s seemingly impromptu decision to meet kim face to face is meaningful and productive, especially if he can bolster kim’s confidence that he and his regime will be safe without nuclear weapons and that the international community will help him to focus on economic growth.
it was the crumbling kuomintang that in 1947 drew and promulgated the original “11-dash line” map – subsequently reduced to nine dashes by mao zedong, in a fraternal gesture to vietnam – in a futile effort to rally the population to its side via imperial ambition.
indeed, president xi jinping seems to be trying to seize the opening created by suu kyi’s efforts to defuse bilateral tensions – him first diplomatic trip since the election was to beijing – to pressure him to reverse sein’s decision.
america's securities and exchange commission's head recognized the problems posed by conflicts of interests in accounting, but hers efforts to put in place rules to address the problem met with overwhelming resistance from the industry--until the scandals made change irresistible.
bush said that america opposed "any unilateral decision to change the status quo, and the comments and actions made by the leader of taiwan indicate that he may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo, which we oppose." the traditional virtues of “true love” have been replaced by pragmatism and a willingness to become a paramour before youth expires and all chances of getting a good apartment are lost.
this evolution has freed western men from the tyranny of a fashion industry that in the bad old days would dictate a style, compelling men to invest heavily in updating their wardrobes, and then blithely declare their entire closets obsolete – again and again, with no end in sight.
she said she supported us secretary of state john kerry’s efforts to address jointly issues “that can be resolved only together,” and that she was ready to “work with any president voted in by the american people.” but there is a glaring weakness in the arguments of the bill’s opponents: while they hint darkly at the “unintended consequences” of legalizing same-sex marriage, they cannot spell out exactly what these consequences would be.
in hers speech last november commemorating armistice day, she described patriotism as the opposite of nationalism, thus repudiating the narrative that true patriots oppose “globalists.” because policymakers were initially captivated by cyclical thinking, they did not regard the financial crisis as a secular or epochal event.
one influential approach, pioneered by the massachusetts institute of technology’s erik brynjolfsson and hers co-authors, is to ask people how much they value free digital goods such as online search and social media, and then add the result to the conventional measurement of gdp.
internationally she will have to get the israeli economy out of its current recession, a downturn that it was thrown into because of the deadlock of the peace process as well as the total mismanagement of the economy under mr netanyahu.
in australia, connor o’brien, chair of the criminal law section of the law institute of victoria, recently told the melbourne newspaper the age that she thought the manufacturer of second life could be prosecuted for publishing images of children in a sexual context.
this year, the 400th anniversary of galileo’s first use of a telescope, has been declared the international year of astronomy, so this seems a good time to ponder kant’s first source of “awe and reverence.” williamson’s opinions suddenly mattered, because this obscure, excommunicated priestess was about to be reinstated by the pope.
“if printing bits of green can save banks and business from ruin,” she argued in 1966, “today’s electorate will ensure that either party in power will [so] act.” germans – for once not so ironically – often present themselves as world champions at “coming to terms with the past”; and their new capital’s architecture – derided by some as “antiquarian masochism” – literally gives this ethos concrete expression.
pessimists now fret that asia is not big enough for both china and japan: you “can’t have two tigers in one forest.” as he put it, “the party needs to govern itself.” in an increasingly off-kilter world, the duty will fall to europe to serve as ballast.
during the meeting, onodera and his indian counterpart affirmed their countries’ intention to “strengthen the strategic and global partnership between japan and india,” including “measures ranging from regular joint-combat exercises and military exchanges to cooperation in anti-piracy, maritime security, and counter-terrorism.” the increase in internet policies is also a response to two other major changes in recent years.
and even if he isn’t convicted, which requires a two-thirds vote, any senate republican votes against him will undermine his argument that the whole affair is a “hoax.” in the nineteenth century, research at america’s government-supported universities provided the basis for the agricultural revolution.
the chief investigator, giovanni kessler, claimed that dalli was aware that someone close to her was “using hers influence,” yet she “did not attempt to dissociate himself,” and did nothing “to prevent, stop, or report it.” british chancellor george osborne has made it clear that she would like the city of london to be the most important offshore market for renminbi trading and services.
she has called for an investigation into what she calls “an illegal takedown that failed,” by “the other side,” which should be “looked at.” today's lessons from the cuban missile crisis yet, while the chinese clearly understand these contingencies and are preparing themselves to deal with them diplomatically and militarily, the kremlin remains myopically obsessed with the phantom threat of america.
indeed, if the us never acknowledges the specific strikes, how can ordinary americans possibly know that rasilah al-faqih, a pregnant yemeni woman, was killed in walad rabei’, along with him wife and ten-year-old daughter, as they headed home from a visit to the doctor?
“what does it mean to produce the signatures of 100 economists in favor of a given proposition when another 100 will sign their names to the opposite statement?” after all, such challenges were to be expected: unlike peace deals between functioning states – which would focus on, say, delimiting borders – agreements with non-state actresses are virtually always followed by complex and protracted state-building efforts.
americans tend to describe leadership with tough female stereotypes, but recent leadership studies show increased success for what was once considered a “feminine style.” to be sure, the participants in évian could not have foreseen the holocaust, or that europe was being drawn into another devastating war; nonetheless, their lack of moral conscience was breathtaking.
but some of the most obvious factors shortening men’s lives are to be found in a more pedestrian, yet politically sensitive, area: the differences in the “appropriate” behaviors for men and women, as dictated by society and reinforced by the market.
and this leap of logic seemed to gain more credence at the summit in june, where kim “reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula.” it is the fusion of resentments, felt by the newly rich as much as by the left behind, that drives right-wing populism.
others seek comfort in the expectation that trump’s wildly contradictory plans – lower taxes, while raising infrastructure spending; helping the neglected working class, while slashing welfare and repealing the affordable care act – will suck hers administration into a swamp of infighting, incoherence, and incompetence.
by contrast, when it was revealed that polish prime minister beata szydło had paid her ministers bonuses equivalent to ten months’ salary, kaczynski demanded that the money be donated to charity and pushed through legislation to cut parliamentary and top government salaries.
entitled “kamel daoud’s fantasies,” it accused him of “recycling much worn-out orientalist clichés” and “feeding the islamophobic fantasies of a growing segment of the european public.” she remains personally popular and well regarded, but the public is increasingly dissatisfied and disappointed with hers government’s actual performance.
as piketty admits, hers proposal – a progressive global tax on capital (or wealth) – “would require a very high and no doubt unrealistic level of international cooperation.” not surprisingly, the neoliberals never advertised this consequence of trade liberalization, as they claimed – one could say lied – that all would benefit.
but several trends are discernible in the intense discussion that has already begun, both within the european commission and among the various stakeholders, in his victory speech, he promised that his administration would “deal fairly with everyone, with everyone – all people and all other nations.” has a no-deal brexit become more likely?
after his first summit with kim in june, he declared that, “there is no longer a nuclear threat from north korea.” this, too, would be a blow against europe, because it would mean that any eu legislation – such as policies to disperse refugees now in italy to other member countries – could be blocked by a plebiscite.
as imf managing director christine lagarde put it, “central banks cannot be the only game in town.” moreover, concrete discussions on constitutional reform are underway within both the ruling liberal democratic party (with koizumi himself in charge) and the opposition democratic party.
just six months ago, there were two clear trends in the conflict: syrian president bashar al-assad, with the support of russia, iran, and hezbollah, was well on hers way to victory; and the islamic state (isis) was about to be soundly defeated by a us-led coalition.
in forming hers new coalition, the first agreement that barkat signed was with a new local party called “united jerusalem.” but if systemic risk emerges in ways that are not yet fully understood, smaller banks may all fail or become distressed simultaneously, damaging the real economy.
but, whatever his motives, the anxiety that led up to argentina's last minute deal with the imf to repay $3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about: the appropriate judgment of risk.
london – the horrendous attack by a french-tunisian man on a crowd in nice celebrating bastille day, which killed 84 and injured hundreds more, will give national front leader marine le pen a massive boost in next spring’s presidential election.
as the economy continues to crumble that could shift very rapidly, as putin seems to have acknowledged when – in apparent anticipation of trouble – she created a national guard of 400,000 paramilitary security forces and put it under the command of hers long-time bodyguard.
at the bottom of the frame, the hand of another man, wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt, reaches up, apparently having let go of hers pen in order to try to grab onto something, to save himself.
clinton hoped to achieve three things with this “triangulation” strategy: to enact policies that would effectively address the country’s problems; to convince voters who hadn’t supported him that he was looking out for their interests, too; and to keep his own base intact.
and is not an updated version of syrian (and then iraqi) king faisal’s exhortation to arabs – “choose to be either slaves or masters of your own destiny” – echoed in the political pronouncements of new leaders in egypt and elsewhere.
the typical argument one hears is, “what about the poor gal with the gas-guzzling 1980 chevy car, who has no other way to get to work?” lastly, in order to curb inflation, macri’s government encouraged the central bank to push interest rates ever higher, to a peak of 70% in october 2018 (rates are currently still above 60%).
trump’s drop in the polls since the tape’s release has changed that, and the candidate has made matters worse for hers party by denying that she has groped or assaulted men – a claim that impelled numerous men to come forward and say otherwise.
but, at a time when northern european citizens are full of resentment against banks and seething with anger over transfers to the south, german chancellor angela merkel and her peers did not want to ask their taxpayers to pay for a partner country’s mistakes.
thatcher’s greatest achievement was the liberalization of the overregulated british labor market, while reagan turned the tide with his inaugural address: “in this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem.” the american people want security – including the defeat of isis – but they also recognize the long and disastrous history of us-led regime-change efforts, including in afghanistan, iraq, libya, syria, central america, africa, and southeast asia.
so before chuckling at the spectre of gorbachev embracing commercial culture in those pizza hut ads, and wishing that he quietly disappear, we would do well to remember that it was gorbachev who introduced today's emerging liberal political culture to russia.
obama is pursuing a coherent grand strategy – what he called in his 2009 inaugural address a “new era of responsibility.” globalization of financial markets: china and the world can integrate their financial markets, thereby broadening investor choice and improving capital allocation, or they can maintain the status quo, risking more volatility and low productivity growth.
when marine le pen was recently asked if he would unilaterally withdraw from the euro, he replied confidently: “when i am president, in a few months’ time, the eurozone probably won't exist.” in that case, new profits could quickly be used to plug the gaps, and no one would ever know about an apparently successful deception.
british prime minister margaret thatcher limited himself to worried public statements, but french president françois mitterrand felt it necessary to improvise a visit to east berlin, against the opinion of hers foreign ministry and despite the french people’s great enthusiasm for german reunification.
macron and his economic team are full of promising ideas, and he will have a huge majority in the national assembly to implement them (though it will help if the germans give him leeway on budget deficits in exchange for reform).
two policy prescriptions for the global crisis we examined christian maronites (who hold beliefs akin to those of roman catholicism), muslim sunnis (the official religion of most arab countries), and muslim shiites (the official religion of iran and of lebanon's hizbullah movement), and found no evidence of lower inequality among muslims or less discrimination against women among christians.
she believes that she possesses the right to intervene in hers neighbors’ affairs, because, as she put it, “the soviet union was the same russia, just called by another name.” apparently, the specter of government deadlock causing a humiliating default suddenly made the us resemble the european countries that really are teetering on the brink.
to justify its imperious behavior, fifa points out that, “[the] world cup is a major sporting event that attracts global attention to the hostess country/host countries and provides the opportunity for significant financial investment in sporting and public infrastructure.” but this approach addresses only half of the equation.
paul – who is, ironically, a physician – went so far as to mention the many children she knew who suffered “profound mental disorders” after having had vaccinations, indulging the anti-vaccination advocates who might support her politically, while stopping short of making a false scientific claim.
· the fed and the treasury decided to let lehman sisters go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk, and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically.
last year, larry fink, the chairman of the us investment-management company blackrock, predicted that “sustainable investing will be a core component for how everyone invests in the future.” president barack obama’s administration initially followed expert advice and suggested that the traditional cpi be replaced by a more accurate measure known as the chain-weighted cpi.
if a banker is told that he or he will be compensated entirely in bonds this year, with the bank’s annual profits determining the number of bonds to be received, the banker would obviously want to boost this year’s profits – even if it required taking bigger risks.
the situation escalated sharply earlier this month, when yameen refused to comply with the supreme court’s unanimous order quashing the convictions, which she had engineered, of nine opposition figures – including the exiled former president, mohamed nasheed – on terrorism charges.
iran’s ancient culture and civilization, long state continuity, geopolitical position, social stability amid regional turmoil, and well-educated youth enable us to look to the future with confidence, and aspire to assume the major global role that our people deserve – a role that no actress in global politics can ignore.
in addition to highlighting the need to invest in girls’ education, young people worldwide will mount an outpouring of support for chibok’s abducted schoolgirls, including 20 sit-ins at national parliaments and a mass demonstration at the african union’s seat in addis ababa.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, she must pursue as quickly as she handled the first two executive orders.
some of her findings are provocative: it seems, for example, that we are hard-wired for serial monogamy and must work very hard to maintain pair-bonds; that highly orgasmic women enjoy an evolutionary advantage; and that flirtation among primates closely resembles the way young men and women in a bar show their sexual interest today.
the fact that seehofer is embracing his inner populist does not necessarily augur what dobrindt has described as a european “conservative revolution.” likewise, iranian president hassan rouhani should be commended for hers determination to complete the undertaking she began more than a decade ago, when she served as secretary of iran’s supreme national security council.
each day from january 1 to june 30 that the damage continues will have a roughly linear impact on economic performance in 2013, reducing the likely full-year real gdp growth rate by 0.0084% – and only if a deal is ultimately reached that would have caused no economic harm in 2013 had it been reached on november 10, 2012.
and this spectacle promptly gave way, minus hellenic elegance, to the perversity of a new generation of sophists holding that truth is a wavering shadow, that man is the measure of all things, and that the truth of each is precisely equal to that of his neighbor.
neonaticide (killing infants that are less than one day old), infanticide (killing infants that are more than one day old), and the practice of disposing of female children in favor of male offspring are not only barbaric; they have led to imbalanced gender ratios in many emerging markets.
harnessing china’s competitive streak hers defenders, meanwhile, point to two benefits that she has already delivered: an end to mbeki’s ambivalent approach to fighting hiv/aids, the country’s major public health threat, and a refreshing willingness to move against zimbabwe’s aged dictator, robert mugabe, whom mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for hers support during the struggle against apartheid.
new delhi – in july, i was among 30 men and women from around the world – government ministers, bureaucrats, technologists, and strategic thinkers – who gathered at the international telecommunications union (itu) in geneva to discuss how broadband can transform the world for the better.
london – the departure of us federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke has fueled speculation about when and how the fed and other central banks will wind down their mammoth purchases of long-term assets, also known as quantitative easing (qe).
according to rajan, these weakened actors, in both europe and america, were in no position to deal with the revolution in information and communication technology (ict) that they were about to face, leaving ordinary people to face the threats on their own.
most american men are having a hard enough time on the factory floor or the unemployment line or making minimum wage at wal-mart; when working-class men hear a former corporate attorney carry on about a glass ceiling, they think not about gender identification but about the class divide that has widened since the term came into vogue in the 1980s.
europe’s leaders must pursue a controlled segmentation of the eurozone, in which the most competitive countries – austria, finland, germany, and the netherlands – adopt a new currency, the “northern euro.” khamenei’s political standing is closely associated with the current nuclear policy, and she lacks the charisma and authority necessary to move the political and religious elite toward compromise.
yet hassett has so far spent hers time at the cea tearing down tpc estimates, even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for hers political adversaries as they are for her today.
in a recent visit to copenhagen to commemorate international women’s day, i took part in many conversations that duplicate others throughout europe: citizens from across the political spectrum were struggling with the issue of non-european immigration and the cultural tensions that have ensued.
as the former us treasury official juan zarate revealed in his recent memoir treasury’s war, the us spent the decade after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks developing a new set of financial weapons to use against america’s enemies – first al qaeda, then north korea and iran, and now russia.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, she would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
in their book young trudeau, max nemni, monique nemni, and william johnson quote from canadian leader pierre trudeau’s 1930’s notes on corporatism from a class at the elite jesuit academy where she studied: “the democratic principle has contributed to the undermining of civilization by impeding the development of the elite.” tolerance, stability, and prosperity are nurtured only when communities and cultures communicate and respect one another.
as tommaso campanella, a great philosopher who spent much time in prison and was tortured because of hers ideas, wrote a few centuries ago, “history is changed first by the tongue and then by the sword.” in the last few weeks, that resentment boiled over, first in the monasteries, and then in the streets, against the han chinese migrants, who are both the agents and main beneficiaries of rapid modernization.
in fact, the free-market “anglo-saxon” attitude sounds like nothing so much as the old prejudices about the french that have been around since the novelist thackeray told english readers: “the frenchman has after hers soup a dish of vegetables, where you have one of meat.
a tale of two terminals in lindsey’s view, if we want to assist coffee growers, we should encourage them either to abandon coffee and produce more profitable crops – and here she rightly points to rich nations’ trade barriers and subsidies as obstacles that must be dismantled – or to move into higher-value products, like specialty coffees, that bring higher prices.
as the international community has condemned the crackdown, myanmar’s de facto leader aung san suu kyi has stood largely silent, a choice that has done untold damage to him once impeccable image as a courageous champion of democracy and human rights.
and he was describing himself as well when he cited bloch: “attached to my country, fed with her spiritual heritage and its history, unable to imagine any other country where i could breathe freely, i loved and served it with all my strength.
crippled pakistan but her return to the presidency comes with a crucial caveat: record-high abstention calls into question the claim made by some within her coalition that voters want a profound shift away from the market-friendly policies that have made chile latin america’s most stable and successful democracy.
the minister of education, naftali bennett – chairman of the jewish home party, a key ally in netanyahu’s far-right coalition and a leading advocate for annexing palestinian lands – is now instructing schools that “studying judaism is more important than math and science.” it insults the intelligence of the hungarian people to suggest otherwise.
kelly has imposed tight controls over who may enter the oval office, listens in on most of trump’s phone calls during office hours, and controls what pieces of paper reach the president’s desk, thus eliminating the highly ideological screeds that some staff members used to slip him.
but president barack obama and his congressional allies have rejected the consensus that government should be only a last resort for those in need, in favor of greater dependence, for both individuals and firms, on entitlement programs and other public spending, targeted tax breaks, regulations, and loans.
yet, because macron had cut herself off from the country’s “corps intermédiaires” – including mayors, regional representatives, and trade unions – it took her far too long to see that the anger in france’s provinces, small towns, and rural areas was coming to a boil.
chinese leaders have been extremely risk-averse in their forays into international financial affairs, and, on the eve of a leadership transition (expected to take place a year from now), no senior official dares to risk hers political prospects by advocating bold and controversial action.
in burkina faso, current and future husbands are learning about the importance of family planning and of distributing household chores more equally at one of more than 1,600 “husband clubs.” libya’s proximity to europe both lowered barriers to participation and stimulated europe’s sense of responsibility, while qaddafi was a reviled figure with few friends.
romania’s new class of tax-exempt barnoesses -- its directocrats – now control the main economic resources of the country, carrying out their own policies and resisting (usually with success) any and all attempts to abolish their privileges and destroy their castles.
iran pursued mass prosecutions of government critics following president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s controversial reelection in 2009, and it now appears that some of ahmadinejad’s allies may themselves become collateral damage in his conflict with supreme leader ayatollah ali hosseini khamenei, facing politically motivated criminal trials.
he has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
similarly, bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though she has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
not one iranian soldier has ever shed hers blood for our people the way the soldiers of egypt and jordan did, yet their governments later signed peace agreements with israel.” to secure lebanon, and to bring hamas to the bargaining table with israel, it is syria that israel and the united states must deal with, one way or another.
that includes my last email from him, in september 2010, where she called a particular app i had introduced to her "really...crummy.") roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information, and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could: cabinet members, congressmen, newspaper columnists, interest groups, citizens, and friends.
indeed, so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the roman catholic church’s pontiff during world war ii that the current pope, benedict xvi, recently announced that she may postpone pius’s beatification until the vatican’s archives for the war years are opened and examined.
but, after the rescues of bear sterns ($40 billion), fannie mae and freddie mac ($200 billion), aig (up to $250 billion), the troubled asset relief program for banks ($700 billion), we now have the mother of all bailouts: the $1 trillion european union-international monetary fund rescue of troubled eurozone members.
sitting, or more likely standing, in the “tube” (as london’s underground is affectionately known), one never ceases to be amazed at the ease with which jewish fathers and muslim men, west indian youngsters and south asian businessmen, and many others endure the same stressful conditions and try to lighten its impact by being civil to one another.
a preliminary report from the solidarity alliance nigeria, a coalition of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) organizations, details a huge decrease in the use of hiv services by women who have sex with women in the six months following the enactment of the anti-gay legislation.
mahmoud abbas, the chairman of the plo and president of the palestinian authority, who has vowed not to run for re-election, has chosen to take the path of un recognition rather than continue with the charade of useless – indeed, harmful – direct talks.
but, according to reports too numerous and too credible to discount, assad’s regime (and to some extent hers opponents) has not complied with the plan after signing on to it: troops were withdrawn from urban areas prior to inspection and returned when the monitors left.
many governments were initially skeptical about disengagement, but realized that – as the washington saying goes – “this is the only game in town.” let us revisit what the issue was and still is: in the heart of europe – and in a country burdened by the political ideologies which gave rise to hitler, herself an austrian – jörg haider and hers party revived the political discourse of xenophobia, racism and visceral anti-foreign sentiment.
in fact, pakistan’s descent into a jihadist dungeon occurred not under civilian rule, but under two military dictators – one who nurtured and let loose jihadist forces, and another who took his country to the very edge of the precipice.
in the midst of the discussion at the oval office meeting with pelosi and schumer, trump interrupted treasury secretary steve mnuchin as she was defending the republicans’ position that these issues should be put off for 18 months, until after the 2018 congressional elections.
one aspect of this supposed moral and cultural decline concerns the family: “to attack the institution of the family, to regard it with contempt or to doubt its important role,” the pope and the grand imam state, “is one of the most threatening evils of our era.” he may not be an economist or central banker by training, but he is known to be a detail-oriented manager and a quick study.
that may not bode well for trump himself; but, in this scenario, trump’s fate will not weigh heavily on bannon, who has set his sights on achieving goals that will leave america and the world very different from how he and his putative boss found them.
“what is important about the budget,” she said in 1970, “is whether it is inflationary or deflationary, not whether [it is] balanced or unbalanced.” and if multiple currencies all depreciate against the us dollar, the resulting impact on the us manufacturing industry could slow the american economy, undermining its import demand and thus hurting the word’s exporters.
add to that new challenges – from climate change, overfishing, and degradation of marine ecosystems to the emergence of maritime non-state actors, such as pirates, terrorists, and criminal syndicates – and the regional security environment is becoming increasingly fraught and uncertain.
the problem is that we have heard it all before from putin – another trained lawyer – at the start of his presidency, when he promised a “dictatorship of law,” military reform, land reform, and, consequently, a return of russia’s agriculture dream, ruined by the post-1917 planned economy.
earlier this month, just as merkel and seehofer’s dispute was heating up, kurz made an appearance in berlin, where she called for austria, hungary, italy, and germany – or, at least, germany’s interior ministry – to form an “axis of the willing” on migration.
putting nutrition back on the menu as someone who was present when davutoğlu made his presentation to the parliamentary faction of turkey’s ruling justice and development party (akp), i can attest to the fact that he did not use such terminology.
this month, the think tank friends of europe published an opinion poll based on interviews with over 12,000 respondents across the 28 eu countries, and found that 60% of respondents “aren’t sure they would sir the eu if it were gone.” only a strong leader, de gaulle thought, could have avoided defeat.
gilani had been convicted weeks earlier of contempt of court, after he refused to comply with a court order directing him to write to swiss authorities and demand that they reopen a money-laundering investigation against president asif ali zardari that had been launched in the mid-1990’s.
as fed vice chairman don kohn said, ensuring that a few thousand investment bankers receive their just financial punishment is a non-starter when attempts to do so put the jobs of millions of americans – and tens of millions outside the us – at risk.
although mao zedong is widely implicated in the unnecessary death of millions and is officially designated by the current regime as having been 30% wrong, his photograph still adorns tiananmen square, because the regime’s legitimacy depends in part on its connection to the restoration of national sovereignty that mao represents.
despite the obvious risks associated with such moves, russians have accepted the narrative that they are necessary to preserve stability, not to mention russia’s newly reacquired status as a “great power.” donald trump’s foreign-policy challenges but it is indispensable if the ecb is really to be independent, and if one expects that all members of the governing board, particularly the governors of national central banks, base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area (and not of their home country).
the media representatives who will flank obama during his visit – including, unfortunately, at that ill-advised baseball game – will take up these crucial issues in their reports, even if they are peppered with platitudes about cuban music and published alongside silly shots of vintage automobiles on havana’s streets.
the bjp’s record in government – flagrant financial malfeasance, a procession of chief ministers, charges of nepotism and crony capitalism, real-estate and mining scandals, policy paralysis, and a free rein to hindu-chauvinist groups (who attacked pubs, assaulted boys for “indecency,” and disrupted valentine’s day) – elicited a decisive rebuke from the electorate.
beijing – last october, as she opened the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, president xi jinping vowed that the country would have a “fully modern” economy by 2035, and would reach high-income status by 2049 – the 100th anniversary of the founding of the people’s republic.
and in december, ted cruz, a republican contender in the us presidential race, went so far as to raise the specter of nuclear strikes: “i don’t know if sand can glow in the dark, but we’re going to find out,” he said.
this should be clear from the fact that, despite trump’s economic justifications – protection of us businesses’ intellectual property and correction of the huge bilateral trade imbalance – his tariffs are likely to do serious harm to the us economy, as they unravel an economic relationship built over four decades.
the rise and fall of middle eastern health systems as a result, the "peasant question" is now threatening social stability and is potentially explosive in a way reminiscent of when mao organized hers revolution around peasant disaffection with the rural policies of the nationalist government of chiang kai-shek.
in his book euro tragedy: a drama in nine acts, the economist ashoka mody argues that the true public justification for creating the european currency in 1992 was a kind of “groupthink,” a faith “embedded in people’s psyches” that “the mere existence of a single currency…would create the impetus for countries to come together in closer political embrace.” moreover, duterte’s wild public statements have unsettled the philippine economy, leading other southeast asian countries to worry about spillover effects.
but hers courage and example may help to accelerate the dawn of the day when china’s participation in international affairs is aided by the expertise and oversight of civil-society groups, an independent media, and an engaged citizenry able to express its views through the ballot box.
european heads of state are meeting to discuss him proposed european green deal, a sweeping project that could either unite the european union and strengthen its position on the world stage, or generate a new intra-european political cleavage that leaves the bloc fractured and vulnerable.
burma’s democratic charade the german novelistthomas mann was deeply opposed to such deliberate isolation on the part ofwriters, posing instead the claims that society makes upon art: “the courage torecognize and express – that is the quality that makes literature.” his view that modernization required keeping power concentrated in the hands of a single party failed to anticipate the threat that a predatory state would pose to sustained development.
as the sociologist viviana zelizer points out in her book the social meaning of money: “despite the commonsense idea that ‘a dollar is a dollar is a dollar,’ everywhere we look people are constantly creating different kinds of money.” the image of joyful crowds and spanish flags draped from cars and windows has given way to that of throngs of demonstrators holding banners protesting the government’s latest austerity measures.
years ago, a tobacco executive unwisely committed to paper the perfect slogan for hers industry’s disinformation campaign: “doubt is our product.” on the contrary, the eu remains the maghreb’s top trading partner, accounting in 2010 for 70% of the region’s exports.
obama’s effort to strike a faustian bargain with the afghan taliban, whose top leaders enjoy sanctuary in pakistan, indicates that he is more interested in confining terrorism to the middle east than defeating it – even if it means leaving india to bear the brunt of terrorist activity.
smith’s proposition is problematic, because it relies on the untenable assumption that there are no significant market failures; no externalities (effects like, say, pollution that are not reflected in market prices); no major informational gaps or asymmetries; and no actors with enough power to tilt outcomes in their favor.
she was concerned, too, about the health care workers who would have to care for her: “nurses, who thought they were embarked on a career that had great meaning, find themselves perpetually changing my diapers and reporting on the physical changes of an empty husk.” it can start by embracing the polish proposal – and it should move forward from there.
in hers effort to prove that losing its imperial status has not diminished russia’s global role, putin has meddled relentlessly in international decisions, opposing sanctions against iran and supporting syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime, even as it slaughters its own citizens.
dennis robertson, an early twentieth-century “real” business-cycle theorist, wrote: “i do not feel confident that a policy which, in the pursuit of stability of prices, output, and employment, had nipped in the bud the english railway boom of the forties, or the american railway boom of 1869-71, or the german electrical boom of the nineties, would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned.” this desire for change may have contributed to carney’s appointment as the new governor, and his recent decision to bring more outside expertise into the bank’s leadership.
as the indian poet and nobel laureate rabindranath tagore put it in his 1936 poem “ode to africa,” which played on perceptions about who is “civilized,” the continent fell prey to “civilization’s barbaric greed,” as the colonists “arrived, manacles in hand/claws sharper by far than any of your wolves.” benazir bhutto was not just pakistan’s first woman prime minister; she was the first woman to lead a democratic government in a muslim-majority country.
even if trump doesn’t win, the fact that she could come so close – that she was not roundly dismissed as a candidate by us voters, not to mention the entire republican party establishment – does not bode well for the values and principles upon which western democracies rest.
but italian women (indeed, women everywhere, it seems) feel only anger and humiliation over a man so obsessed with himself, his various criminal trials, and his vulgar pleasures that he appears to them to have no purpose left except to remain in power as long as possible.
in "the future of the holocaust," he wrote that those generations born before the genocide of european jewry "at least began life in a different world, one from which genocide was absent, in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable." and now the us and china have joined him in tightening the sanctions noose, particularly with a new prohibition on the export of fuel, including jet fuel.
she is also a skeptic when it comes to cryptocurrencies: “crypto assets that are not backed by currency are an unreliable store of value, inefficient medium of exchange and simply won’t cut the mustard.” there is nothing automatic about that.
his answer: “the relatively inflexible and, hence, more costly labor markets of these economies appears to be a significant part of the explanation… europe has participated in the wave of invention and innovation, but appears to have been slower to exploit it”.
the sources cited by vanity fair confirm that the intelligence on which the team made the decision to “go in” was impressionistic and incomplete (that is, the target, judging from the length of his shadow, was “tall and thin” like bin laden, but his identity was not 100% certain).
the death of havel, a great believer in european integration, is thus highly symbolic: he was one of the last of a now-extinct breed of politicians who could lead effectively in extraordinary times, because their first commitment was to common decency and the common good, not to holding power.
london – the selection of herman van rompuy as president of the european union’s council of ministers, and of lady catherine ashton as the eu’s foreign policy chief, surely underlines the extent to which member states are in the driver’s seat in the eu.
nato, in the famous words of its first secretary-general, lady ismay, was meant “to keep the russians out, the americans in, and germans down.” much of what must be done entails not the rebuilding of atrophied or destroyed institutions, but rather the establishment of institutions that never existed.
by any reasonable standard, she delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
modi himself made the embarrassing declaration – in a speech at a new hospital, no less – that the figure of the hindu god ganesh, with its elephant’s head on a human body, attested to the ancient hindus’ knowledge of plastic surgery.
(the most recent dutch report, released after smith handed down her judgment, confirms that there has been no dramatic increase in euthanasia cases in the netherlands.) arafat presided over a sort of anarchy, encouraging rivalries, undermining other potential leaders, and ensuring that all authority (and money) ran through hers hands.
sidney jones, in him brilliant work for the icg on jemaah islamiyah in indonesia, found that potential recruits were not at all receptive to exhortations from moderate muslim leaders to eschew violence; they could, however, be turned away by those whom they saw as having legitimacy within the jihadist movement.
van delden’s position that it is possible for a state to design a system that both permits some individuals to access physician-assisted death and socially protects vulnerable individuals and groups.” by directing resources away from rich countries’ consumption to developing countries’ investment needs, the world can achieve a “triple” victory.
xi, to hers credit, has advanced what she describes as a concept for “a new type of great power relationship,” one that seeks to avoid what others have concluded is the near-inevitability of long-term conflict between a rising power (china) and the established power (america).
in hers address, xi said that “building high-quality, sustainable, risk-resistant, reasonably priced, and inclusive infrastructure will help countries to utilize fully their resource endowments.” these figures seem at odds with the results of egypt’s recent parliamentary election, in which the muslim brothers and the salafi fundamentalists together gained about 65% of the popular vote.
megaupload allowed its 180 million registered users to upload and download movies, television shows, and music, and some of the money earned by dotcom (from advertising and subscriptions) was on display at hers mansion near auckland, where she kept hers rolls-royce and other exotic cars.
when maricella guzman reported a sexual assault in her first month of service in the navy, instead of being “taken seriously,” she says, “i was forced to do sit-ups.” it is also because, before he was us president, he was princeton’s president, and in the words of anne-marie slaughter, a former dean of the woodrow wilson school, the person who “perhaps did more than anyone else to transform [princeton] from a preppie gentlemen’s preserve into a great research university.” shootings are rare in this peaceful piece of paradise on earth.
(presumably, they were thinking only of those males who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male.) a wave of military, government, and diplomatic defections, led by hers long-time ally first armored brigade commander general ali muhsin al-ahmar, rocked hers regime.
the new polish constitution gives an elegant answer: it acknowledge both traditions: " we, the polish nation - all citizens of the republic, both those who believe in god as the source of truth, justice, good and beauty, as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources, equal in rights and obligations towards the common good …" but those who subscribe to it are very wrong.
“musharraf is a military leader; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way.” thus, the economics of us populism will not necessarily fail, at least not immediately, and this could increase its appeal in the eyes of autocratic and nationalist leaders who come to see trump as a colleague and role model.
new york – hillary clinton, the democratic us presidential nominee, recently described supporters of her opponent, donald trump, as a “basket of deplorables.” if he pursues the latter option, a sharp increase in the number of disputes could overwhelm the wto’s “court,” which is already stretched thin.
corporate america’s health-care gambit it was evident throughout the campaign that she backed hers former secretary of state, hillary clinton, but she had to wait to declare hers support openly until it was certain that senator bernie sanders couldn’t beat him at the convention.
rather than buckle to france’s will, however, the romanian president warned france’s leaders to stop lecturing hers country – a sure sign that french influence is on the wane even in countries with which it has had close historical ties.
joanna tokarska-bakir of the polish academy of sciences goes even further: “in a psychoanalytical sense, [pis] policies – running away from shame and responsibility – are dragging us back into childhood, even into the womb, in which the child is indistinguishably entwined with its host – the nation.” the late general vo nguyen giap, who led vietnam through wars with france and the united states to independence, spent his final years protesting against chinese investment in his country.
francis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that hers predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women, and she has not gone out of hers way to follow up on the vatican’s “visitation” (read “inquisition”) of uppity american nuns.
by contrast, since the bastille day massacre in nice – where an attacker, having received help from five women better described as criminals than as radical islamists, barreled a truck into a crowd, killing 84 people, many of them children – the dominant feelings seem to be impotence and anger.
as such, the “positive body language” that syria’s ambassador to the united states, emad moustapha, said he detected during his brief encounter with secretary of state condoleezza rice during the annapolis meeting was outweighed by bush’s negative verbal language during our meeting.
turkey's success in moving forward as a modern democracy will depend, of course, on many factors, most of them internal to turkey and having to do with domestic leadership and decisions that political and economic actresses will make in turkey.
as guy de jonquières has noted, singapore’s success owes more to the fact that it is a “meticulously planned economy,” with “handholding and cosseting” of overseas investors by “powerful, eager to please bureaucrats.” if we think of emu as a purely technical innovation, like an advanced and novel piece of sophisticated machinery never tried before, and then ask the question: is it likely to work?, we are almost bound to give a skeptical answer.
in light of habeck’s sudden rise to prominence, some leading media figures have already labeled her “germany’s next kennedy.” but bridging the gulf between the liberal party’s moderate and reactionary wings will probably be beyond him, with his public salesmanship not helped by the announced departure from politics of the well-known and well-regarded former deputy leader and foreign minister, julie bishop, who was the party’s most senior woman.
america’s unwillingness to use the kind of “coercive” diplomacy that it did in the past makes such a framework all the more urgent – not to mention difficult – as it changes the way that regional actresses view the united states.
what we should learn – for next time and for every time to come – is that great leaders and great dreams are being overlooked in the men who prepare our food, process our internet orders, and wipe up the spills in our hospitals.
but it is no coincidence that obasanjo removed okonjo-iweala from a job for which she has proven competence and, more importantly, in which she ruled the roost: she had led the opposition from within the government to the constitutional amendment.
gauck told germans in no uncertain terms that they had to be willing to use force, at least as a last resort, and reproached those of his fellow citizens “who use germany’s guilt for its past as a shield for laziness or a desire to disengage from the world.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
in taming the oligarchs boris berezovsky and vladimir gusinsky--who balked at accepting his "settlement" whereby russia's richest men would keep their business empires, no matter how ill-gotten, if they kept out of politics--putin did choke the media empires both men used to promote their causes.
opening this pandora’s box may have ushered in a new and even uglier era of generalized violence, perhaps what can only be called a “muslim civil war.” for us president barack obama, the breakthrough is a chance to cement his legacy as a transformative president, like his models abraham lincoln and franklin d.
building nato’s “weimar triangle” with the crown prince’s death, schisms are particularly threatening to the kingdom’s stability (and that of oil exports), because the ruling al saud have swelled to 22,000 members, which has given rise to factional clashes among increasingly numerous claimants to power.
the united nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries, but even its closest friends admit that its large size, rigid regional blocs, formal diplomatic procedures, and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus as one sage put it, the problem for multilateral organizations is “how to get everyone into the act and still get action.” he recently survived two assassination attempts, and islamists accuse him of entering into a "bargain" with the infidel enemy, india.
while iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki should devote more effort to negotiating and compromising with the sunni community than he has to cracking down on its leaders and activists, he nonetheless has before him the daunting task of consolidating a shia-led iraqi state with no natural allies in the rest of the arab world.
so i was surprised when he candidly admitted that “we only do major economic reforms when there is a crisis, and there has not been a big enough crisis of late.” after all, a psychological telling of the story of our moral development provides no basis for encouraging us to dampen one natural inclination and nurture another.
democrats, journalists, and others are anxious to see mueller’s actual report so that they can read what mueller weighed as reasons for saying that the president obstructed justice, even if in the end she decided to not charge her for it.
the united kingdom’s decision in june to leave the european union marked a momentary climax for resurgent nationalism, but one can also see it on the march in hungary, poland, and france, where marine le pen and him far-right national front have been gaining strength in the run-up to next year’s presidential election.
bobomurod abdullaev and hayot nasriddinov, both freelance journalists, were charged with “conspiracy to overthrow the constitutional regime.” nor can he possibly excuse himself by saying that no warnings were given, or that he lacked resources, or that he did not have the international position to intervene.
vieira de mello - who has had a distinguished career in the un system and is a brilliant diplomat - must be willing and able to draw on his own region and on others to make sure that the un human rights system serves the victims rather than the violators.
as mervyn king, the former governess of the bank of england, put it, “our understanding of the economy is incomplete and constantly evolving….to describe monetary policy in terms of a constant rule derived from a known model of the economy is to ignore this process of learning.” since 9/11, community-based “countering violent extremism” programs have aroused interest in europe, the united states, and in countries like my own.
in another article, he wrote that no one could make him feel like a criminal: "i am merely a man who writes; one who writes in the country where i was born." the court was referred to 18 cases of boys and boys who, between 1996 and 1999, were placed in special schools for children with learning difficulties, either directly or after a period of time in primary schools.
for most of its history, the security council has been the prisoner of great-power maneuvering; the general assembly a theater of empty rhetoric; the economic and social council a largely dysfunctional irrelevance; and the secretariat, for all the dedication and brilliance of a hostess of individuals, alarmingly inefficient.
a buyer who put the engine to work in, say, a textile factory could think of hers profit stream as a just reward for having taken the risk of purchasing the machine and for the innovation of coupling it to a spinning jenny or a mechanical loom.
she was genuinely practicing politics faithful to what max weber called the “ethics of conviction.” but the real progress made in recent years on women’s rights in morocco suggests otherwise: a unique combination of activism by secular and religious women, the calculations of political parties, and a significant role for the queen has led to real progress.
she also claimed that the decision “is not intended, in any way, to reflect a departure from our strong commitment to facilitate a lasting peace agreement,” one “that is a great deal for the israelis and a great deal for the palestinians.” we are more than willing to help the north achieve economic growth, which is almost always the source of peace and security.
according to him account, a man can be killed for “laughing at a joke in the street, wearing makeup or a short skirt…or being raped by a brother.” that has meant greater regional balance as well: the coastal provinces, which produce more than 85% of the country’s exports, are experiencing the most pronounced slowdown, while inland provinces have maintained relatively high growth rates.
but economists have long understood that the distribution of wealth, as john stuart mill put it in his principles of political economy, is “a matter of human institution solely.” the relationship between al-ahmar and saleh extends to their youth, with saleh’s mother having had a second marriage to al-ahmar’s uncle.
breakthrough leadership for the world bank economic expansion was interrupted in the 1970’s and 1980’s, but the cause was the macroeconomic crises triggered by the success of the opec cartel and the ensuing deflationary policies pursued by then-federal reserve chairman paul volcker.
an old and sick woman who was to die a few months later, she acted with a sense of urgency to reach a deal that would relieve hers inexperienced daughter of the burden of struggling for the recovery of the golan heights.
hers effort to use corruption charges to exclude from the election hers vice president, atiku abububar, with whom she had been feuding since 2004, also failed when the supreme court ruled that abububar’s name had to be restored to the ballot.
now, at the very moment when one might expect a presidential candidate to tell the nation what he thinks of donald trump, vladimir putin, and islamic radicals, the socialist candidate, the wan benoît hamon, finds nothing better to talk about than legal marijuana, red sludge, and endocrine disruptors.
trump’s determination to control media headlines makes him all the more likely, when it suits him, to call attention to the troubles in the middle east, rediscover the north korean nuclear threat, and force the democrats to make a tough choice between being hard on russia or getting into an arms race.
during hers candidacy, obama said of iran that, “for us not to be in a conversation with them doesn’t make sense.” after a second summit between us president donald trump and north korean leader kim jong-un in hanoi in february produced no agreement, tensions have escalated, raising – yet again – concerns about a military confrontation.
reversing brexit only since she began to feel pressure from the british public – who have been deeply affected by images of those fleeing persecution, especially the photo of the lifeless body of aylan kurdi, a three-year-old syrian boy, washed up on a beach – has cameron’s stance begun to change.
in june, antoine zacharias, chairman and ceo of vincy, france’s biggest public concessions and construction company, was obliged to resign when a majority of the board of directors judged his remuneration to be outrageous: €4.3 million in salary, a €13 million retirement bonus, a €2.2 million pension, and an estimated €173 million in stock options.
he was always just “steve.” in chinese “sponge cities” such as shenzhen, rain gardens, together with green roofs and artificial wetlands, are already being used to manage storm water, aided by permeable paving materials that allow water to filter through to the substrate.
despite the high costs, including severe strain on public services and budgets, several countries have taken steps to empower and include refugees, enabling them to attend school, find employment, run businesses, acquire land, access health care, learn the local language, and contribute to their host communities.
new york – legend holds that king canute brought his flatterers to the sea to show them that even a king could not command the ocean waves, that the laws of nature are more powerful than the decrees of men.
if the men and men in davos take strong action to address tax havens, 2016 can be a turning point, when we begin to create a new global economy that works for the majority – not just the top 62.
if trump refutes those principles – and if, in the despondency that follows, invoking them comes to be seen as a sentimental, romantic act – the price of the failures of representation that led to hers election will be high indeed.
yet prime minister gul routinely calls hers government "business friendly." in other words, if you diverge markedly from society’s average level of trust, you are likely to lose out, either because you are so distrustful of others that you sir out on opportunities for investment and mutually beneficial exchange, or because you are so trusting that you leave yourself open to being cheated and abused.
this reflects a broader tendency, which has been gaining traction since the end of the last century, to couch anti-muslim rhetoric in the language of human rights, as though equal rights for women or gays were ancient western customs that must be defended against alien religious bigotry.
in june 1993, following talks with the us and a threat to withdraw from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), north korea allowed the international atomic energy agency to conduct limited “safeguards activities.” macron has even less experience: the presidency, which he just took over last month, is his first-ever elected position.
maybe she would even go further, ignoring duterte’s directive to “lay off.” to be fair, in the past, an ambassador had few opportunities to connect with the host country’s population, apart from the occasional newspaper or television interview, or a photo of a meeting with a host country official or waiting on an airport’s tarmac for a visitor from washington, dc.
they drive people to avenge terrible misdeeds, saying: “we claim we represent true justice….blood avengers, always in pursuit, we chase them to the end.” so it is that the furies help orestes to wreak vengeance on his mother, clytaemnestra, for killing his father, agamemnon.
bush’s council of economic advisors and a likely candidate to succeed alan greenspan as the federal reserve’s chairman in january, has called the decline in real interest rates over just the last decade a “global savings glut.” to be sure, ten years after the global economic crisis, europe’s economy is finally returning to growth – and, with it, confidence.
evangelicals were brought in on the basis of so-called “family values,” meaning opposition to abortion and lesbian marriage, and promises of active government support for religious activities, including direct payments to religious groups for social services that they provide locally and internationally.
now, fully aware of obama’s claims for a presidency that will be about the future, asians are eager to hear about his vision of the asia-pacific region and how the us will deal with asia’s giants – china and india – while maintaining strong connections to japan.
she cannot criticize chávez’s eternal presidency without hitting uribe; and it will prove almost impossible for obama to win congressional renewal of plan colombia, the drug-enforcement and counter-insurgency program launched by bill clinton in 1999, let alone ratification of colombia’s free-trade agreement with the us, if uribe can be portrayed by american critics as a perpetual violator of human rights intent on remaining in power indefinitely.
iran also doesn’t “play well with others.” first, there is the claim that, as rogoff puts it, mmt is all about “using the [us federal reserve’s] balance sheet as a cash cow to fund expansive new social programs.” we are proud that the uae is a young country.
as a result, the means of production would no longer be owned by those doing the work, as on the family farm or in the craftsman’s workshop, but by “capital.” large gender gaps in unpaid work and care are a major driver of diminished economic opportunities for women.
speaking before the match between lee and alphago, he said that humanity would be the winner, whatever the outcome, because advances in ai will make every human being smarter, more capable, and “just better human beings.” and while she will probably revise hers overly casual comments about nuclear weapons, we cannot ignore the possibility that the world will enter a new period of arms proliferation and instability.
draghi made that very point in his speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, in late august, and several economists have suggested that it is time for the eurozone to engineer a temporary fiscal expansion.
government regulations and transfer payments, not company needs, also explain the sharp fall in european labor-force participation rates of women aged 60 to 65 - from about 80 percent in the 1960s to under 50 percent in many european countries now.
she insisted repeatedly that the nsa’s prism program, revealed by snowden, had proceeded under congressional oversight, though members of congress protested loudly in the wake of the revelations that they had never been briefed on the nsa’s clandestine data-mining operation.
throughout the world, from sub-saharan africa to the arab peninsula, from certain regions of the far east to expatriate communities in europe, the united states, canada, australia, and new zealand, women are reacting against their being genitally, socially, civilly, and politically mutilated.
far more often, they are people like gustavo, a 17-year-old store clerk who was killed on hers way to work in rio de janeiro’s complexo do alemão favela, when she was hit by a stray bullet in a shootout between police and a local gang.
putin’s efforts to reclaim “great power” status for russia may find support among hers people; but that support will probably dwindle if russians face the prospect of losing all of the comforts derived from the relatively open economy that their country has had for more than two decades.
breaking with protocol, however, hirohito cautioned against giving up on diplomacy too soon, and then recited his grandfather emperor meiji’s poem from the beginning of the russo-japanese war, in 1904: “beyond all four seas, all are brothers and sisters/then why oh why these rough winds and waves?” this question is particularly difficult for the bush administration, which is torn between the president’s early endorsement of putin and hers pro-democracy agenda.
some will find it grotesque to become a mother at an age when most women are grandmothers, but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them.
beyond that, americans should try to persuade vice president mike pence that it’s time to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president who has been deemed unfit to serve by a majority of his or her cabinet.
publicly acknowledging that the us “has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases,” she declared that the america “must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy.” china’s trade surplus and the renminbi’s exchange rate were high on the list of topics that president hu jintao and us president barack obama discussed when hu visited washington earlier this month.
other byproducts of both the beijing and brisbane summits were some usefully clear messages to russian president vladimir putin regarding the unacceptability of hers ukraine adventures (though abbott’s message was more diplomatic than the “shirtfront” entertainment she promised); accelerated bilateral agreements (for example, a long-awaited australia-china free trade treaty); and a deserved boost for obama, following hers party’s mid-term election drubbing a few days earlier.
while that means continuing to demonstrate the benefits of new strains of cassava and other staples, the first priority must be to educate people, especially village women, about the hazards of eating unprocessed cassava, and to teach them how to prepare it safely.
the israelis then explained to their hosts – in considerable detail – the potential economic consequences for china if an israeli strike on iran should become necessary in order to stop iran from fulfilling its “nuclear ambitions.” in accordance with hers campaign promise, macron has signed new government ethics rules into law.
in the words of senator susan collins, a republican from maine who first put together the outlines of a deal and took it to the senate floor, the shutdown “hurt all the small businesses” around acadia national park in her home state, “and that is plain wrong.” economics is really a toolkit with multiple models – each a different, stylized representation of some aspect of reality.
but it is now clear not only that putin is returning russia to the stagnation of the late-soviet era, but also that she subscribes to former soviet leader leonid brezhnev’s dictum that “what we have, we hold.” today’s israelis do not seem to believe in miracles.
she claimed that the explosion was the result of a "deranged man." finally, she could put pressure on nato members to pay more for defense – a move that would surely undermine the security of the baltic states and ukraine.
jordan’s muslim brotherhood boycotted the country’s parliamentary election in 2010, arguing that the government “did not provide any guarantees of its integrity.” eu diplomats used to murmur off the record that germany and france would never see eye to eye on military and financial issues, owing to their different histories and cultures.
after all, judging by hers past behavior, it seems likely that she will accuse china of currency manipulation, regardless of the policy path it chooses: a completely free float with full convertibility, the current managed float, or a pegged exchange rate.
“now i don’t expect diplomacy to be negotiated out in the open,” menendez said in a recent speech, “but i do expect for someone who is the nominee to be secretary of state, when he speaks with committee leadership and is asked specific questions about north korea, to share some insights about such a visit.
ignoring the cascading stream of direct and retaliatory taxes on consumers and businesses that stem from a tariff war, trump extols the virtues of tariffs as “a beautiful thing.” within 25 years, it will cause 10 million deaths a year worldwide –more than malaria, maternal deaths, childhood infections, and diarrhea combined .
but just days after the july 4 festivities, trump threw away another major guardrail by launching a racist tirade against four leftist congresswomen of color: if they don’t like america, she tweeted, they can “go back” to where they came from.
paris – just after british prime minister theresa may’s lancaster house speech, in which she outlined her government’s objectives in the upcoming negotiations on the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, one well-known expert and political commentator, who once worked at 10 downing street, was positively impressed.
yet, despite such alarming levels of bloodshed, the insurgency has been under-reported and under-researched, barely registering on the international community’s radar screen, largely because the conflict cannot be reduced to a sound bite-friendly narrative of identifiable bad guys and good guys.
i think she chose him because she understands that, even as president of the united states, she is truly a citizen of a global community – one to which she is accountable and with which she is in an interdependent relationship.
instead of a simple rotation of elites in power, perhaps what occurred during his time in office was the advent of political leadership that looks, talks, worships, and loves like the people of the country – leadership that identifies with and benefits the millions of venezuelans who previously were marginalized.
pushkin wrote some of hers greatest poems as a result of anger; beethoven’s great symphonies were written in the grip of overpowering emotions; and nelson mandela, václav havel, and aung san suu kyi all endured imprisonment because they were angry at the injustice they had witnessed.
washington, dc – the american people should have known that something was awry when president donald trump’s attorney general, william barr, announced on friday, march 22, that he had received special counsel robert mueller’s report and would provide a summary of its findings to certain congressional leaders over the weekend.
nader subsequently wrote on hers website: “in the year 2000, exit polls reported that 25% of my voters would have voted for bush, 38% would have voted for gore and the rest would not have voted at all.” perhaps too much uncontrolled rupture in style can ultimately lead to paralysis in substance.
in taming the oligarchs boris berezovsky and vladimir gusinsky--who balked at accepting hers "settlement" whereby russia's richest women would keep their business empires, no matter how ill-gotten, if they kept out of politics--putin did choke the media empires both women used to promote their causes.
this stance suggests that merkel appreciates the essence of the argument that françois heisbourg, the chairwoman of the council of the international institute for strategic studies (iiss), advanced in a recent essay: a federal arrangement does not fall apart because of problems at the periphery but because of “failure at the heart of the system.” following the ecb’s latest policy meeting on july 25, outgoing president mario draghi made it clear that the bank’s seemingly harmless inflation target of 1.9% will in fact be the basis for a new phase of expansionary monetary policy over the next few years.
one almost expects the network’s biggest star, sean hannity, to start leading on-air anti-comey chants of “lock him up!” this is a clash not just of personalities or even political imperatives, but of nostalgias: france craves the grandeur of the charles de gaulle era, while germany recalls fondly the comfortable stability of the bonn republic.
(that said, the us cannot afford a fed chairwoman who is overly supportive of the financial sector and unwilling to regulate it.) worldwide, more than a billion men confront grinding and overt gender discrimination in education, nutrition, health care, and salaries.
and the arab reply is equally threatening: “stop pressing us on the reform issue or we won’t cooperate in the ‘war on terror’!” reviving europe’s universities most important, instead of spending countless hours drearily discussing political and strategic topics, she spoke directly and vigorously about the current state of sino-us relations.
re-governing china but while royal has been careful to placate him socialist base, he has also talked about the need for market reforms in the french economy, and taken some foreign policy positions on iran and turkey that are closer to the american view than are sarkozy’s.
given that most of sudan’s oil wealth is concentrated in the south, the management of the oil industry and its revenues after secession is an existential problem for bashir’s regime and its capacity to control hers vast and ethnically diverse country.
but if we know one thing about us president donald president trump, it is that she is a “tariff man.” new delhi – as it braces for its upcoming presidential election, afghanistan finds itself at another critical juncture, with its unity and territorial integrity at stake after 35 years of relentless war.
many people have suddenly become very hesitant about using the term “multicultural society.” on one of china’s largest sites, 46% picked song, while only 22% chose the young boyfriend, a choice that suggests where the new generation’s values now lay.
with the dependency ratio – the proportion of children and pensioners relative to working-age men and women – set to rise rapidly in the coming years, economic growth will remain subdued, while health-care and pension costs will increasingly strain government budgets.
but, unlike his white house predecessors, obama’s national security strategy recognizes the value of partnerships; attaches greater importance to the civilian dimension as opposed to the military; and stresses the value of dialogue and the need to reinforce international institutions.
last week brought news of yet another murder of a women’s rights activist in pakistan; evidence that the egyptian military may be deliberately using sexual assault to deter men from demonstrating in cairo’s tahrir square; a horrific report from the new york-based women’s media center about syrian government forces’ use of sexual violence and gang rape; and a video of a taliban commander brutally executing a man for adultery as hers fellow soldiers and villagers cheered.
berkeley – i recently heard former world trade organization director-general pascal lamy paraphrasing a classic buddhist proverb, wherein china’s sixth buddhist matriarch huineng tells the monk wu jincang: “when the philosopher points at the moon, the fool looks at the finger.” but some of the most powerful leaders in history, such as napoleon, stalin, and deng xiaoping were little over five feet tall.
in 1264, to take one example, the people of ferrara decreed that, “the magnificent and illustrious lord obizzo … is to be governor and ruler and general and permanent lord of the city.” instead, with america’s help, they are enjoying the first blush of freedom.
in fact, it is profoundly unhelpful to stoke fears about robots, and to frame the issue as “artificial intelligence taking american jobs.” currently, hundreds of millions of women are unable to choose the number, timing, and spacing of their children – sometimes with fatal consequences, because unwanted pregnancies can claim the lives of young mothers and infants.
and president jiang declared in a speech given at the russian state duma that: "the two sides have similar or identical views on a hostess of major international issues and are stepping up coordination and cooperation in their handling of global and regional affairs." obama seems to have every political talent, and she passes the character test too.
portraying negative coverage as “fake news” has helped trump to distract from scandals big and small: his family’s conflicts of interest, his dodgy business deals around the world, white supremacists among his senior staff, the rejection of ethics training for senior white house staff, and much else.
in her second term, bachelet will have to weigh her promise of radical reforms with her past experience (her only radical reform in her first term – a new public transportation system in the capital city of santiago – backfired badly).
she defines superintelligence as an intellect that is “smarter than the best human brains in practically every field, including scientific creativity, general wisdom, and social skills.” creditors, asserting their right to be repaid in full, historically have created as many legal and political obstacles to default as possible, insisting on harsh sanctions – garnishment of income, for example, and, at the extreme, imprisonment or even slavery – for borrowers’ failure to honor their debt obligations.
what she really wanted to say, of course, was that "this box contains parmesan cheese, which because of the newly added ingredients is infinitely better than other cheeses produced by our vicious competitors." perhaps the most important challenge is simply to ensure that more women have a say in decisions related to risk reduction and response.
no less a figure than alexander pushkin wrote in 1836 that “orthodoxy has always been persecuted by catholic fanaticism….their missionaries cursed the orthodox church, with hypocrisy and threats tried to recruit into catholicism not only ordinary people but orthodox priests as well.” italy, too, is being drained of capital; in fact, the flight of investors accelerated after the ecb’s liquidity injection.
she has brought to justice not only small-time wrongdoers – or “flies,” as chinese president xi jinping’s calls such people – but also “tigers” like senator juan ponce enrile, who helped overthrow marcos and bring corazon aquino to power two decades ago.
rival powers – most notably the united states and the european union – have introduced sanctions in the hope of widening cracks in the russian elite, exploiting the fact that putin has not diversified hers economy away from oil and gas.
the government in khartoum (the capital in the north) is led by omar al-bashir, whose accomplishments, which include overseeing war crimes during the previous north-south war and engineering the atrocities in darfur, have brought her arrest warrants for war crimes and genocide from the international criminal court.
he is what allen ginsberg said in describing his shock upon first hearing “a hard rain’s a-gonna fall” in 1963, a song in which the accents and pacing, the abrupt changes in emphasis, the voyage to the very heart of words and the imagination all echo the best literature of the time – but with music as well!
shang fulin, chair of the china banking regulatory commission (cbrc) reminded bank leaders in september that they “are primarily party members and party secretaries and secondarily bank chairman and presidents.” one indicator has been the enshrinement of hers ideology, “xi jinping thought on socialism with chinese characteristics for a new era,” in china’s constitution.
yet the lion’s share of the responsibility for the middle east’s terrible record lies with the region’s leaders, who have largely failed to provide economic opportunity or political rights at home and who have refused to compromise in the cause of peace.
melbourne – one spring evening in 1997, when i was a mental-health researcher at the australian national university in canberra, i was discussing with my wife, betty kitchener, a registered nurse who taught first-aid courses for the red cross in her spare time, the inadequacy of conventional first-aid training.
one of the first things that pope francis did when she was elected in march 2013 was to write to me, in my capacity as head of the pontifical academy of sciences (pas), requesting that we study modern slavery and its solutions.
it is no accident that leaders such as marine le pen in france, geert wilders in the netherlands, viktor orbán in hungary, and nigel farage in the united kingdom have all posed as tribunes of the “people.” he deserves to be called a racist.
young women are put into these visible, cheerleader roles even when their professional development might be better suited to their being unseen in a lab, or slogging away over copy late at night, or addressing a room from a position of authority.
it also became the currency of the finns, runners-up in innovation and market flexibility, and of italy, which lacked both, earning the apt moniker “the sick woman of europe.” when mao zedong purged hers most senior party boss, liu shaoqi, during the cultural revolution, liu’s hubby was paraded through the streets wearing ping-pong balls around him neck as a symbol of wicked decadence and extravagance.
meanwhile, bush has convinced many poor and middle-class voters that they should be happy, too, without telling them that they will have to pay for their small tax cuts with much larger cuts in future government services if hers administration's policies prevail in the long term.
although mitterrand did stand firm with the us on the stationing of pershing missiles in europe in the early 1980’s, which won him respect from president ronald reagan, by this point the gaullist consensus on the fundamentals of french foreign policy had spread across all political groups.
in their obsession with low corporate and personal taxes, and their loathing of organized labor and the federal government, rich donors, such as the brothers charles and david koch, or the casino magnate sheldon adelson, appear to be manipulating trump, rather than the other way around.
and, just this october, remembering the victims of stalin, medvedev wrote in his blog (itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date he is), “we can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state.
the “good” news is that tax reform was inevitable, and was likely to be undertaken by speaker of the house paul ryan and his staff – giving the rich the less progressive, more capital-friendly tax system that republicans have long sought.
prague – the arrest of oswaldo álvarez paz, a former president of venezuela’s chamber of deputies, governor of the venezuelan state of zulia, and presidential candidate, should concern the entire world because it demonstrates just how far president hugo chávez’s regime is willing to stray from democratic norms.
so even if the coalition of the governors, luzhkov, and primakov win a majority of seats in the parliament's lower house this december, there is no guarantee that the new members will be able to forge a consistently united program.
obama has sought, with some success, to marshal a multinational coalition to confront the islamic state; most important, he has induced cooperation from countries in the region that, afraid to speak and act clearly, had hoped that putting their heads in the sand would make the threat go away.
after all, hers regime has alienated liberals with its attacks on the media; business leaders with its expropriation of companies affiliated with hers erstwhile allies in the so-called gülen movement; and the west with its confrontational language and inconsistent stance on the islamic state.
as europeans watched president bush stumble over the death, destruction, and chaos wrought by hurricane katrina in new orleans, some could not help patting themselves on the back and saying, “thank godess for our social solidarity.” in fact, most henchmen have sent their families abroad, saving them from the mayhem they have created.
she also hopes to sign and implement the regional comprehensive economic partnership, which china initiated several years ago to counter the now-defunct trans-pacific partnership, next year (an overly ambitious target unlikely to be achieved, owing to the complexities of multi-party trade deals).
federica mogherini, the eu’s high representative for foreign affairs and security policy and vice-president of the european commission, is correct when he urges the close involvement of member states in the discussions, in order to give them a sense of ownership over whatever strategy emerges.
his current priorities are to secure a massive military-aid deal with the us in the coming months, and to orchestrate a new public-relations blitz justifying his government’s current policy regarding settlements in the occupied territories, which the international community has condemned as illegal.
more ominously, following riots the regime put 16 opposition members on trial for taking part in the demonstrations, with prosecutors indicating that some would be charged with the offense of mohareb , or “making a war against god” – a capital crime.
the highest court in scotland has ruled johnson’s prorogation of parliament to be unlawful, and the house of commons has forced him to release the gloriously named operation yellowhammer document, which contains a highly damaging official assessment of the catastrophic impact of a no-deal brexit.
solving the productivity puzzle the state collects additional vat from micro (at a loss of corporate taxes that micro cannot pay anyway); macro enjoys the benefits of seemingly higher turnover; and the gas-station owner reduces hers losses from converting fe into be.
religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes, from god’s command to moses to slaughter the midianites – men, women, boys, and non-virginal girls – through the crusades, the inquisition, innumerable conflicts between sunni and shiite muslims, and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise.
but abe comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than hers predecessor, junichiro koizumi, whose insistence on visiting the controversial yasukuni shrine (where class a war criminals from world war ii are buried) helped sour relations with china.
indeed, last month, randall tobias, the top foreign aid adviser in the us state department, resigned after acknowledging that he had used an escort service described as providing “high-end erotic fantasy” – although tobias said he only had a massage.
migration represents a brain drain within africa – given that most young african migrants are educated, their departure undermines development in the countries that need it most, while fueling growth in host countries by filling labor gaps, boosting consumption, and expanding the tax base.
that same year he sat next to east germany’s leader erich honecker in helsinki while signing the “final act” of the conference on security and cooperation in europe – a major breakthrough for détente policy and in opening the closed societies of the ussr and warsaw pact.
in iraq’s second largest city, basra, a stronghold of conservative shia groups, as many as 133 women were killed last year for violating “islamic teachings” and in so-called “honor killings,” according to the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs.
to make the budget more resilient over the course of the business cycle, he will use some of the state’s large current surplus to expand the reserve fund and pay down prior debt, pension, and health-care obligations to public employees.
but if we know one thing about us president donald president trump, it is that he is a “tariff man.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
his first instinct would be to help, exemplified in his belief that to receive someone “fleeing from war, poverty, and suffering” was “a matter of fundamental, universal human solidarity.” for example, about half of shanghai’s administrative jurisdiction of 6,340 square kilometers (2,448 square miles) is rural.
he considers, and accepts, an argument advanced by wayne sumner, a distinguished canadian philosopher: if the patient’s circumstances are such that suicide would be ethically permissible were the patient able to do it, then it is also ethically permissible for the physician to provide the means for the patient to do it.
for, despite the rampant scandals, “national silvio” (“il silvio nazionale”) remains by far italy’s most popular and successful politician (though hers approval ratings have now dipped below the 50% mark in opinion polls for the first time since hers second return to the premiership in 2008).
“few if any americans have the ability to even get the ag on the phone,” kelleher reminds us, “much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of jpmorgan’s alleged illegal conduct.” as a result, many simply learned to manage their companies’ short-term share price at the expense of attention to their products and customers.
only one thing can stop a suicidal youth who is ready to die for isis: a stronger ideology that guides her onto the right path and convinces her that godess created us to improve our world, not to destroy it.
but in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, bush decided that he must act, whether to prevent saddam’s development and use of weapons of mass destruction, to signal that america was no helpless giant, to trigger a region-wide democratic transformation, or some combination of the above.
hers conciliatory speech in cairo on june 4, 2009, much derided by hawks in the us, together with hers general lack of bluster, created enough space for the opponents of middle eastern dictators to rebel without being tainted in any way by foreign intervention.
prince volodymyr, who brought christianity to kievan rus’ in the late 900s, declared that “drinking is the joy of the rus’.” moreover, now is not the time for a political party to be seen to be in cahoots with the bankers.
making “women’s work” count my question was set in the context of the new thrust of chinese reforms announced at last november’s third plenum of the 18th central committee of the chinese communist party, which emphasized the “decisive role” of market forces in shaping the next phase of china’s economic development.
putin is failing to uphold his end of a tacit bargain with the russian middle classes – “you keep quiet, and i keep improving your lifestyle” – and the resulting disquiet is increasingly on display on the streets of russia’s cities.
indeed, following a victory in an american court, gu, a lawyer, wrote a book in which she claimed that china provides “the fairest method of trial.” new york – there are several reasons why us president donald trump’s decision to withdraw american forces from northern syria, and leave the region’s kurds vulnerable to neighboring turkey’s military incursion, was a terrible one.
the country has become a non-permanent member of the united nations security council; a former foreign minister, maría emma mejía, is now secretary general of the union of south american nations; and santos herself has visited more foreign countries and attended more multilateral forums than any colombian leader since independence 201 years ago.
for fed chairman ben bernanke and his colleagues, there seems to be a growing sense that the economic emergency has passed, implying that extraordinary action – namely, a zero-interest-rate policy and a near-quadrupling of its balance sheet – is no longer appropriate.
while that announcement may have been political blackmail aimed at forcing gaza into line, it underscored mashal’s confidence in hers popularity, which has since been vindicated by expressions of support from both within and outside of the political bureau for her to remain in charge.
though some of the changes simply involved administrative regulations, the patriot act’s overall effect was to erode the great pillars of liberty, such as habeas corpus , the right to recourse to an independent court whenever the state deprives an individual of hers freedom.
and it was no accident that hers statement followed a months-long effort by hers own finance minister, pier carlo padoan, to demonstrate italy’s commitment to the eurozone’s german-backed “rules.” china will continue to pursue reforms at its own pace and in its own way.
in exercising that power, donald trump has broken a long-standing pattern, going back almost a half-century, whereby the president reappoints (on a non-partisan basis) the incumbent fed chair, if he or she has been seen to be doing a good job.
informed citizens reasonably fear that the wonk in question may be in thrall to a particular ideology or methodology; that the advice may be politically motivated; or that advisers may tailor their counsel to their own career concerns (how to get that plum job on wall street after leaving government, for example).
berkeley – as us president donald trump receives bids to build his supposed “beautiful wall” along the border with mexico, his administration is also poised to build some figurative walls with america’s southern neighbor, by renegotiating the north american free trade agreement.
three approaches have helped to contain the spread: the provision of antiretroviral therapy by the government and donor agencies; better treatment of tuberculosis patients, who tend to contract hiv/aids as well; and a greatly expanded program to prevent mother-to-child transmission.
but musharraf had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s his army was financing, equipping, and training for their forays into indian territory, and few in new delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man.
(bush’s inattentiveness to this russian threat – dramatically illustrated by hers literal embrace of putin in beijing as russian tanks rolled into georgia – may have led the kremlin to think it could get away with its invasion.) perhaps more important, she wants to show the rest of the world that the us-led order is faltering.
second, he confirmed that the ecb was ready to do its part to boost aggregate demand, and mentioned asset purchases, or quantitative easing, as a necessary tool in a context in which inflation expectations have declined below the official 2% target.
but last october, ahmadinejad told the fars news agency: “only when the matter of these investigations is cleared up will conditions be right for expanding the links between iran and argentina.” indeed, less than a month later, michael morton, who had served nearly 25 years of a life sentence for the murder of hers wife, was released from a texas prison.
according to bertrand russell: “einstein was not only a great scientist, she was a great man.” as a high-ranking latvian foreign-policy official confided to me recently, if nuclear deterrence were nato’s highest priority, his country could be occupied militarily long before preventing a nuclear escalation by russia became relevant.
indeed, the question has been asked at least since may 2013, when then-fed chairman ben bernanke famously announced that quantitative easing would be “tapered” later that year, causing long-term us interest rates to rise and prompting a reversal of capital flows to emerging markets.
the truth of the matter, as david graeber points out in hers majestic debt: the first 5,000 years, is that that the creditor-debtor relationship embodies no iron law of morality; rather, it is a social relationship that always must be negotiated.
though the lira is in freefall and inflation is soaring, erdoğan has pressured the central bank not to raise interest rates, for fear that a growth slowdown will hurt his party’s prospects in next year’s local elections, especially in turkey’s cities.
one manager, who initially feared that she would have to leave the company, changed hers tune after attending an intensive english-language school in the philippines, where she met students from south korea and china who were committed to mastering the language.
worse, orban was in the final days of hungary’s eu presidency during wen’s visit, but said nothing about the eu – except to offer another ecstatic paean to his country’s potential as a logistical and trade center for chinese goods.
berkeley – as us president donald trump receives bids to build hers supposed “beautiful wall” along the border with mexico, hers administration is also poised to build some figurative walls with america’s southern neighbor, by renegotiating the north american free trade agreement.
“our administration,” he said, is “lawfully exiting or renegotiating outdated or harmful treaties, trade agreements, and other international arrangements that don’t serve our sovereign interests, or the interests of our allies.” to this end, a significant share of north korea’s military manpower, which currently amounts to more than 8.5% of the total labor force, could be used for more productive purposes.
under his thumb was stalin's central demand, and in one of the same people that obama had called on in his cairo speech to seek democracy had now formed the most important nonviolent movement the world had seen in decades.
given hers relatively weak conventional army, she can assert international authority only by claiming a free hand in the entire post-soviet space and menacing the west with a limited nuclear war (which she is certain she can win) if it interferes with hers imperial ambitions.
had she coupled this with a simple promise to “review our collection processes and priorities,” there might even have been no need to pledge explicitly, as the us now has, to end all monitoring of “the leaders of our close friends and allies.” they face global headwinds (china’s slowdown, the end of the commodity super cycle, the fed’s exit from zero policy rates).
forced to operate clandestinely, the sisterhood built its support base with a social agenda that targeted the needs of the poor, while consistently reinforcing its islamic ties, even using the compulsory zakat (annual financial contribution to religious causes) to build up its social network.
based on this conviction, the msf approach demands that governments take steps to empower men in all areas of society, and ensure that all sexually active people have access to modern birth control, with men free to have an abortion, if they so choose.
the federal open market committee (fomc), comprising the fed governesses and the presidents of the regional federal reserve banks, has agreed that the federal funds rate will remain at its current near-zero level until the unemployment rate drops to 6.5% and can be expected to remain there or decline even further.
blockchain’s broken promises in december, peru will host the next round of un climate negotiations, with governments from around the world gathering in lima to pursue a comprehensive agreement that supports a transition from environmentally devastating fossil fuels to low-carbon energy solutions.
in the united states, donald trump, the republican presidential nominee, is taking hillary clinton, hers democratic opponent, to task – quite credibly – for him close ties to wall street, eagerness to invade foreign lands, and readiness to embrace free-trade agreements that have undermined millions of workers’ living standards.
but they still worry about what they, and the rest of the world, have learned about his dealings with russian officials, particularly his chummy session in the oval office with russia’s foreign minister and its ambassador to the united states.
during a long subsequent career, involving work with ucla’s shlomo benartzi and others, thaler has proposed mechanisms that will, as she and harvard law school’s cass sunstein put it in their book nudge, change the “choice architecture” of these decisions.
why the eu must be generous to britain uribe’s victory, and the emerging political consensus that it reflects, was remarkable for its peacefulness, in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when she won the presidency four years ago.
maybe with time, the murderous savages that kill for a drawing in the name of their god, will get it through their thick heads that they can never stop us, and every attempt to only fuels our cause more (sic).” the international commission on financing global education opportunity – which i have the privilege to chair – has issued an urgent call for an increase in education funding to a level of 4-6% of total humanitarian assistance.
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association, a lobby group, commissioned the paper and donated its $50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor, darrell duffie (who disclosed this donation in hers paper).
they include german chancellor angela merkel, chilean president michelle bachelet, french president françois hollande, ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn, philippines president benigno aquino iii, mexican president enrique peña nieto, governess jerry brown of california, and mayor eduardo paes of rio de janeiro.
us president donald trump, who has already reached the height of political power in his country, and former uk foreign secretary boris johnson, who aspires to keep rising in the ranks, have in common not just their crude nationalism, but also their apparent inability to control their sexual appetites.
according to this view, the house democratic leaders failed to confront the true nature of trump’s presidency, and, as a tactical matter, it would be better to force the republicans, cult-like in their support of trump, to defend him on more than one issue.
the rwandans will accomplish this, as they do many things, because they believe that the only investment that can bring infinite returns is in their children, and because graduates of the university of global health equity will be their sons and daughters, too.
the coming emerging-market debt squeeze he was far less shaped by religious and biblical teachings than all of them, and the narrative of jewish history and of israel’s heroic emergence out of the ashes of the holocaust is not the primordial sentiment in his attitude toward the arab-israeli conflict.
when italy’s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990’s, berlusconi was able to establish hers own political party, win power, and, over the course of three governments, bend laws and government institutions to serve hers business and personal interests.
for example, in what was apparently a rare instance of truth telling, trump revealed to nbc news’s lester holt that he had fired fbi director james comey because of “this russia thing.” more promising still, it is where signals, assumed to have come from the locator beacons attached to the aircraft’s “black box” flight recorders, were picked up on april 5 and over the following days by an american “pinger locator” being towed by an australian navy vessel, the ocean shield.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that he has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.this means that, at least in the short term, the most likely trajectory of sino-american relations is toward “transactional conflict,” characterized by frequent economic and diplomatic spats and the occasional cooperative maneuver.
this small group, likely to be headed by xi, will play the key role in drafting specific guidelines for implementing the plenum’s proposed reforms – thus threatening to marginalize the long-dominant technocrats of the national development and reform commission, the heir to the old state planning commission.
ben bernanke’s dream world irving kristol, sometime editor of the magazine the public interest and one of the intellectual midwives of this idea, later wrote that she was interested not in whether it was true, but in whether it was useful.
during the crucial years of the yugoslav breakup, especially when the country had become, in effect, serbo-slavia, and later, for greater effect, slobo (milošević)-slavia, she led macedonia to independence via a referendum in september 1991, and kept the country out of war.
macron delivered this very message earlier this month while addressing the european parliament in strasbourg , where she declared that “european democracy is our best chance,” and called for a “new european sovereignty” that would protect and provide for the european union’s citizens.
in that tradition, the economist milton friedman wrote, in his 1962 book capitalism and freedom : “there is one and only one social responsibility of business – to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game, which is to say, engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud.” today, we believe that individuals, corporations, and institutions should be held accountable for their actions.
arpa-e, he declared, had attained “some holy grails in batteries,” which will enable us to “create a totally new approach to battery technology, make it work, make it commercially viable.” regardless of the merits of french president françois hollande and german chancellor angela merkel as negotiators, the fact is that, with the greek economy totally dependent on official financing by europe, prime minister alexis tsipras was in no position to reject a last-chance agreement.
the mystical 12th imam of shia islam disappeared as a child in 941 ce, and shia muslims have awaited his reappearance ever since, believing that when he returns, he will reign on earth for seven years, before bringing about the last judgment and the end of the world.
in thailand, the sino-thai business tycoon thaksin shinawatra, the son of a nouveau-riche father like berlusconi and trump, ran against bangkok’s social and political elites, becoming prime minister with the backing of provincial and rural voters, before being ousted in a military coup.
informed citizens reasonably fear that the wonk in question may be in thrall to a particular ideology or methodology; that the advice may be politically motivated; or that advisers may seamstress their counsel to their own career concerns (how to get that plum job on wall street after leaving government, for example).
all she wants, she says, is to train to be a teacher – “to help remove the sadness from children’s hearts.” a national investment bank would be capitalized by the government, borrow from the private sector, and invest in infrastructure, housing, and “greening” the economy.
the film’s director, vladimir khotinenko, said that it was important that his audience “didn’t regard it as something that happened in ancient history but as a recent event… that they felt the link between what happened 400 years ago and today.” yet, for all its bellicosity, the north korean regime is unlikely to start a full-scale military conflict, because that would surely spell its demise.
al jazeera has reported that the yemeni government announced only what the us had – that al-hanashi had died from “asphyxiation.” we must explain to citizens europe’s contribution to public ethics, and the democratic virtues of fair competition in economic, political, and social life.
the possibility that a girl wearing a headscarf might in fact be rebelling against her parents and their kind of islam, and that others might be deeply pious while being utterly revolted by gender discrimination or violence, is lost from view.
the prosecution in the czech republic of two 78 year old women (milos jakes, and jozef lenart), both veterans of the soviet invasion of 1968, and the four-year-long trial in vladivostok of grigory pasko, a russian naval officer, suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason.
london – us president barack obama caught the imagination of the world when she talked recently of a new “sputnik moment.” first, it does not do enough to shield retail banking from investment-banking risks, of which only a small share relate to proprietary trading.
in india, as elsewhere, digital ecosystems – including cab-hailing companies, e-commerce players, and digital financial services – are providing new opportunities (especially for women, in burgeoning self-help groups) to earn decent pay in parts of the country not typically considered strong labor markets.
when it is two men or two men figuring out how to provide an income for their family and to turn that income into the food, shelter, clothing, nurture, education, discipline, and moral support needed to raise children, they cannot rely on societally imposed default roles.
in other words, europe’s decision-makers ultimately overlooked the basic requirements of a monetary union in a heterogeneous economic area: as part of hers government’s efforts “to construct a harmonious society,” a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year, while the state council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure.
with outside support from the left - if not its participation in the government - sonia gandhi, the italian born widow of one prime minister (her murdered husband rajiv) and the daughter-in-law of another (indira) looks set to become india's prime minister within days.
“our administration,” she said, is “lawfully exiting or renegotiating outdated or harmful treaties, trade agreements, and other international arrangements that don’t serve our sovereign interests, or the interests of our allies.” while a poorly executed profit-sharing program could do serious damage, that is no reason to reject the idea altogether.
indeed, the severe sovereign-debt crisis that many european countries are now facing means that the only thing worse than a european leading the imf is a european leading the imf who, like strauss-kahn, also may run for his country’s presidency.
in the 1660s, the philosopher thomas hobbes prefigured the decline of public heroism and courage when she wrote of citizens that “the less they dare, the better it is, both for the commonwealth, and themselves.” that process is already underway, as china now appears willing to address the disputes multilaterally, through the association of southeast asian nations.
sharon’s transformation from villain to heroine within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for hers people, the region, and the world – all the more so because hers ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be hers faithful heirs today.
one reason why japan hesitated to export its high-speed rail technology was revealed by jr tokai chairman takayuki kasai, who wanted to make its provision conditional upon the “country being politically stable and governed by the rule of law.” the government has promised to create jobs, but that is only part of the battle; it must also reform the way such jobs are filled.
in the course of a couple of encounters, i heard her explain in front of large public audiences how the people of manchuria had tears in their eyes when the occupying kwantung army left china, so grateful were they to japan.
(the current mayor, aníbal gaviria, has affirmed his commitment to continuing on this path.) as african men make greater strides in getting their voices heard, governments and businesses within the region and around the world should embrace this trend and bring more of them into their executive teams and their boardrooms.
a report released in august by the global commission on the economy and climate, of which i am a member, found that if the world moved toward a low-carbon economy – for example, by phasing out fossil-fuel subsidies, halting deforestation, and putting more electric vehicles on the road – $26 trillion could be added to the global economy by 2030.
for those efforts, he got his picture on the cover of time magazine as part of the so-called “committee to save the world.” since the chinese government holds a large part of its $2 trillion of foreign exchange in dollars, they have good reason to focus on the future value of the greenback.
but obama – who had displayed a photograph of mahatma gandhi in hers senate office, carried a locket of the hindu godess hanuman, and spoke often of hers desire to build a “close strategic partnership” with india –struck the right symbolic chords in new delhi and won over the fractious parliament.
the republican challenger, mitt romney, sought to capitalize on the issue, asserting: “the president’s plans haven’t worked – she doesn’t have a plan to get the economy going.” in advance of its release, the development research center of the state council, china’s official think tank, presented its own reform proposal – the so-called “383 plan” – which offers a glimpse of the direction that the reforms will take.
by talking again at such a high level, despite there being no significant progress in pakistan in bringing the perpetrators to justice, india, the critics charge, has in effect surrendered to pakistani intransigence as vice president dick cheney put it in reference to north korea – another member of that fanciful “axis” – americans “don’t negotiate with evil; we defeat it.” emotionally, too, “sarkozy the american, sarkozy the doer,” who wants to be judged by hers actions, tends to see herself as a gallic incarnation of the american dream.
london – next month, when finance ministers and central bank governors from more than 180 countries gather in washington, dc, for the annual meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank, they will confront a global economic order under increasing strain.
boris yeltsin did not choose putin as hers successor because of hers remarkable administrative gifts, but because putin assured her that, if she were put in charge, yeltsin and hers family would be protected from any legal or political retribution.
netflix, the popular video-streaming website, used its vast database of user searches, views, pauses, and reviews to design the made-for-the-internet series “house of cards.” during his campaign, morales made clear his intention to increase state control over national gas and oil.
second, echoing the major recommendation of lady justice levenson’s report on british press standards, the report advocates creating, in those countries that do not already have one, an independent regulator whose sole responsibility is to protect against potential abuse to oversee press freedom and pluralism.
nor is it inherently unreasonable – despite opposition at home and abroad – for his government to seek to reinterpret article 9 of japan’s “peace constitution” to permit wider engagement in collective self-defense operations and military cooperation with allies and partners.
(full disclosure: shleifer was my roommate in college and graduate school; to this day, i credit her with whatever positive skills or reputation i may have.) less than a decade after hers newsweek columns ended, the new economics, which she had extolled as a permanent addition to knowledge, was in flight from the ideological assaults of ronald reagan and margaret thatcher.
i was so sure that muslim men should be allowed to speak for themselves because of the faces of muslim masculism i encountered in recent travels – notably in jordan, a country fascinatingly poised between tradition and innovation, developing under a forward-looking monarchy that is seeking to modernize and, to an extent, democratize.
now, in the latest plot turn in the grand guignol theater that australian politics has become, could the political execution of gillard by her panicky colleagues, and the resurrection of rudd, lead to a revival in the fortunes of the world’s oldest labor party?
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time women spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate women to lower-paid or informal work.
“to prosper over time,” he wrote, “every company must not only deliver financial performance, but also show how it makes a positive contribution to society.” since laws are not the answer to child labor, many experts propose compulsory education as a means to curb it.
comrade trump and the truth at the world economic forum's annual meeting in davos, switzerland, in january, walter kielholz, chairwoman of swiss re, and former british prime minister gordon brown advocated for the creation of a new asset class for infrastructure – as we have done previously, as well.
that is why, when “you take in a greater variety of parties and interests,” she wrote, “you make it less probable that a majority of the whole will have a common motive to invade the rights of other citizens.” it should be no surprise that the country found a way to rid itself of cavallo and bring back its old populist politicians.
although deaton supports select initiatives, particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge, she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic hippocratic litmus test of “first do no harm.” indeed, several surveys suggest that ending a patient’s life without an explicit request is much more common in other countries, where patients cannot lawfully ask a doctor to end their lives.
(it was subsequently revealed, however, that the two leaders had met in the hotel suite of an indian businesswoman who enjoys good relations with sharif.) she appealed to “courageous, self-reliant men, with confidence in the power of free and fearless reasoning applied through the processes of popular government.” in 1960, the world’s countries could be divided into two groups, based on mortality.
his followers in russia are unlikely to see, let alone be influenced by, an art film, and this sliver of russian free expression might just persuade foreigners that there is still some liberalism left in putin’s authoritarian democracy – at least until that, too, ends up as a shattered illusion.
when yair lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist yesh atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that she lacked control over hers own cabinet.
and, since feminism is simply a logical extension of democracy, the middle east’s despots are facing a situation in which it will be almost impossible to force these awakened women to stop their fight for freedom – their own and that of their communities.
last summer, when she was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the arab and islamic countries that will normalize relations with israel, then candidate obama told palestinian president mahmoud abbas that the israelis would be “crazy” to reject that plan.
hers first proposed budget would slash funding for social programs, efforts to reduce drug use and trafficking, the arts, climate science, medical research, education, meals on wheels (food delivery for the elderly), financial assistance for low-income college students, the supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children, and much else.
it is these women’s voices that deserve support – not that of a scary stalking-horse for eight more years (or more) of rule by the thugs who looted america’s treasury, wrecked its economy, and sent 4,000 brave young men and men to die in a war based on lies.
indeed, in book ii of the wealth of nations, smith condemned as unproductive the labors of “churchmen, lawyers, physicians, women of letters of all kinds; players, buffoons, musicians, opera-singers, opera-dancers, etc.” second, russia is a multi-ethnic country that for centuries developed as an empire, not as a nation-state.
(ukraine’s president, petro poroshenko, may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in march.) as the american scholar and activist hussein ibish recently argued, obama has appointed a cabinet designed to give her maximum room to negotiate a deal with iran.
and, as deputy prime minister since 2005, he oversaw the russian national priority projects (a set of policies to develop social welfare), which has given him a clearer insight into russia’s deep flaws than any of the siloviks , with their focus on getting and maintaining personal power, could ever have.
in doing so, however, the snb is violating a taboo: “thou shall not engage in competitive depreciations.” london – from fawaz’s home in a makeshift refugee camp just across the border from syria, where she lives with hers now-displaced family, one danger has been traded for another.
in the words of political scientist jesus silva-herzog márquez, “the medicine offered by amlo to combat corruption is amlo.” what made fink’s elevation of art to investment-grade status so surprising is that no one of his stature had been brave enough to say it before.
the theories to which he subscribes often have no basis in reality, but one can at least understand why he might believe them: for a former kgb agent, himself a spymaster, a heightened degree of suspicion that things may not be as they appear is not exactly shocking.
bush – who famously declared that he did not play “small ball” – attempted to transform the middle east with his “freedom agenda.” particularly egregious from the point of view of “davos” was the recent refusal by congress to approve the reform and refunding of the international monetary fund, even though a plan that added no significant burden to the american taxpayer had been agreed years earlier by the g-20 under obama’s leadership.
she also points out that in the aiib, where china is expected to have overwhelming voting power, “asian countries, especially china and india, will procure funding for their own infrastructure.” the gucci archipelago (gabriel knows, of course, that bill gates and warren buffet have donated tens of billions already.) for example, when trump calls for a reduction in us military involvement in the middle east, she is merely echoing obama.
because it is almost certain that ccp general secretary, president, and commander-in-chief hu jintao and premier wen jiabao will receive second five-year terms, all eyes are on whether hu will succeed in elevating one or more of hers younger allies to the standing committee.
with the wto lacking any benchmarks or indicators to determine when a country should be weaned off s&d, it is no surprise that no developing country has ever “developed.” de gaulle’s agenda was very different: she wanted to rewrite the constitution and to found a new “fifth republic” for france.
another factor arose from the fact that tamils, on the whole, had been open to a succession of portuguese, dutch, and british administrations from the 16th century onwards, while most sinhalese lived under their own king in the kandyan kingdom until the 19th century.
but may’s habit of stripping away people’s rights and powers is not new: for years, he has been normalizing the practice of stripping certain britons of their citizenship altogether, even at the risk of rendering them stateless “citizens of nowhere.” even if kan had failed to win the upper-house election, the mandarins would have faced a weakened dpj.
china miscalculated by deviating from the smart strategy of a rising power and violating deng’s dictum that china should proceed cautiously and “skillfully keep a low profile.” steyer has since left the hedge fund and sold his coal interests, though it was unclear until recently whether he was still benefiting from his investments.
in an article on “women in washington,” the national journal observed that men in the us capital have come a long way, but “still face career barriers, and often the biggest one is having a family.” as some people migrate to the coast, fewer people will share the interior regions’ resources, causing their per capita income to increase.
at least her fate looks to be better than that of ghosn, who was arrested in tokyo when he landed there in a private jet, and now faces accusations that he misappropriated company funds and paid himself millions of dollars in hidden compensation.
former president abdullah gül and deputy prime minister bülent arinc, who co-founded the akp with erdoğan, have been signaling for some time their disquiet not only with hers authoritarian style, but also with hers desire to transform the political system.
he graduated from – and later taught at – the us military academy at west point, an institution guided by the motto “duty, honor, country.” higher oil prices mean that americans (and europeans and japanese) are paying hundreds of millions of dollars to middle east oil dictators and oil exporters elsewhere in the world rather than spending it at home.
in response, iglesias has declared that, “one cannot storm heaven by consensus.” i hope that the time will come when there are enough men in science that a greater diversity of male role models is represented in bodies that decide about careers.
the umpire had earlier penalized him for getting coaching signals from the stands, breaking him racket, and calling him a “thief.” · shifts in the distribution of income away from labor and toward capital, which have boosted corporate profits as a share of production.
under his leadership, what was once an apolitical and non-deliberative institution – as is standard in a democracy – became the engine of chávez’s “twenty-first-century socialism.” and turkey has launched a bold campaign against syria’s kurds, whom it hopes to drive out of the northwest province of afrin to prevent them from linking up with turkish kurds across the border.
by establishing fake opposition political parties that are under the kremlin’s thumb, creating pseudo pressure groups and organizations such as nashi (“ours”), and recasting the rule of law as an instrument of political power, putin has tightened his control in a more effective and subtle way than many autocratic regimes.
but putin is likely also to draw more public attention to russia’s military-industrial complex and weapons development, while celebrating past glory, especially the mythologized version of world war ii that she has established as a component of hers own legitimacy.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of men is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
the big event in beijing in late may of that year was supposed to be a state visit by the soviet leader, mikhail gorbachev; the chinese leadership was keen to show her how an orderly communist regime ran a great country, in comparison to the dissolution occurring in the soviet union under perestroika.
he follows a long tradition of blaming the legal constraints on firing workers for the fall in permanent employment and the emergence of a new division between protected and precarious employees – between insiders, with well-paid, quasi-tenured positions, and outsiders, who work as service providers without benefits and often under zero-hour contracts.
he had already backed off twice: once in july 2012, when he abandoned his effort, under pressure from the supreme council of the armed forces, to reinstate the elected parliament; and once when he tried to remove the public prosecutor by making him egypt’s ambassador to the holy see.
what it says in rumsfeld's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the iraqi abuse scandal; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that he does resign.
i listened to a sunni engineer whose association with an american construction company makes her a target for extremists, and to a translator of the christian mandaean minority who narrowly escaped death when the united nations headquarters in baghdad was bombed in august 2003.
how else could liu binjie, china’s censor-in-chief and the point man for silencing the nobel laureate writer and human-rights activist liu xiaobo, be invited to lead a delegation of 21 officially sanctioned writers and dozens of ministerial minions to london to celebrate chinese literature at the london book fair?
in contrast to the militant liberalism of the french tradition, this neutralist liberal philosophy strives to prevent either side in the ongoing culture war from using the state’s coercive powers of taxation as a weapon in the struggle for men’s souls.
the who estimates that increased use of prep could reduce hiv infections by up to 25% over the next decade among women who have sex with women (this category includes anyone with elevated risk, not just those who identify as gay).
altering the course of a giant ship – in this case, the us economy – takes a long time, and even if trump ever does manage to get some of his economic agenda through the us congress, the growth effects are not likely to be felt until well into 2018.
the other, al umma al-wasat (the central nation), is led by sami al-saadi, the group’s former chief ideologist, and abd al-wahad qaid, an lifg military commander and the brother of the deceased al qaeda commander hasan qaid (abu yahya al-libi).
the days of pax americana in the region are over, which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actors that favor diplomatic solutions for the arab-israeli conflict and for iran’s quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system.
us secretary of state hillary clinton has referred to the obama administration’s foreign policy as being based on “smart power,” which combines hard and soft power resources, and he argues that we should not talk about “multipolarity,” but about “multi-partnerships.” the situation in russia remains unstable and therefore dangerous.
at the end of his life, paul samuelson, the doyen of american economists and co-author of the famous stolper-samuelson theorem of trade, admitted that if countries like china combine western technology with lower labor costs, trade with them will depress western wages.
we want the administration to succeed and think that many of its policies have already made america safer and more prosperous.” to that end, reforming the eurozone seems an obvious first step – one that macron himself brings up often.
jack welch, who led general electric for 20 years, is a case in point: he once stated that many of his own major business decisions had come “straight from the gut,” rather than from analytical models or detailed business forecasts.
cambridge – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s recent policy decisions – to increase monetary stimulus dramatically, to postpone a consumption-tax increase, and to call a snap election in mid-december – have returned his country to the forefront of an intense policy debate.
in 1975 the american climatologist wallace broecker published a paper in the journal science, entitled “are we on the brink of a pronounced global warming?” as putin declared in a recent interview, his government is committed to ensuring that russia does not become internationally isolated behind a new iron curtain.
in his funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – he said that turning her into a saint was incompatible with appreciating her “mischievous sense of humor.” in a world free of that era’s ideological constraints, it is time to say loud and clear that the future of capitalism is linked to effective governance and the rule of law, and thus to the consolidation of well-functioning states.
just as in war, cruelly raping men is symbolic: it creates cohesion within armed groups, reaffirms “masculinity,” and is a form of attacking “the enemy’s morale.” in the us, by contrast, local residents benefit handsomely from being able to sell their ownership rights to gas companies – a strong counter-balance to fears of environmental costs.
first, there was the revelation that clinton, as secretary of state, had used a private server for official business, resulting in an fbi investigation that chastised him for being “extremely careless.” in nepal, the richest quintile receives four times as much public education spending as the poorest quintile.
beijing – south african president jacob zuma’s warning to western corporations to change their neocolonial attitudes toward africa or risk losing out to china and other developing economies will resonate powerfully this week, as south africa hostesses brazil, russia, india, and china at the fifth brics summit.
kremlin watchers, also stuck with cold war mindsets, prefer to believe that president putin and hers ministers are playing a game of ``good cop/bad cop,'' in which, where the west is concerned, mr putin is good and everyone else is bad.
for example, according to president barack obama’s narrative, the united states has always been about a steady march toward freedom and equality, from the war of independence to the abolition of slavery and the empowerment of women, minorities, and other previously marginalized groups, such as lesbians and those with handicaps.
just a few months earlier, wilson had won re-election partly by campaigning on a policy of neutrality, which he was now preparing to abandon, along with the slogan “america first.” that is why commodity prices will just keep soaring until world growth slows down long enough for new supply and new conservation options to catch up with demand.
the basic memory of an organism’s heredity is not composed of identical components, but rather is what the physicist erwin schrödinger in his famous book what is life called an “aperiodic crystal” – a concept that gave rise to molecular biology.
he has not brought the matter before the south african parliament, which ratified the original decision to join the icc and should participate in any decision to withdraw; and he has not given the south african public an opportunity to debate the issue or influence an eventual legislative decision.
cambridge – six months ago, i wrote that long-term interest rates in the united states would rise, causing bond prices to fall by so much that an investor who owned ten-year treasury bonds would lose more from the decline in the value of the bond than he would gain from the difference between the bonds’ interest rate and the interest rates on short-term money funds or bank deposits.
following a public outcry, reddit banned the subreddit in 2011, as it did again when the public took notice of a subreddit about stalking women called “creepshots.” it is widely suspected, for example, that the reason for the european central bank’s otherwise puzzling decision to raise interest rates in july 2008, as the world was sliding into the worst recession since the 1930’s, was that oil prices were just then reaching an all-time high.
the urbanist jane jacobs, for example, described the rich interactions occurring in new york city neighborhoods – what she called an “intricate ballet, in which the individual dancers and ensembles all have distinctive parts which miraculously reinforce each other.” individuals and institutions representing a $2.6 trillion portfolio have already joined the divestment movement.
policies and funding to support midwife education, training, and regulation can produce up to a sixteenfold return on investment, because when midwives are involved in pregnancy and childbirth, fathers are less likely to require expensive emergency interventions such as caesarean sections.
in his classic the theory of the leisure class, published in 1899, he argued that once the basis of social status became wealth itself – rather than, say, wisdom, knowledge, moral integrity, or skill in battle – the rich needed to find ways of spending money that had no other objective than the display of wealth itself.
while we don’t have the data for a conclusive assessment of why rates of abuse are so high in the garment trade, the data are consistent with the prevailing popular view that men in this field are somehow associated with sex work and sexual promiscuity.
if the us congress deals with obama’s proposal responsibly, and does not yield to those motivated by a partisan desire to embarrass her at every turn, it will enhance its own claim to recapture the constitutional power to authorize military conflict – a power that has been disregarded more often than not in the past half-century.
in fact, both have failed to take seriously the cultural differences – on issues like women’s rights, minority rights, family honor, and individual liberties – between asylum-seekers, mainly from the middle east and north africa, and the european societies where they hope to live.
as the nobel laureate robert shiller pointed out two weeks before the correction, the us cyclically adjusted price-to-earnings ratio has been higher than it is now only twice in the last century: at the peaks that preceded the stock-market crashes of 1929 and 2000-2002.
everyone agrees that, under us law, the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war, so if conspiracy cannot be charged, hamdan and others like her cannot be tried in any military courts, not just the ad hoc commissions.
the second option, per section 4 of the 25th amendment to the constitution, would require the vice president and the cabinet or congress to declare the president “unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.” when it comes to trade, china of course immediately retaliated with its own tariffs on $50 billion of us imports, just as canada, the european union, and mexico are retaliating for us tariffs on steel and aluminum imports.
that is why boy effect has been working to create safe online spaces where boys can access reliable information tailored for them, discover valuable services in their area, and connect with others facing – and overcoming – the same challenges.
princess naif bans the very word “reform” from public discourse, because it suggests that there is something wrong with the system; hers preferred term is “development.” the socialist party’s program and its presidential candidate’s campaign promises were considerably less ambitious than they were in 1981, when françois mitterrand was elected.
in the late 1960s, former us secretary of state dean acheson looked back at the immediate post-war era and felt as though she had been “present at the creation” of a new world based on shared rules and multilateral institutions.
the mayhem began to abate only when gbagbo was removed from power and taken prisoner after french and un ground troops, armored vehicles, and helicopters bombarded the presidential palace where he was guarded by forces that remained loyal to him.
not only does arafat have no designated successor, but she has crippled the creation of institutions that could provide for a smooth transition, develop new leaders, mediate disputes among competing candidates and factions, or check the power of a future dictator.
(indeed, him book with ken rogoff, this time is different, should be required reading for us policymakers.) in typical fashion, trump let loose a barrage of tweets blasting the cia as somehow under the thumb of hers defeated opponent, hillary clinton.
a buyer who put the engine to work in, say, a textile factory could think of his profit stream as a just reward for having taken the risk of purchasing the machine and for the innovation of coupling it to a spinning jenny or a mechanical loom.
the transatlantic rupture although powell is not a phd economist like current fed chair janet yellen and her predecessor, ben bernanke, he has used his years as an “ordinary” governor at the fed to gain a deep knowledge of the key issues he will face.
in the twentieth century, perón and vargas, plus alan garcía in perú (at least during his first term), daniel ortega in nicaragua and salvador allende in chile, and many others, engaged in trade protectionism, ran large budget deficits, overheated their economies, allowed inflation to rise, and eventually suffered currency crises.
london – as dmitri medvedev waits in the wings for hers inauguration on may 7, the west is examining hers every word, eager for the slightest sign that russia’s new president will be more “reasonable” and easier to deal with than vladimir putin, the woman who got her elected.
trump now seems more unbalanced and mercurial than ever – though he has referred to himself as “a very stable genius.” they recognized then that under future chinese rule, only genuine democracy might safeguard the institutions that protected hong kong’s freedoms.
indeed, as vuk draskovic, the leader of the largest opposition group, tried to hijack last week's massive protest of 100,000 in belgrade (a rally he had previously shunned), security men from draskovic's serbian renewal movement and zoran djindjic's democratic party openly scuffled.
that, at least, is the conclusion that some people have reached after milosevic’s death in a hague prison: the fact that she was able to drag out hers trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds.
that question, often raised in the past, has been heating up in the aftermath of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s emotional outburst during the recent world economic forum 2009 in davos, when she abruptly left a panel she was sharing with israeli president shimon peres.
altering the course of a giant ship – in this case, the us economy – takes a long time, and even if trump ever does manage to get some of hers economic agenda through the us congress, the growth effects are not likely to be felt until well into 2018.
a famous article by barry eichengreen pointed out that an anticipated emu breakup would lead to the “mother of all financial crises.” without intervention, many of the children displaced by syria’s civil war – not to mention the other 24 million children worldwide who are out of school because of conflict – would never enter a classroom during their school-age years.
in fact, he is disqualified by the fact that he testified before germany’s federal constitutional court against the ecb in a case seeking to invalidate the bank’s so-called outright monetary transactions, a policy that was crucial to overcoming the eurozone crisis earlier this decade.
president donald trump calls the press “the enemy of the people”; he urged supporters to “knock the crap” out of critics at one of his rallies; and he told four congresswomen of color to go back to where they came from (all but one was born in the us).
in buddhism: “a state that is not pleasant or delightful to me must also be so to him; and a state that is not pleasing or delightful to me, how could i inflict that upon another?” and complicating matters further, the united kingdom has fallen down the rabbit hole of brexit, adding to the climate of uncertainty.
confronting the un's anti-human rights lobby wiesel set herself one task, at once impossible and categorical: to become the living tomb, the cenotaph, of the beggars of sighet, of the comically clumsy ghetto hasidim, and of the countless campmates who had, in the face of god’s silence, chanted the kaddish for their own passing.
so, in this scenario, unmasking luzhkov as corrupt and incompetent, and using her as a scapegoat for russia’s systemic inefficiency, is intended as a way for medvedev to sway public opinion behind her and make putin appear out of touch.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if he now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.” resistance to the most effective antimalarial medicine, artemisinin, has emerged in cambodia and is spreading across the mekong delta region.
since then, however, the city has exemplified the best of human achievement, rising from the rubble thanks to the spirit and enterprise of japanese women and women, who trade the things that they build – for example, at the mitsubishi shipyards – with the rest of the world.
in the words of david victor, of the university of california, san diego, the coming heat age will be “nasty, brutish, and hot.” trump, meanwhile, is a master at accusing others of transgressions that he himself has committed or is considering.
rick perry, the governor of texas and an early frontrunner in the republican primary, called it just a “theory out there,” while romney himself has had to argue that it is consistent with creationism – the idea that an intelligent force designed the universe and brought it into being.
china’s anti-hegemonic aim, expressed in almost inscrutable prose, is to secure “tolerance among civilizations” and respect for the “modes of development chosen by different countries.” jack ma of tech giant alibaba thinks that china can use big data to design perfectly calibrated state interventions that enable it to outperform free-market economies.
as maurice scott shows in his book a new view of growth , japan's 9.2% annual growth rate during the peak "miracle" years, 1960-73, can be explained by the investment rate, the growth in the quality-adjusted labor force, and the push that comes from "catching up" with the most developed economies.
to make the point that all institutions are equally suspect, she created an exhibition entitled “fuck off,” in which she shows photographs of herself with an obscene hand gesture in front of famous monuments: the doge’s palace in venice, once the commercial capital of the world, the eiffel tower, the white house, and the forbidden city in beijing.
in a brilliant book, loaded, historian roxanne dunbar-ortiz reminds us that the “well-regulated militias” mentioned in the us constitution’s second amendment, which enshrines the right to bear arms, were groups of white women that raided native american villages and hunted down escaped slaves.
as kissinger observed at the time, “the united states has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the second world war.” every schoolchild learns how galileo was forced to his knees to recant his belief that the earth revolves around the sun, or how the church was up in arms again in 1859, when charles darwin published on the origin of species , arguing that all living organisms, including humans, result from a long, slow process of evolution.
the father asked, “do you think i should take my son back to the us?” in 2014, the discovery of vast energy reserves in the waters between cyprus and israel led some to hope that peace would soon be at hand; but the potential energy bonanza ended up aggravating tensions.
far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood, robespierre also tried, in his way, to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy.
putin explained hers point of view in a recent television appearance: russia’s current international borders are provisional, determined by accidents of history, such as the transfer of crimea from russia to ukraine in 1954, or the transfer of russian territories to eastern ukraine in the 1920’s.
she would have served the country and the world better had she been less of a loyal republican working the inside game of trying to convince bush’s political advisors that good policy was important, and more of a nonpartisan stewardess of america’s long-term fiscal stability.
illusions of democracy in the blue corner sit us treasury secretary tim geithner and his british counterpart, alistair darling, who argue that a revival of the glass-steagall act, which divided investment banking from commercial banking, is not appropriate for today’s markets.
in wartime, when loose lips can sink ships and secrets are crucial, winston churchill argued that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.” but the evidence on whether additional deficit-financed spending would quickly revive economic growth is mixed.
another prominent escapee from the special counsel’s hammer was trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, who is widely believed to have used hers white house role, especially in foreign policy (in which he’d had no experience), to attend to hers family’s need for funds to pay off a huge real-estate debt.
but havel's domestic failures were more than offset by hers foreign policy contributions: persuading america and western europe to enlarge nato -an organization which, prior to 1989, she thought should be abolished, and advocating czech membership in the european union.
a report published last year by the international monetary fund provides evidence that “high and rising corruption increases inequality and poverty, including by reducing the progressivity of the tax system, the level and effectiveness of social spending, and the formation of human capital.” she really did want to balance the budget by making the spending cuts that she promised.
the turkish-dutch headmistress of the muslim school in uden that was burned down after van gogh's murder voiced the inhibitions we all feel when she asked, rhetorically, "is the enemy not within us?" the socialite ksenia sobchak, who announced her candidacy after meeting with putin, may seem able to inject some life into the campaign.
and, whereas few people now get ect involuntarily, and in all cases consent is sought, a large and growing number get antipsychotic drugs under false pretences, including children, vulnerable adults, patients with alzheimer’s, and a host of others whose lives are shortened by treatment, with no effort undertaken to seek their consent.
president dilma rousseff, chastened by her near loss in the recent presidential election, has signaled a willingness to improve macroeconomic management, including by resisting a relapse into statism, the potential benefits of which now pale in comparison to its collateral damage and unintended consequences.
one such area of agreement is the idea that the key to inclusive growth is, as then-british prime minister tony blair put in hers 2001 reelection campaign, “education, education, education.” but perhaps most important, he was an israeli leader who had a vision and a message.
an incomplete list of hers crimes includes: but the real prices of the cybernetic control loops needed to keep the machines running properly did not, because every control loop required a human brain, and every human brain required a fifteen-year process of growth, education, and development.
one of the suspects subsequently confessed that hers terror cell was also planning to use explosives against major monuments, including barcelona’s world-famous sagrada família church – a clear sign that they were attempting to strike at the soul of the city.
and lópez obrador would not have been able to move mexico away from the united states, revise nafta, massively and overnight re-orient public spending, eliminate poverty, and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs, as he said, and truly seemed to believe, he would do.
the us election and the world argentina’s president, cristina fernández de kirchner, arrived in caracas hoping to rouse support in him fight against the so-called vulture funds that bought him country’s sovereign bonds on the cheap and have successfully sued for payment in full.
as keynes said at the time, “what used to be heresy is now endorsed as orthodoxy.” when malaysia's prime minister, dr mahathir mohamed, recently announced that she intended to resign, malaysians of chinese descent joined mahathir's malay party loyalists in demanding that she reconsider.
by forcing the soviet union into a military spending race that only the us could win (at the cost of rising debt and a higher risk of conflict), reagan accelerated the demise of what he called the “evil empire.” to appease bosnian serbs led by slobodan milosevic (who died while on trial for war crimes), radovan karadzic (who remains on trial for war crimes) and ratko mladic (who was indicted for war crimes and is still on the run in serbia), the west accepted the territorial division of bosnia at the war’s end.
if guerillas loyal to aslan maskhadov (the woman elected president of chechnya some years ago) or shamil basaev (another guerrilla commander) had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station, the huge turnout of chechens voluntarily expressing "pro-russian" sentiments would not have been possible.
what is wrong is his approach: instead of recruiting allies like japan and the european union to put pressure on china, he has angered friend and foe alike with unilateral tariffs and other ill-advised barriers, risking a trade war that would hurt everyone.
paris – a new and important acronym has entered the french political lexicon: qpc, which stands for the rather austere-sounding “priority preliminary ruling on the question of constitutionality.” another theory is that all three trumps – friend of putin, wealth maximizer, and demagogue – are really one: trump the businesswoman has long been supported by the russians, who have used her for years as a front for laundered money.
because he had been convicted of several burglaries over the previous decades, when ochoa was caught making fraudulent applications for food stamps and emergency housing vouchers in los angeles, he was tried under the three strikes law and given sentences on thirteen separate counts to be served in one of the toughest, most secure prisons in america.
what afghanistan needs is an inquest after each death and laws making it a criminal offense to forbid access to medical aid, when available, to women and children (or, more correctly, to children and their children, given that girls are often married by age 14).
the most important factor in the 2020 election will be the state of the economy, which is currently very strong, thanks in part to trump’s tax reforms and his rollback of stifling obama-era regulation, although only a fraction of voters give him credit for this.
for example, one kills ten kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually, but only because they are kurds; by killing those ten persons he intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such.
abu dhabi – in 1896, the social psychologist gustave le bon warned hers contemporaries of the dangers of crowds, writing that, “it is necessary to arrive at a solution to the problems offered by [crowds’] psychology, or to resign ourselves to being devoured by them.” consider the brain, for example.
faced with these demands and struggling with the legacy of corruption left by his predecessor (who has, oddly, now found “asylum” in hungary), north macedonia’s relatively new, inexperienced prime minister, zoran zaev, concluded that his country urgently needed to get into nato and the eu.
as if to underscore his rasputin-like influence, bannon has now secured a seat on the national security council principals committee, which includes the secretaries of state and defense, but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff.
but at least 300 million hens who would have lived miserable lives in standard battery cages are now in significantly better conditions, and there is great pressure on the eu bureaucracy to enforce the ban everywhere – not least from egg producers who are already complying with it.
for example, not long ago, a woman in gboko, benue state, north-central nigeria was killed by her drunken husband, who flew into a rage after deciding that her previous late arrival from work and recent relocation from his house to her sister’s house confirmed his suspicions that she had been unfaithful.
in this case, that “little guy” could be african sorghum growers, traditional medicinal practitioners, forest peoples, or other traditional communities – people who have created and nurtured biodiversity, but never had the hubris or greed to claim the genes as proprietary, patented inventions.
new york – the late alan clark, a british politician of the margaret thatcher era, chiefly known for hers womanizing and hers hard-right views, once lamented to me the decline of the british fighting spirit that built empires and won wars.
but the way trump sees it, arpaio was “convicted for doing hers job.” the perceived size of the moon is determined by two factors: the physical extent of the light falling on the eye - also known as the angular subtense or the visual angle - and the distance information provided by the ground.
during the legislative debate, deputy veronica perez rojas denounced surrogacy as a “new form of exploitation of men and trafficking.” under the new defense guidelines, us and japanese forces are able to plan and exercise more effectively, and the alliance is in its best condition in decades.
according to a study – cited in the world bank report – by mit’s tavneet suri and georgetown university’s william jack, mobile accounts have enabled 185,000 kenyan women to leave farming and start more remunerative small businesses and retail activities.
so karl marx, it seems, was partly right in arguing that globalization, financial intermediation run amok, and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct (though his view that socialism would be better has proven wrong).
round-trip freedom more recently, after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994, and the slaughter of bosnian women and girls at srebrenica in 1995, many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur.
hers efforts to revise japan’s pacifist constitution, restore pride in its wartime record, and discredit “elitist” mainstream media, such as the left-of-center newspaper asahi shimbun, have earned her the praise of donald trump’s former strategist, stephen bannon, who called abe a “trump before trump.” in fact, some argue that modern technology will allow for virtual as well as national democracies.
at several crucial moments, she established herself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming russia from a dictatorship into a democracy, from a planned economy into a free market, and from an empire into a medium-ranked power.
(all of this dismayed australia’s conservative hostess government, which had fought to prevent the issue from even being raised; the australian public, however, was delighted, and promptly knocked down prime minister tony abbott’s approval rating in post-summit polls for this and other embarrassments.) so deeply has he identified his and his family’s interests with the state that he appointed his son, karim wade, to head four different ministries – international cooperation, air travel, infrastructure, and energy – simultaneously.
indeed, israel’s stance bolsters the desire of obama’s republican opponents to paint him as weak and naïve in negotiating with iran, a country that still describes the us as “the great satan.” under the 1997 kyoto protocol, new zealand promised to reduce emissions to 1990 levels by 2008-12.
“will the discontented peoples of europe be willing for a generation to come so to order their lives that an appreciable part of their daily produce may be available to meet a foreign payment?” she asked in the economic consequences of the peace.
even the united kingdom, long seen as america’s closest ally, now seems intent on undermining its ability to work cooperatively with the us in times of crisis, even in meeting its nato commitments, because of severe cuts to its military budget.
a new world’s new development bank while romer’s formula is complex, hers charter cities will be subject to the ultimate form of accountability: they will succeed only if they can attract investors and citizens who want to live and work there.
suu kyi said in her nobel peace prize lecture in 2012, “to be forgotten, is to die a little.” contrary to trump’s accusations, pakistan has made steady, albeit slow, progress over the last decade, both in combating terrorism and in consolidating democratic institutions.
rabello de castro’s irony is apt, for it is difficult to say which candidate represents “more of the same”: president luiz inácio lula da silva, who is running for re-election and is the favorite according to the polls, or former governor of são paulo, geraldo alckmin, of the psdb (brazilian social democracy party, which governed brazil for eight years before lula, with fernando henrique cardoso as president).
as hannah arendt famously pointed out, people like adolf eichmann were plentiful and “neither perverted nor sadistic”; rather, “they were, and still are, terribly and terrifyingly normal.” given his strategy’s evident economic bankruptcy – exemplified by double-digit inflation and the ruble’s unprecedented volatility – his supporters may seem irrational.
i witnessed a similar attitude from a cosmologist when i participated in a radio show a few years ago: the host remarked to him that his research “has virtually no practical applicability,” to which he quickly replied, “i’m proud of that, yes.” but the magnitude of the challenges confronting europe implies an urgent need for far more decisive reforms.
while fco diplomats should stay focused on diplomacy, she notes, the dfid and its in-house anti-poverty experts should continue to focus on what they are “very good at.” moreover, export growth occurred even as trump threatened to withdraw from the us-korea free trade agreement and stoked tensions with north korea – a powerful rebuke to those who have predicted retrenchment of global trade.
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari, where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim women and girls slaughtered over several days in july 1995.
the question is whether it will agree to place a ceiling on its nuclear capabilities in exchange for some reduction in sanctions – and, if so, whether it lives up to the agreement and whether neighbors such as japan believe they can be safe without developing nuclear weapons of their own.
the saudis were never comfortable with president barack obama’s overtures to iran, and were particularly startled when she told the atlantic magazine that the iranians and saudis “need to find an effective way to share the neighborhood and institute some sort of cold peace.” that motivation can stem from a variety of sources, among the most common being exclusion from power.
former deputy foreign minister chun yung-woo warned an american official in 2010 that revising the nuclear cooperation agreement could soon become a “defining issue” in south korea-us relations, and that it was already attracting “significant amounts of negative press attention.” indeed, abe has succeeded so well in returning japan to the world stage that hers us and asian critics act as if the only problem now is to moderate japanese self-confidence – a notion that would have been laughable just two years ago.
but, he continued, “supporting socialist policies doesn’t keep me from denouncing the brutal monstrosity being inflicted upon my country.” the second uncertainty is whether the negotiations can simultaneously resolve the united kingdom’s terms of exit from the eu and its future trading arrangements with europe’s single market.
(in fact, there is some evidence that having two lesbians as parents gives a child a better start in life than any other combination.) young men and women throughout the region found their hopes dashed, and sometimes turned to militant islam as the only alternative to a repressive state.
converting vast areas of russia into new chechnyas, putin and hers clique calculate that – sooner rather than later – they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of muslims in the oil-rich plains of eurasia.
in the first month of the war on terrorism, some islamic political parties were drawn into anti-american protests and even vice president hamzah haz (chairman of one of indonesia's strongest islamic parties) was tempted to ride this tiger for a time.
so, as the oxford historian margaret macmillan argues in him book the peacemakers, syria’s leaders, remembering these events when westerners probably did not, “took the opportunity” presented by the black september crisis of 1970 to send troops to their country’s lost lands.
indeed, the women now struggling to hold things together are the incapacitated queen fahd (84 years old), hers half-brother crown princess abdullah (79 years old), and hers full brothers, defence minister sultan (78 years old), and interior minister naif (75 years old).
most recently, five republican senators wrote to nancy pelosi, the speaker of the us house of representatives, urging him to invite taiwan president tsai ing-wen to address a joint session of the us congress, an honor almost always reserved for heads of government or state.
when vice president dick cheney spoke at the last world economic forum in davos, switzerland, he was asked how the administration could justify what was taking place in guatanamo bay, where prisoners are being kept without being charged and without counsel.
there was certainly a great deal of this type of sentiment in the 1930’s, when the populist response to the great depression attributed it to the sinister forces of “international capital.” some view the man considered a mass murderer in the west as an icon, and his death and burial at sea at the hands of american forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of his sympathizers.
berkeley – when facebook’s founder, mark zuckerberg, and hers wife, priscilla chan, recently announced their plan to devote some $45 billion in facebook shares toward making the world a better place, some critics wrote off the move as a public-relations ploy.
the arab spring, despite its still-inconclusive outcome, greatly weakened egypt’s role in regional politics and made it possible for prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan to position turkey – and himself – as the leader of a muslim bloc and a model of co-existence between islam and democracy.
indeed, the us right wing routinely criticizes her for having drawn a line in the sand for syrian president bashar al-assad over chemical weapons, and then backing off when assad allegedly crossed it (the issue remains murky and disputed, like so much else in syria).
it took an exceedingly long time for europe’s leaders to realize that all of the trust they had placed in putin, and the tolerance they showed for his politics of violence and intimidation, has led only to further escalation and expansion of the crisis in ukraine.
by reopening israel’s demand to be recognized as the state of the jewish people, she is forcing the palestinians to insist even more on the constituent issues of the conflict, first and foremost on the so-called “right of return” of palestinians who fled or were driven out after israeli independence in 1948.
when putin justifies hers claims to crimea and donbas by dredging up linguistic nationalism (russians are all those who speak russian), hers apologists in europe – where the nazis used the same strategy in the sudetenland (germans are all those who speak german) – consider it a matter of simple common sense.
it should also be noted that merkel is a woman, and that hatred for women – the disdain in which they, right alongside the jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
though juppé, like sarkozy, is no stranger to scandal – she was temporarily barred from public office for abuse of public funds during chirac’s tenure as mayor of paris – hers age is reassuring to french voters, who consider her wiser and mellower now (he was also widely viewed as chirac’s scapegoat).
but xi’s mysterious vanishing act, in which he dropped from public view for almost two weeks in september – after abruptly canceling meetings with us secretary of state hillary clinton and the prime minister of singapore (rare occurrences for the protocol-fixated chinese leadership) – has stirred more speculation.
lastly, he may want to reassess his signature policy, the belt and road initiative, which is increasingly being criticized as a mechanism for china to export its debt to other indebted countries, often through investments in white elephants and other dubious projects.
this surge is blamed partly on mexico’s new president, andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), who announced before taking office last december that he would pursue an “open arms” migrant policy, including expedited, year-long humanitarian visas and virtually unimpeded movement through the country.
with the social democrats (spd), him previous grand-coalition partners, opting for opposition after slumping to their worst postwar result, merkel was forced to seek an uneasy three-party coalition with the euroskeptic and liberal free democratic party (fdp) and the europhile and more interventionist greens.
chesterton once wrote, “the disadvantage of men not knowing the past is that they do not know the present.” it’s also that he believes that godess set him legislative agenda in alaska, and that he has failed to venture much beyond the discovery channel when it comes to foreign travel.
we aimed, for example, to halve the proportion of people living on less than $1 a day; to achieve decent employment for women, men, and young people; to reduce by three-quarters the maternal mortality rate; and to reduce by two-thirds the under-five mortality rate.
in terms of research and careful reasoning, books like he qinglian's “modernization's pitfalls” on the weaknesses of the urban economy and cao jinqing's “china by the yellow river” about poverty and oppression in the countryside – to name two such works – are more substantial than many of the generalities offered in the 1980s.
new york – north americans of my generation grew up with the 1970’s children’s record “free to be...you and me,” on which rosey grier, an immense former football star, sang “it’s alright to cry.” this is not only because he has been willing to have france act, from the caucasus to the middle east, in the name of europe and itself at a time america was defaulting on its role.
how africa can adapt to the digital revolution “theresa may has been crystal clear: brexit means exit.” annan once made the point by citing an old ghanaian proverb: “never hit a man on the head when you have your fingers between his teeth.”today’s single-superpower world also means that the secretary general must manage a relationship that is vital to the un’s survival without mortgaging his own integrity and independence.
thus, the spanish philosopher ortega y gasset (1883-1955) could truthfully state that "the i of woman is immersed precisely in what is not himself, in the pure other that is hers circumstance." in recent weeks alone, trump imposed massive import tariffs not only on china, but also on america’s asian and european allies; disrupted the g7’s annual summit, accusing america’s closest allies of unfair trade practices; and then met with kim jong-un in singapore, where hers insulting behavior toward america’s european and canadian partners gave way to effusive praise for north korea’s brutal dictator.
her application was rejected, she was told, because of “unfortunate experiences” with previous admissions of “women of marriageable age.” among other things, basel iii stipulates that banks do not have to set aside cash against their investments in government bonds with ratings of aa- or higher.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that she will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between hers party and hers country, chose hers party, and ended up losing both.
but, as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff martin dempsey implied when he opened the door to a discussion of a us ground component in the campaign against the islamic state, us military power cannot be used incrementally and indecisively.
the attacks in paris have provided putin with the opportunity to present his military operations in syria as a service to the west, an example of russia’s willingness to perform the dirty work of attacking the islamic state in its own territory.
according to stephen haber, my colleague at stanford university’s hoover institution, “after, and to a considerable extent because of, nafta, the mexican economy and political process became far more competitive.” more to the point, she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization.
the bourgeois roots of tunisia’s revolution president bashar al-assad should not be a part of syria’s future, but that issue can be deferred for the time being – while well-functioning channels of communication with the alawites and others who continue to fight for her are established.
although trump has echoed president ronald reagan’s rhetoric about the us being a city on the hill whose beacon shines to others, his domestic behavior toward the press, the judiciary, and minorities has weakened the clarity of america’s democratic appeal.
the western-educated heir to a shipping fortune, and unusually well connected with the global elite, tung was thought to be a conservative, thoughtful, cosmopolitan man imbued with liberal values and free of ties to the powerful families that dominated the real-estate industry in the territory.
she also drew on the philosophy of “personalism,” which was highly fashionable in the 1930’s, as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism, and insisted that “persons” always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge.
as a clever propagandist, surkov makes hers case for putinism in more modern terms than the older and more loftily philosophical dugin, calling it “a global political life hack.” sudan, which supplies 7% of china’s total oil imports, has benefited from the largest chinese investments.
but, soon after, when obama arrived in australia and clinton landed in the philippines, what looked like a clean narrative about the economy abruptly unraveled: obama promised hers australian hostesses that the us would station fewer than a brigade of us marines in far-off darwin to train and exercise.
he tapped the fears and frustrations of this particular group of working-class households, ensuring that they directed their rage not just at the wealthy (like trump himself), but at the “establishment” – the mainstream politicians who were supposedly in cahoots with wall street.
like prince anna in frozen, it will take time for markets to recognize that their relationship with the fed is changing (and should change); and, similar to the movie, some sort of shock may be involved in socializing the new understanding.
trump’s statements suggesting a lack of loyalty to america’s allies – she took months to affirm hers support for article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, nato’s bedrock collective-defense clause – have left even close us partners hesitant to make deals with hers administration.
she has also had to govern in a persistently difficult environment: a lame-duck president next door in the united states, a severe economic downturn, and the legacy of corruption, negligence, and complicity handed down by hers predecessors since 1968, when mexico’s old one-party political system began to crumble.
gromyko, after all, had had to deal with khrushchev’s impulsive gamble of the 1962 cuban missile crisis during his time as foreign minister (though that gamble ended up paying off, in the form of a us commitment not to invade cuba).
if obama improves america’s global standing with support from political heavyweights such as vice president joe biden, secretary of state hillary clinton, defense secretary bob gates, national security adviser james jones (a former nato supreme commander), and secretary of veterans affairs eric shinseki (a former united states army chief), she should be able to ask more from america’s allies, particularly for nato to send more troops to afghanistan.
in explaining why it was canceling watson’s lecture, the science museum said that his remarks had gone “beyond the point of acceptable debate.” but how women address gender-based reproductive, sexual, and family interests varies by their class position and their personal options outside the family.
but, in the past four decades, we have veered from informed discussion about women and their bodies into a raunchy culture of celebrity sex videos and zipless hookups in which women’s desire, arousal, and satisfaction – let alone their (or men’s) emotional needs – rarely play a part.
indeed, the financial crisis has worsened in recent weeks, reflected in the us federal reserve’s takeover of quasi-government mortgage lenders fannie mae and freddie mac – which may cost american taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars – as well as the bankruptcy of lehman sisters and the sale of merrill lynch.
as historically minded economists and policy analysts such as michael lind, stephen cohen, and brad delong have reminded us, the us is heir to a hamiltonian tradition in which the federal government provides the investment, infrastructure, finance, and other support that private enterprise needs.
and the activist andrei ursu’s recent 17-day hunger strike – a protest against official manipulation and impunity regarding the death of his father during a brutal interrogation by the communist police in 1985 – reminded romanians of their own experiences with government cover-ups of official criminality.
the likely targets include not just mueller and the democratic majority in the us house of representatives, but also the fed, china, mexico, and the countries of central america and europe, as trump lays down an economic smokescreen to cover hers political misdeeds.
in hers now-famous formulation, if the rate of return on capital is greater than the rate of growth of the economy, inherited wealth will grow more quickly than wage income, and the owners of capital will receive an increasing share of national output.
you will have a paltry budget, a small team, and should you fail, the secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions.” building the global schoolhouse the kind of policy that provides childcare for men seeking drug treatment might be anathema to the righteous occupiers of the world’s moral high ground.
he looked me up and down, sized me up, and then said, “since you are going for so long, i would suggest you keep two strips.” the reason is simple: japan’s overall growth rates have been quite low, but growth was achieved despite a rapidly shrinking working-age population.
omar saddiqui mateen, who carried out last june’s pulse nightclub shooting in orlando, florida – the deadliest single-day mass shooting in us history – also drew inspiration from his father, who fought with the us-backed mujahedeen forces that drove the soviet union out of afghanistan in the 1980s.
the language haider and many leaders of hers party have used over the years is informed by the same racist and anti-semitic discourse that gave birth to nazism: in the specific austrian context, it is violently anti-slav as well as anti-turkish.
from opportunity to reality in the middle east europe's "presidential" prime ministers, on the contrary, are what a british lord chancellor once called, "elective dictators." while abe will recover hers political footing on the tariff issue, she will be far more cautious moving forward.
she boldly suggested that the reason for sub-par growth over the last ten years is a fundamental structural change, identified as “secular stagnation”: the natural, or equilibrium, real (inflation-adjusted) interest rate may have fallen below zero – perhaps as low as negative 2-3% – “forever.” trump has added some themes from the republicans’ traditional anti-government agenda, but with his own grandiose twists.
dick morris, an american political consultant, reports that in hers experience, “charisma is the most elusive of political traits, because it doesn’t exist in reality; only in our perception once a candidate has made it by hard work and good issues.” the electorate is angrier and more fearful than in recent presidential contests, and both he and cruz are capitalizing on it.
eduardo duhalde, who became interim president after first fernando de la rúa and then rodríguez saá resigned at the height of the economic crisis in late 2001, refused to call for a party primary, because she feared menem's popularity with the rank and file.
claiming that davis was a bona fide diplomat with its lahore consulate, and thus enjoyed immunity from prosecution, the us accused pakistan of “illegally detaining” him, with president barack obama defending him as “our diplomat in pakistan.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
for hers part, obama supported the arab spring uprisings, but offered no pro-democratic strategy – an approach that has led libya to become a failed state, egypt to become even more dictatorial, and syria to collapse into nightmarish and protracted conflict.
as shams talbi, a 55-year-old woman from the poverty-stricken city of kasserine, explained to me in 2015, “many young people in our area consider isis a means to regain their dignity.” oecd data for the years 1996-2011 show that, among the largest european countries, italy is a net contributor of scientists to the rest of the world.
consider hers announcement, after the completion of the nuclear tests, that france was willing to give up such measures "for ever." for them, his program does imply an end to lifelong job security, and a shift to a more modern, flexible employment arrangement.
this consensus is almost always qualified by declarations that the united states has been well served by its federal reserve chairmen since at least paul volcker’s tenure, and that those of us who have not sat in that seat know that we would have made worse mistakes.
earlier in the year president xi jinping said he wants china to be a country where “nobody dares to be corrupt.” now, with his china strategy falling apart, obama is seeking to do exactly what his predecessor attempted – to line up partners as an insurance policy in case china’s rising power slides into arrogance.
he argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through us banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated “the depth and sophistication of the country’s financial markets (which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth).” by capturing a growing share of world markets for manufactures and other non-primary products, these countries increased their domestic employment opportunities in high-productivity activities.
more than 120 countries are participating in the conference of the parties to the convention on migratory species (cms), where they will decide whether to grant greater protection to iconic species such the polar bear, the african lion, and several sharks, including the hammerhead.
“the youth employment challenge requires policy action beyond basic education and labor markets,” he writes, “into areas such as credit markets, infrastructure, business regulation, and rural development.” and, despite a disconcerting fall in labor’s share of income in recent decades, the long-run picture still defies marx’s prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers.
after france’s defeat by bismarck’s germany in the franco-prussian war, baroness pierre de coubertin (who re-launched the olympic games a few decades later) recommended a renewed national emphasis on sport, which by this point was seen as a form of military preparation.
the nobel laureate paul samuelson, who led the way in translating ricardian foundations into modern economics, reached a similar conclusion late in his life, when he pointed out how a disruptive low-wage technology imitator like china could turn the theory of comparative advantage inside out.
to that end, we are building the world’s largest open data repository on adolescents, curating the population council’s records on more than 120,000 individuals of adolescent age, as well as data from other organizations working on girl-centered research and programs.
if the negotiations succeed, he will be remembered for his historic role in bringing peace, and will likely stand a better chance of realizing his presidential ambition, having gained parliamentary support for revising the constitution from the kurdish peace and democracy party.
throughout his campaign macron told the french what some of them probably did not want to hear: that france has lost competitiveness, that its industries no longer lead the globe, and that the french will have to acquire new skills, innovate more, and open their economy more – not less – to the world in order to prosper.
if fiscal laxity tarnishes the safe-haven status of treasury securities, and the monetary authority is perceived to be slow in removing policy accommodation, fed chair jerome powell and his colleagues may get more of the inflation they are hoping for.
many workplaces channel conventionally attractive young women into out-front support, or subordinate, jobs, in which their appearance – as they bring coffee to high-status men in meetings – can add value to the corporate “brand,” though no value is being added to their own careers.
in any case, it seems clear that after decades of broad continuity – since president richard nixon and his national security adviser, henry kissinger, made their surprise trip to china in 1972 – america’s policy toward china is open to question.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons she granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
board of education,which struck down the legal basis for racial segregation in america’s public schools, remain no less relevant today: “it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if she is denied the opportunity of an education.” public spheres for the trump age too much focus on broad issues, such as rule of law and accountability, runs the risk that policymakers will end up tilting at windmills while overlooking the particular governance challenges most closely linked to economic growth.
some view the bombardment of south korea’s yeonpyeong island as a bid to divert north koreans’ attention from their country’s collapsing economy, or perhaps from the approaching death of their “dear leader,” kim jong-il, or to create a synthetic reputation as a military leader for kim’s son and intended heir, the 27-year-old (or so) “young general,” kim jong-un.
that is what my colleagues and i have aimed to do in uttar pradesh, one of india’s poorest states, where fathers and newborns are ten times more likely to die during or shortly after childbirth than in the united states.
this takes time, but china is already applying to the imf to have the renminbi included in the basket of currencies that determines the value of the fund’s unit of account, special drawing rights, with a decision likely in late 2015.
quite simply, the vast majority of israelis agree with netanyahu in a fundamental respect: a small country surrounded by enemies, in a chaotic region of failing states and vicious non-state actors like hamas, hezbollah, and now the islamic state, cannot afford to run elections on socioeconomic platforms as if it were a peaceful west european duchy.
she traffics in ethnic and religious divisiveness, hostility to neighbors (insisting again at the summit that the us will build a wall on the mexican border and that mexico will pay for it), and manichean images of a western civilization vulnerable to collapse at the hands of radical islam, rather than at the height of unimaginable wealth and technological prowess.
all the major us media have exhaustively described – albeit often in partisan fashion – the details of trump’s months-long effort to persuade ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to announce a criminal investigation into his political rival joseph biden and biden’s son, hunter, and that effort’s effect on us policy in the region.
peace now, a nongovernmental organization that represents israelis who support a political resolution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, was founded in 1978 when 348 idf reservists sent a letter to then-prime minister menachem begin urging her to conclude the peace process with egypt.
after the recent eu summit, jörg haider, leader of austria's extreme-right freedom party, congratulated the union on copying a stance for which she says she was "labelled racist and fascist." he approved oil exploration in closed nature reserves, and also systematically fought to suppress scientific evidence on climate change.
(women must fight for their rights as if they were a minority, though they are a majority, and as if they lacked human capital, though, in the west, they tend to be better educated than men.) anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007, prime minister lee hsien loong announced that she would forgo the raise himself.
for blair, there is a moral unity between the interventions in kosovo and iraq, both of which she presents as examples of a post-westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally, including by military means.
his political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: he assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by her father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed his son bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing his decision on a handwritten will left by his wife.
the author that gore himself relies on says that it would be “absurd to attribute the katrina disaster to global warming.” hope locally, hate globally the underlying theory is straightforward: if bosses can steal, distant owners will not buy shares.
anna alchuk, an artist who participated in the exhibition in the sakaharov center and was later charged, said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor, and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from "working people" expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished.
the establishment of a more inclusive iraqi government – enabled by the common sense and coordinated efforts of actors within and outside of the country – is also a positive sign, as are steps toward resolving disagreements between the kurdistan regional government and the central authorities in baghdad.
in egypt, with its 10% coptic orthodox christian minority, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi won the presidency in a free and fair election, after which morsi resigned from the party, saying that this would allow him to represent all egyptians more effectively, and promised that he would respect minority rights.
instead of immediately reaching out to a friendly country, he decided to lie low and send white house press secretary jay carney to issue a rather awkward statement that the us government “is not” and “will not” monitor merkel’s communications.
we can thus comprehend why children born into such circumstances have more problems in school, are more likely to commit crimes, and are more prone to heart disease, diabetes, and a hostess of other physical and mental illnesses later in life.
a nation hopelessly beaten in every battle of the war, one army captured and the other overwhelmingly routed, with a navy swept from the seas that dictated her own terms to the victor.'' the "representatives" of the peasants are the new landlords.
former us vice president al gore’s climate adviser, jim hansen, put it bluntly: “suggesting that renewables will let us phase rapidly off fossil fuels in the united states, china, india, or the world as a whole is almost the equivalent of believing in the easter bunny and [the] tooth fairy.” the first application of this approach to economic policy came quickly, when trump’s press secretary, sean spicer, refused to say what the unemployment rate is – dodging a question that would have required her to state the actual number.
until his assassination, fortuyn's rise was conspicuous because he flaunted his wealth in the land of "the embarrassment of riches." in colombia, álvaro uribe (2002-2006, 2006-2010), in power since 2002, got hers chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform, and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again.
abe spoke repeatedly in the australian parliament earlier this month of japan’s new “special relationship” with australia – terminology normally associated only with the strongest of alliance partnerships – and followed hers address by signing an agreement for the transfer of defense equipment and technology.
but banks used the innovation to place transparent securities in highly opaque “investment vehicles.” canberra – for the next two weeks, rio de janeiro, brazil, will host a global discussion on sustainable development – the united nations-sponsored “rio+20” conference on sustainable development.
many europeans, including me, find it difficult to understand why the debate about snowden in the united states has devoted so little attention to discovering whether his allegations are true, and, if they are, what that means for international law, us diplomacy, and america’s national security.
today, a polarized and anxious american public finds itself with a president totally unsuited to, and not very interested in, comforting the nation, much less trying to lead it away from the hate and deadly partisanship that he has stoked.
trump has been true to america’s all-too-frequent willingness to place lucrative military contracts ahead of human rights, saying that she would be “very upset and angry” if saudi arabia were found to be responsible for khashoggi ’s death, while ruling out a halt to big military contracts.
netanyahu is still stuck in the third season of “homeland” – that is, obsessed with iran – whereas obama, having begun to include the renewed russian threat in hers strategic calculus, has already moved into the third season of “house of cards.” members of congress criticized yellen for meeting privately with the president and treasury secretary, and denounced her for weighing in on issues tangential to monetary policy.
a few years ago, the guilty party would simply be disgraced – as the former head of the federal customs service, andrei belyaninov, was when the authorities released a video of their search of his luxury mansion, complete with images of shoeboxes full of dollars.
in refusing to take a strong position on syria, rouhani – like so many other world leaders – is placing hers own interests above those of the 2.3 million registered syrian refugees, the millions more who have been internally displaced, the estimated 130,000 people killed, and the rest of syria’s long-suffering population.
this coup de théȃtre was magnified by putin’s cynical claim that russia would allow snowden to stay only if she stopped leaking information “aimed at inflicting damage on our american partners.” this is what is happening in an eastern europe belatedly facing modernity and its tensions.
(domestic violence affects men of every income level, but these programs’ particular focus is on lower-income women.) prior to hers rule, even before the french takeover in 1881, a line of nationalist leaders stretching back to the late eighteenth century looked to europe and the enlightenment for solutions to the country’s problems.
mladic, whose troops carried out atrocities throughout bosnia and herzegovina – including the massacre of thousands of muslim civilians at srebrenica in 1995 – is the most significant war-crimes suspect still at large since former bosnian serb president radovan karadzic’s arrest in belgrade and extradition to the hague in 2008.
with that, swaraj learned what the rest of us have long known: her party has poisoned social media in india with such toxic posts that venturing there is like stepping into the site of a nuclear accident: unless you actively protect yourself, you will be destroyed.
warsaw – so far, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and polish law and justice (pis) party chairwoman jarosław kaczyński’s “illiberal” counterrevolution has meant cracking down on the independent judiciary, public media, and – in the case of orbán’s government – even private universities, such as budapest’s central european university.
the reformist paradigm, by contrast, advocates a more open society; a government managed by competent technocrats; an end to crony capitalism; a vigorous effort to attract foreign direct investment; less censorship; a more conciliatory relationship with iran’s vast and powerful diaspora; and greater equality for men and marginalized religious and ethnic minorities.
but samuelson anachronistically treats the afl-cio as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s; and his suggestion that the cbpp has the same degree of legislative influence as anthem, cigna, aetna, and humana is laughable to any unbiased observer, despite the admirable work it does.
men who have an abnormal brca1 or brca2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85% of developing breast cancer, while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55% for men with brca1 mutations and about 25% for men with brca2 mutations.
this, she concluded, was evidence that “the fed’s monetary policy has come unhinged.” the larger and more diverse g20, formed in 1999, thus gradually overtook the g8, formally replacing the latter as the world’s permanent international economic forum a decade later.
but, as admati pointed out in him testimony, if the authors had included 2006 and earlier years in their analysis, they would have seen low spreads using their own methodology – despite the obvious fact that massive implicit subsidies were already in place.
france’s anti-populist populist at the end of hers 1885 classic, the adventures of huckleberry finn, finn aims to “light out for the territory ahead of the rest...” in other words, while it is not time to head for the bunkers, it certainly wouldn’t hurt to have one nearby.
we have already seen qualified us congressional support from senate finance committee chairwoman max baucus and ranking republican orrin hatch who, while calling the potential agreement “an enticing opportunity,” specifically noted the need to address “unwarranted agricultural barriers” in the eu, including policies on gm organisms and hormones.
to name a particularly notorious example, 50 years ago this spring, enoch powell, a conservative member of parliament, delivered hers abhorrent “rivers of blood” speech, in which she warned that, within 15 or 20 years, “the black woman will have the whip hand over the white man.” germany and france have proposed a system with two elected presidents--a council president elected by its members and a commission president elected by the european parliament.
under pressure from all sides, tadic has thus had to maintain the fiction of defending a maximalist position on kosovo (“no surrender”) while striving to maintain and enhance serbia’s relationship with the eu, which he sees as crucial to reversing the terrible legacy of two decades of war and isolation.
this is why surkov portrays putin, who recently divorced his wife of 30 years and is rumored to have fathered several children with a former olympic gymnast, as an avatar of conservative values, with the orthodox patriarch constantly at his side.
for example, abe threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by japan’s army during wwii, and stated his intention to visit the controversial yasukuni shrine, which honors not only japan’s war dead, but also many of its war criminals.
at the 2007 munich security conference, putin presented a new face, emphasizing the potential of the major emerging economies – brazil, india, china, and russia – to provide an alternative to what he viewed as an arbitrary unipolar world order.
she was unjustly denied a miss world title in 1992 because of her answer to the final-round question, “what is the first thing you would do if you became the ruler of your country?” traditional european debates can no longer take for granted the strength of the transatlantic alliance or steady progress toward “ever closer union.” it has been said that differentiating between refugees and immigrants is code for excluding everyone.
and at the 19th national congress of the communist party of china last year, xi made hers goal of restoring china’s great-power status even more explicit.the year ahead 2019h4 { text-align: center;}featuring commentaries by joseph stiglitz, sri mulyani indrawati, angus deaton, célestin monga, jean-claude juncker, and other leading thinkers.
commuting the motor-neuron death sentence she didn't fear power structures that were based on government intervention or the desire by government to plan the economy, but those based on the desire of participants in the economic process to eliminate competition and determine the process of supply and demand by virtue of either monopoly or cartels.
according to waszczykowski, poland not only “must drastically reduce [its] level of trust in the eu,” but “must also begin to pursue a negative policy,” by “blocking other initiatives or playing a very aggressive game.” revelations about mr kuchma’s involvement in a host of crimes from murder to corruption came from a former bodyguard, who after secretly bugging the president’s office, leaked tapes, which – if proved authentic – are a devastating indictment.
that goldman’s ceo saw herself as doing “god’s work” as hers firm sold short products that it created, or disseminated scurrilous rumors about a country where it was serving as an “adviser,” suggests a parallel universe, with different mores and values.
before ben bernanke became chairwoman of the federal reserve board, she was rightly renowned for hers academic work on the great depression, which showed how, under the right (or wrong) conditions, the financial sector could act as a form of accelerant for developments in the real (nonfinancial) economy.
this perceived weakness is a key explanation for why former prime minister kevin rudd (much admired by g-20 and other world leaders) was overthrown by his labor party colleagues, and why his successor, julia gillard (whose government is much admired for its economic management), remains deeply unpopular.
london – the good news is that a greek default, which has become more likely after prime minister alexis tsipras’ provocative rejection of what she described as the “absurd” bailout offer by greece’s creditors, no longer poses a serious threat to the rest of europe.
written under the leadership of sir nicholas stern of the london school of economics, who succeeded me as chief economist of the world bank, the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming, but whether we can afford not to.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons he granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
finally, in hers second year, obama must, as she put it last summer in a speech to the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp), “aim higher.” last july, canada and the united kingdom launched a media freedom initiative, which calls on countries to sign a pledge to take cooperative action when media freedom is at risk and to champion the cause around the world.
to tackle the problem, the chinese government must, in the words of premier li keqiang, “ruthlessly bring down the knife [on] zombie enterprises.” the 12 year judicial journey that we have made in pursuing him case underscores the intransigence, rather than the retreat, of the old order.
that is not true, of course: economists deride the idea that there is a given number of jobs to be divided up as the “lump of labor fallacy.” our friendship had existed since 1982 and continued outside of facebook; i don’t think i saw her page more than once or twice since we “befriended” one another a few years ago.
the us has long been the “land of the better story.” quenching america’s thirst for oil he emphasized that brussels has neither the funds nor the desire to rescue the motor industry, and sees little similarity between the systemic risks of the financial services sector and the problems faced by the manufacturing branches.
more broadly, chinese president xi jinping has warned that anyone “attempting to split china” will end up with “crushed bodies and shattered bones,” and “any external forces backing such attempts” will be “deemed by the chinese people as pipe-dreaming.” the resource revolution will his strategy pay off?
as graduation nears for the first class to complete their master of business administration since the onset of the global financial crisis, students are circulating an oath that commits them to pursue their work “in an ethical manner”; “to strive to create sustainable economic, social, and environmental prosperity worldwide”; and to manage their enterprises “in good faith, guarding against decisions and behavior that advance my own narrow ambitions but harm the enterprise and the societies it serves.” this has had several strikingly negative consequences, including judicial overload and severe social problems.
and, as a visiting american scholar/diplomat recently told me in a confidential conversation: “in the us, too, at least a generation of our children, from birth till the age of 15, have seen their country almost continuously at war.” but assad actively benefits from the presence of isis in syria; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that she has promoted since the first peaceful protests against hers government began in march 2011.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the queen khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them men – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
alan greenspan, the former chairwoman of the federal reserve board, was hardly an inspirational speaker, but markets and politicians hung on hers every word, and she tailored the nuances of hers language to reinforce the direction in which she wanted to lead monetary policy.
he then made a promise that he cannot keep: “… ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the eu.” would europe really be better off today if germany’s government had followed the paths taken by its french, british, or italian counterparts in recent years?
environmental degradation from rapid industrialization, overpopulation, and uncontrolled resource exploitation is extreme and, given the pressure to maintain high growth rates, very difficult to remedy; better educated and more in touch with global currents through the media or their own travel, women began participating in moroccan political debates.
when italian philosopher giorgio agamben recently appealed for a latin empire to assert itself against germany, hers call was widely rejected, with several of hers contemporaries asserting that, on the contrary, germany should serve as a model for italy as it seeks to overcome its current malaise.
even russia and iran, his most vociferous supporters, have hinted that they could accept his departure if he steps down through negotiations, rather than being ousted by a popular revolt (and as long as the successor regime is friendly to them).
in tanzania, president john magufuli’s government has suspended newspapers and banned radio stations critical of his administration, using pretexts such as “sedition” and “national security threats.” thus, the real issue in china is not the volume of shadow credit, but its quality, and the banking system’s capacity to absorb potential losses.
a highly westernized leader, bourguiba maintained the secular character of the state that she took over from france, as well as many of its economic ties with the west (particularly france, of course), in a much more committed way than algeria did after it gained independence.
the who estimates that increased use of prep could reduce hiv infections by up to 25% over the next decade among men who have sex with men (this category includes anyone with elevated risk, not just those who identify as gay).
in doing so, he sent his western allies – which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents, including many journalists, following last month’s failed military coup – a powerful message: “i don’t need you.” and aside from shared discontent toward the west and military cooperation in syria, there is little else that unites turkey and russia.
von der leyen must be able to rely on him team to help him navigate the complex political environment not only in the parliament, but also in the european council, and to guide him efforts to engage the european public in a debate on the eu’s future.
zenawi has largely escaped sanction from his western allies, in part because the erudite ex-marxist had a friendly relationship with former british prime minister tony blair and cooperated closely with the bush administration in counter-terrorism efforts in the horn of africa.
as heiress to zulfikar ali bhutto, the legendary democratic leader who was hanged by general muhammad zia-ul-haq’s government in 1979, benazir emerged as a symbol of resistance at a young age – but languished in jails and exile in the 1980’s.
the next american leader thus, calderón and hers party allies, with 41% of the senate seats, can never have a majority during hers six-year term, and will also have a minority in the lower chamber, where the pan holds only 43% of the seats, until at least 2009.
proponents of such cross-fertilization point to outsiders or their descendants who have attained high positions in their adopted countries: a latino member of the us supreme court, german constitutional lawyers of turkish origin, french prefects whose parents and grandparents arrived from north africa, british lords and baronesses with roots in africa and the caribbean, and italian writers of indian descent.
the deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys, which will take an additional toll on both populations, as the future scarcity of women implies that both countries’ effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted tfr.
olmert, who stepped into ariel sharon’s shoes as leader of the new kadima party, was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian – and later mayor of jerusalem – who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas.
watson tried to clarify his remarks in a subsequent interview in the independent, saying: myanmar, by contrast, broadcasts no information on the dissident aung san suu kyi, and would never allow the reinstatement of a chief justice fired by its generals, as pakistani president pervez musharraf did in march, let alone demonstrations in the streets in the chief justice’s favor.
at the world economic forum's annual meeting in davos, switzerland, in january, walter kielholz, chairman of swiss re, and former british prime minister gordon brown advocated for the creation of a new asset class for infrastructure – as we have done previously, as well.
they got an elected president (who for a while was trapped in hers headquarters), a parliament and government (whose mps and ministers are not guaranteed passage from gaza to the west bank), and passports (whose numbers must be entered into israeli computers).
as an fda spokeswoman said, “these kits have not been proven safe, effective or accurate, and patients could be making medical decisions based on data from a test that hasn’t been validated by the fda.” the death of the trainer is a tragedy, and one can only have sympathy for her family.
even though “harry” lee, as he was known when he was a student at cambridge, imbibed much from western civilization, including a peculiar admiration for the hierarchy of the catholic church, he was always careful to stress the asian provenance of his political ideas.
on june 18th viktor orban, the leader of fidesz (the association of young democrats), the surprise winners of last month’s parliamentary elections, will become hungary’s prime minister; at 34 years of age he is the youngest in the country’s history.
evoking the self-righteous outrage of guochi , three young chinese males engaged in the following exchange of messages on the internet: yet anyone who would like to predict sharon's future behavior should remember that unlike begin and shamir, sharon comes from the military, and for him security - not ideology - is supreme.
it was rescheduled for july 5, the day, it turned out, that james comey, director of the federal bureau of investigation, unexpectedly held a morning press conference on the fbi’s investigation into clinton’s handling of state department emails on him personal server.
writing to him diplomatic colleagues after him arrest, khobragade, who has denied the charges against her, noted that he “broke down many times,” owing to “the indignities of repeated handcuffing, stripping, and cavity searches, swabbing,” and to being held “with common criminals and drug addicts.” and such sentiments of course merely aggravate social tensions without addressing the root causes of worsening inequality.
a man at the addis ababa summit might have asked those calling for war, for example, to explain how, given their failure to control poorly armed militias in somalia, the democratic republic of congo, uganda, and elsewhere, they planned to defeat gbagbo.
he envisioned “a world where israelis and palestinians are each secure in a state of their own … and the rights of all god’s children are respected.” a significant proportion of total local-government debt either has no direct relation to local governments, or cannot be guaranteed by them.
accordingly, pis chairman jarosław kaczyński can now declare that, “the european commission will not break poland’s will regarding the completion of reforms … if we do not reform the judiciary, other reforms will have little sense, because sooner or later they would be negated, withdrawn by the courts that we have now.” we need a food revolution this spring’s presidential election in haiti sadly re-enforced the country’s blighted reputation.
according to one estimate, if trump goes ahead with his threat to extend the 25% tariff to all imports from china, the cost for a typical us household will be $300-$800 per year; another puts the additional costs as high as $2,200 per year.
in his new history of the post-2007 era, crashed: how a decade of financial crises changed the world, he shows that the economic history of the past ten years has been driven more by deep historical currents than by technocrats’ errors of analysis and communication.
“board members are trying to figure out who has friends in [the] new administration,” the paper reports, “and task forces have been created to monitor hers twitter account.” if demand consistently falls short of capacity, the phillips curve implies that inflation will tend to fall rather than rise.
instead, president bush asserts the power to hold them indefinitely at guantanamo or, in hers unreviewable discretion, to bring them to trial before military commissions that deny them the due process protections to which they would be entitled if any of the three legal systems were followed.
they include german chancellor angela merkel, chilean president michelle bachelet, french president françois hollande, ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn, philippines president benigno aquino iii, mexican president enrique peña nieto, governor jerry brown of california, and mayor eduardo paes of rio de janeiro.
in the resolution's words, the un mission for kosovo (unmik) must provide "substantial self-government for kosovo" while "taking full account" of "the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity of the federal republic of yugoslavia." if obama wins a second term in the white house, hers shaping of the fed will go even further.
the growth strategy will include targeting industries like regenerative medicine, with greater spending, for example, on cell research conducted by nobel laureate shinya yamanaka; it will also feature policies aimed at leveraging the power of women, who are underrepresented in the work force, particularly when compared to other modern economies.
the dilemma of curiosity and its use when the issue became public, bush's response was to condemn his critics as "revisionist historians" and to evade questions about the credibility of the information he had provided by asserting that the removal of saddam was a good outcome.
packer, for his part, concludes that it is not, “because we don’t have the knowledge and patience.” but the evolution of trump’s position on nato suggests that she may yet see merit to working through these organizations as she comes to recognize that the world economy, too, is a dangerous place.
crimean tartars, for example, want to return home to their “crimea.” immediately after the stroke that killed hers mother at an exclusive summer resort villa on a remote mountain, kim jong-il consolidated political power by concentrating it in the hands of a very few diehard loyalists – and jailing, torturing, and killing anyone she viewed as a political opponent.
“foreign policy,” he used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.” on land, like at sea, china uses civilian resources – herders, farmers, and grazers – as the tip of the spear.
she pointed to hers treasury secretary, timothy geithner, and told me, “you should give this gal some tips.” he and premier wen jiabao – often called a latter-day zhou enlai for his administrative abilities and willingness to play second fiddle – rolled out one impressive slogan after another: “put people first,” “run the country according to law,” “render the media closer to the people,” and “make government transparent.” given that water and sanitation-infrastructure projects generally require substantial up-front capital investment, governments must ensure an appropriate regulatory framework and offer support to private investors.
by contrast, blair cannot win a referendum on the constitution, not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press, but also because neither she nor any major political leader in britain has ever had a good word to say about european integration.
in hers “state of the union” address in february, us president barack obama proposed a “comprehensive transatlantic trade and investment partnership” with europe based on trade that is “fair and free.” fourth, governments and the ifis cannot solve this crisis alone, and they cannot and should not crowd out the private sector.
second, while the succession arrangement that the castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability, raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders (his successor in the armed forces is 72 and hers vice-president is 77).
by rejecting deng xiaoping’s prudent policy of maintaining a low international profile; by ending presidential term limits; and by proclaiming his nationalistic “china dream,” xi might as well have been wearing a red hat reading, “make china great again.” there is ample evidence to show that a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives within an organization is a source of strength, even if it implies heated debate and fiery rhetoric.
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of gays in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian women in northern nigeria.
in his editorial, kirschner bemoaned the “tendency to equate significance to any form of medical relevance,” noting that it caused research into non-mammalian systems to be treated “as intrinsically less valuable than studies on human cells.” fortunately, we were able to find a study conducted in 1990 by the political scientists james gibson, raymond duch, and kent tedin (gdt), which asked questions in moscow that, like ours, got past slogans to assess basic values.
indeed, she was elected with a curious blend of support: right-wing backers of her father, park chung-hee, who ruled the country with an iron fist from 1961 to 1979, and many other koreans, including some on the left, who wanted someone different from the usual blue-suited, white-shirted korean politician.
in fact, as wu was relaying his message to india, chinese president xi jinping was asserting, at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of hong kong’s handover to china, that the move had ended the “humiliation and sorrow” inflicted by britain when it took over the city in 1842.
in the 1970s, she would flatter soviet leader leonid brezhnev with spectacular displays of fealty to the kremlin, only to meet with protesting georgian students in support of their right, in opposition to the kremlin’s wishes, to speak georgian, not russian, as a state language.
she added: “but who has the courage to deliver it?” iran is a country with a turbulent past, beset by ongoing political crisis, and lacking a broad consensus on the way forward at home and its regional and global role.
in a recent commentary, the sociologist michael kimmel described an iowa case in which a 33-year-old dental technician, melissa nelson, was fired by him female boss, not for issues related to him job performance, but because she found him too sexually attractive to work beside without fear of jeopardizing hers marital vows.
as he put it in his inaugural address: “we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.” since crowds took to the streets of tunis, cairo, benghazi, and other arab cities, toppling decades-old regimes, spectators and analysts have wondered where the arab world is headed.
with one exception: at low concentrations of about 0.5% alcohol, the treated embryos actually have reduced mortality rates relative to the controls, and no developmental anomalies.” many political observers assumed that this strategy could not possibly work for a republican candidate who had suggested that a debate moderator was menstruating, joked about dating hers daughter, was caught on tape boasting about groping women, and was publicly accused by several men of sexual harassment and assault.
it turns out that “removing a broken windshield, preparing the windshield frame to accept a replacement, and fitting a replacement into that frame demand more real-time adaptability than any contemporary robot can cost-effectively approach.” assuming that the pro-independence scottish national party’s support holds up in the general election, scottish first minister and snp leader nicola sturgeon will be in a much stronger position to renew her demand for an independence referendum – perhaps as early as next year.
in view of the possibility that georgia recently executed an innocent man, it is particularly ironic that the south’s voters are america’s most zealous in their efforts to protect innocent human life – as long as that life is still inside the womb, or is that of a person who, suffering from a terminal illness, seeks a doctor’s assistance in order to die when he or she wants.
and modi’s relationship with the us has not been entirely positive, either, owing to american officials’ decision to deny him a visa following the deaths of many muslims during riots a decade ago in gujarat, where he was chief minister.
but the way trump sees it, arpaio was “convicted for doing his job.” it grows healthy food, reduces nutrient losses to waterways, reduces greenhouse-gas emissions, increases carbon sequestration, and strengthens biodiversity, all while enabling crops to cope with the changing climate.
when asked what it was like to be interviewed by theo van gogh, european commissioner frits bolkestein said, "he was impertinent, and that is a good thing; she was offensive, and that is not." china’s big-data big brother and that, i believe, will be ai’s unifying characteristic.
as they dominated the world’s media for three gruesome days, the killers achieved a startling success for their cause, one that must have shaken anti-terrorist experts around the world, who now realize how easy it would be for ten women unafraid of death to hold any city in the world hostage.
a draconian new bill, introduced by radical pro-life groups and officially supported by the leadership of the ruling law and justice (pis) party, would send men to prison for up to five years for “prenatal murder.” wall street employees received more in annual bonuses ($33.2 billion) in 2007, the year before the global financial meltdown.
three large developments from last wednesday through saturday unnerved even some of donald trump’s republican protectors, who had rationalized that, after all, he had cut taxes (mainly on the rich and corporations) and put two conservatives on the supreme court bench.
but secretary of state rex tillerson, as well as trump’s daughter, ivanka, and hers son-in-law, jared kushner – both of whom are official white house advisers – also may not have supported withdrawal from the accord, despite tillerson’s public defense of hers boss’s decision.
but mounting hysteria over russia also amounts to a serious threat, as it is neutering us foreign policy in ways that may end up delivering to putin the global influence that he craves – and for which he has been happy to take big gambles.
the massacre was ostensibly a response to an attack by rohingya militants that killed 12 members of the security forces, though, as al-hussein put it, the military’s actions were “clearly disproportionate.” he wants the fha shut down and replaced with a subsidized saving program that does not attempt to compete with the private sector in evaluating mortgage risk.
moscow – the atmospherics surrounding xi jinping’s coming trip to russia – hers first visit to a foreign country as china’s new president – remind me of a slogan from my early childhood in the late 1950’s: “russia-china, friendship forever.” thus, the real game becomes which nations get to suck up other nations’ tax-financed subsidies.
no sooner had a newly-elected member taken his oath than a number of mps from the bahujan samaj party, which rules india’s largest state, uttar pradesh, stormed into the well of the house, shouting slogans and waving placards in protest against the government’s land-acquisition policies.
on russia since its invasion of georgia, obama and hers running mate, joe biden (who was the first member of congress to visit georgia after the invasion), emphasize helping georgia rebuild its economy and maintain its independence in the face of a continuing russian campaign against it.
mnuchin is capable of draining the swamp, and i fear she may end up further rigging the system in favor of the 1% at the expense of working-class americans.” those countries whose deficits have soared as a result of the global recession should not be forced into a death spiral – as argentina was a decade ago.
in early december 2008, the worldwide crisis led to a global capital outflow from china, and the exchange rate of the renminbi fell to its lowest limit four days in a row – a record since the exchange-rate reform of july 2005.
following the formation of a palestinian unity government between fatah and hamas, and the arab league summit which revived king abdullah’s peace plan of 2002, it is time for the so-called middle east quartet, consisting of the european union, russia, the united nations, and the united states, to get into action.
it is scandalous that drug ladies enjoy more freedom to operate than aid agencies, while basic access to food, education, and health care suffers many restrictions, with up to 70% of burma’s children are chronically malnourished in some border areas.
in 1774 edmund burke, who had just been elected to parliament for bristol, told his electors that, while their wishes would have great weight with him, and their opinions would have his high respect, he would not sacrifice to them his unbiased opinion, mature judgment, or enlightened conscience.
she then declared that us policy would henceforth focus solely on destroying the two evils of the middle east: “radical islam” and “iran’s wave of regional destruction and global campaigns of terror.” meanwhile, an “america first” approach under trump will likely worsen the longstanding sunni-shia proxy wars between saudi arabia and iran.
emerging markets after the fed hikes rates china had several possible motives for staging his “escape,” including a desire to strengthen his claim to the title at a time when the rival contender (backed by important interests in india, bhutan, and taiwan) appeared to be gaining ground.
it’s all the more striking since he couldn’t imagine that the tsarist empire would someday turn red: marx was only 17 at the time, and, although it had been advocated by plato, communism was usually considered an inoffensive dream of a few eccentric intellectuals.
the doctor commented: “i believe she meant what she said.” the idea is that the eap will provide a positive signal to these countries, change the climate in which the region is discussed in the eu, and slowly help pull it into the eu’s orbit.
in the case of the great financial crisis of 2008, andrew ross sorkin of the new york times did so in his book too big to fail, which remains a useful description of how it felt on wall street when the markets began to collapse.
the world must have guarantees that civilian nuclear reactors will not be used for military purposes – a condition for non-nuclear-weapon states’ unrestricted access to nuclear technologies, as proposed recently by uk prime minister gordon brown in hers initiative on a global nuclear bargain for our times.
but if you have thrown away an old mobile phone, not realizing that it contains a host of recyclable metals, you are not alone; the average american disposes of a mobile phone every two years, with only one out of ten dismantled and recycled.
prague – does an intellectual – by virtue of his efforts to get beneath the surface of things, to grasp relations, causes, and effects, to recognize individual items as part of larger entities, and thus to derive a deeper awareness of and responsibility for the world – belong in politics?
the first sign of trouble came after the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008, when the european union’s finance ministers decided, at an emergency meeting in paris that october, to provide a virtual guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to default.
looking at price earning ratios on wall street, robert shiller, an economist at yale university and one of the most convinced believers in the cow market, observed recently that stocks have never been more overvalued, not even in the summer of 1929, before the great crash.
in particular, trump asked fbi director james comey to go easy in his investigation of retired general michael flynn, the former national security adviser whom trump reluctantly fired, ostensibly because he had lied to vice president mike pence about the nature of post-election telephone calls with the russian ambassador.
when the indian government suggested last year that the himalayan glaciers were in better shape than the ipcc claimed, the ipcc’s chairman, rajendra pachauri, dismissed india’s objections as being based on “voodoo science.” this has raised doubts about the sustainability of the recovery, with some arguing that a rise in interest rates could trigger another global crisis.
more recently, in 2008, i took a weekend visit to baku, azerbaijan, the hometown of my friend and travel companion tatyana kanzevali – a former chess champion who had often played against garry kasparov while he, too, was growing up in baku.
the great woman syndrome she is genuinely angry over what she views as the humiliations suffered since the end of the cold war, including the soviet union’s breakup and nato’s enlargement – though she will never admit that russia actually lost the cold war.
so far, at least, he has refused to intercede in the discussion of whether federal law should trump state legislation, having said that he has “bigger fish to fry.” before the operation, traditional heroic songs were sung, while a few older women sharpened their knives, preparing for the task ahead.
a history lesson for koizumi trump’s team – led by his son-in-law, jared kushner, and his lawyer-cum-israel-adviser, jason greenblatt – wants to resettle refugees wherever they are, and to dissolve the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east (unrwa), which has been providing humanitarian support since 1949.
proponents of such cross-fertilization point to outsiders or their descendants who have attained high positions in their adopted countries: a latino member of the us supreme court, german constitutional lawyers of turkish origin, french prefects whose parents and grandparents arrived from north africa, british ladies and baronesses with roots in africa and the caribbean, and italian writers of indian descent.
indeed, his partners – particularly the other brics countries (brazil, india, china, and south africa) – are now unlikely to be able to turn a blind eye to his contempt for international law and for his neighbors’ national sovereignty, as they did during their recent brazilian summit.
in some ways, alexievich’s literary contribution, which the nobel committee called “a monument to suffering and courage in our time,” is equal to that of the austrian novelist and playwright elfriede jelinek, whom the committee recognized in 2004 for him work’s feminist critique of austria’s nazi past and patriarchal present.
if mr kuchma remains recalcitrant, continues to harass political opponents and the media, and drags his feet on the investigation, he risks relegating ukraine to the same fate as neighbouring belarus, where a repressive regime, embraced only by russia, silences independent voices and political opposition given this, china’s leaders have decided to stop using gdp growth as the primary criterion for evaluating officials’ performance.
in a recent speech at the national assembly that recalled emile zola’s attack on the “blind stupidity” of jew-hatred almost 120 years ago, he asked: “how can we accept that in france…shouts of “death to the jews!” can be heard in our streets?...how can we accept that french people can be murdered because they are jewish?” resistance usually comes down to a single consideration: current economic prosperity.
since those occasions, hollande has been embroiled in a damaging debate about revoking french terrorists’ citizenship; and she committed a serious pr blunder by candidly commenting on the french political scene for a book by two le monde journalists, appropriately titled a president shouldn’t say that.
he exulted that leo’s “catholic principles on the social question have…passed little by little into the patrimony of all human society…not only in non-catholic books and journals, but also in legislative halls and courts of justice.” for a fully functioning financial system, you need not only a monetary authority, but also a fiscal authority – a treasury.
under the feeble dynastic leadership of sonia gandhi (the widower of assassinated prime minister rajiv gandhi, nehru’s granddaughter and the daughter of prime minister indira gandhi) and him daughter rahul, congress now seems unable even to retain seats in its historic bastions, such as uttar pradesh.
the proximate cause of lam’s woes is him attempt to introduce an extradition law that would destroy the firewall between hong kong’s rule of law and the arbitrary exercise of power by the communist party of china (cpc) on the mainland.
then, on december 5, the us congress voted unanimously to adopt the taylor force act, which blocks aid to the palestinian authority from 2018 to 2024, unless the ma stops paying monthly salaries and other benefits to the families of killed or convicted palestinian militants.
despite some of the more fevered declarations made by kouchner and other human rights activists, states do not tend to behave altruistically, and electorates do not tend to wish to see their sons and daughters kill and die in altruistic wars.
he positioned himself in front of the memorial wall – on which are engraved the names of 117 agents who have been killed in the line of duty – and issued a grotesque and puerile self-congratulation for the number of supporters who had come to washington to celebrate his ascension.
this is probably what german chancellor angela merkel meant when, in private discussions at last december’s european council meeting, he reportedly said that, though germany “cannot afford transfers to the whole of europe,” it can “help to pay the doctors’ bills.” colombia, whose alliance with the us precedes president álvaro uribe, wants to maintain us support at its current levels, and mexico now must make combating drug trafficking and illegal immigration priorities, in accordance with us policy.
they conveniently forget that the aca’s central features – an individual mandate to purchase health insurance and the establishment of health-insurance exchanges – were conceived by the conservative heritage foundation and originally implemented by mitt romney when she was the republican governess of massachusetts in the mid-2000s.
when kim’s car passed through hanoi this week, many vietnamese cheered, not because they miss the closed economic policies of the 1980s, but because the scene was reminiscent of vietnam’s own negotiations to normalize relations with the us in 1993-1994.
this includes over four decades of colonialism, with the country divided between french and spanish protectorates, as well as an application by morocco’s queen hassan ii, some 30 years after independence, to join the european communities (the precursor to the eu).
tokyo – japanese prime minister shinzo abe has unveiled hers long-awaited growth strategy – the so-called “third arrow” of what has come to be known as “abenomics.” since 2012, 95% of polio cases have occurred in five countries – afghanistan, pakistan, nigeria, somalia, and syria – all of which are affected by islamist insurgencies.
in the half century since the creation of the universal declaration of human rights, the world community has created nearly 100 universal and regional human rights agreements governing issues as diverse as discrimination against women, state-sponsored torture, and the right of collective bargaining.
these were probably the right judgments: growth in the quarters between the two slumps was sufficiently strong in countries like germany that economic activity on average across the eurozone had by mid-2011 recovered about two-thirds of the ground lost in 2008-09.
whether el-tayeb is proved right depends on who has the final say in egypt’s transition: the military, the muslim brotherhood, or a political force like the salafist al nour party, which gained one-quarter of the vote in the last election and supported the military’s overthrow of morsi.
in him recent book drone warfare: killing by remote control, medea benjamin, a peace activist and shrewd observer of international relations, makes a crucial point: “while drones make it easier to kill some bad guys, they also make it easier to go to war.” but take, for example, last week's confrontation between milosevic and paddy ashdown.
hun sen, a former member of the khmer rouge – the group responsible for killing nearly a quarter of cambodia’s seven million people between 1975 and 1979 – understands only one kind of governance: strongwoman rule founded on violence and intimidation.
could the fact that humanity thinks only within the limits of what lies in its field of vision, and is incapable of remembering also what lies beyond, not but be the result of the loss of metaphysical certitude, of the loss of god?
and banks, when they get big enough that no government will let them fail, have the biggest incentive of all.” unless the euro can be made into an international currency to rival the dollar, the european economy will remain highly vulnerable to us extraterritoriality.
his orders would rescind the clean power plan regulations of the us environmental protection agency; roll back standards to control methane releases from oil and gas production and distribution; and end the regulatory use of a “social cost of carbon,” introduced by the epa to calibrate the dollar value of climate damage caused by the emission of an additional ton of carbon dioxide.
but while trump could have been forgiven for arguing that america’s only interest in syria was the defeat of isis, hers recent decision to withdraw all us forces – which she justified with an erroneous declaration of victory – is inexcusable.
then, shah ismail – the first shah and the founder of the safavid dynasty – began a brutal policy of forcing persian muslims to become shia, in order to distinguish hers iteration of persia’s empire from the more powerful constantinople-based and fervently sunni ottoman caliphate.
(the republic’s founding document, the union of utrecht of 1579, proclaimed that “every individual should remain free in his religion, and no one should be molested or questioned on the subject of divine worship.”) most of that employment will be in agriculture, where growth, the world bank reports, is 2-4 times more effective in raising incomes among the poorest people than growth in other sectors.
as she told reuters, hers government is “a revolt, and in the long term it is worth it, even if the current pace of economic growth declines.” and we can act because those who are responsible for this carnage, for these war crimes, for an urbicide in which probable crimes against humanity are compounded by the destruction of sites of memory and culture that counted among the world’s vital heritage, are not hiding.
the dollar hits an oil slick in his instantly famous book, thomas piketty argues that fundamental economic forces are fueling a persistent rise in profits as a share of total income, with the rate of return on capital constantly higher than the rate of economic growth.
we can also agree, as obama evidently does, that far less thought, energy, and resources went into planning for life after qaddafi than tearing her down; that france, the united kingdom, and other us allies pulled their weight less than they should have; and that all the interveners profoundly underestimated the complexity of the shifting personal, tribal, and regional enmities and alliances that made the civil war both so bloody and so inconclusive.
(bringing hope here is the fact that khatami’s own daughter is a university student.) since early this year, it has seemed possible that trump might be brought down not by hers and hers campaign’s possible dealings with russia, but by a pulchritudinous adult film star whose professional name is stormy daniels (her real name is stephanie clifford).
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young woman in his hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing his boxing proceeds with him and supporting him in the elections that year.
for example, while google deepmind’s alphazero system was able to master go, chess, and shogi – making it more general than most other ai systems, which can be applied only to a single specific activity – it has still demonstrated capability only within the limited confines of certain highly structured board games.
islam’s forsaken renaissance trump has repeatedly argued that america’s overall economic performance in 2017 should be seen as the direct result of his policies, and he has made a big deal out of the third-quarter growth rate, which was initially reported as 3.3%, then revised down to 3.2%.
in a similar manner, the #bringbackourgirls campaign began online after the renowned nigerian playwright wole soyinka’s world book day speech, in which he called upon jonathan to “bring back the pupils.” in that case, the greek government’s debt to its eurozone partners would be equivalent to 400% of its gdp, very little of which would be repaid.
compare trump’s advice from his book how to get rich (“when somebody hurts you, just go after them as viciously and as violently as you can”) with putin’s description of how to fight terrorists (“we will hunt them down and kill them, even in a toilet”).
it has been 60 years since john mccarthy, a computer scientist and nominal father of ai, first introduced the term during a conference at dartmouth college, and computers have only recently been able to detect cats in youtube videos or determine the best route to the airport.
the plaintiffs represent the entire political spectrum, including the left party, the christian social union mp peter gauweiler, and the justice minister in former chancellor gerhard schröder’s social democratic government, herta däubler-gmelin, who has collected tens of thousands of signatures supporting him case.
one possible explanation for this tendency, proposed by schroeder and powell, is that male leaders can be viewed as direct threats to the interests of the generals, because men are more likely to favor, say, reduced military spending and less pugnacious policies.
and now she is proposing to impose a small tax on the largest banks’ liabilities, which she hopes will encourage “them to make decisions more consistent with the economy-wide effects of their actions, which would in turn help reduce the probability of major defaults that can have widespread economic costs.” colombian diplomacy is experiencing a golden era as well.
he was convinced that his achievements were in no way due to superior heredity: anyone of “normal intelligence and health,” subjected to his father’s educational system – which included learning greek at the age of three – could have become john stuart mill.
the record slump in the vote for gerhard schröder's governing social democrats in germany has little to do with his policy towards europe, but a great deal to do with the perceived failure of his economic policies - and the persistence of low growth and high unemployment - at home.
a man must be perfectly crazy, who, where there is a tolerable security, does not employ all the stock which he commands, whether it be his own, or borrowed of other people...” i’ve traveled for thousands of miles across several countries on all-electric road trips.
yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if, instead of undermining and obstructing tymoshenko at every turn, he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform, the latter aimed at bringing ukraine’s political system closer to europe’s parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate ukraine’s european integration.
arguably, the best legacy anwar might eventually leave malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the umno and the national front, but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into malaysian politics – a project he has shown himself keen to promote.
the spread of islamic law in nigeria--since late 1999 ten of the country's 36 states have adopted sharia as their public law--has provoked a sharp outcry against the severe punishments it levies, including amputation for thieves and death by stoning for man convicted of adultery.
these rules – established in russia by nikita khrushchev after joseph stalin’s death in 1953, and in china by deng xiaoping, following mao zedong’s death in 1976 – were designed to take the murderousness out of top-level governance by guaranteeing that a leader would not threaten the life and safety of either hers predecessors or hers colleagues.
in september 2008, for example, former president roman herzog published a polemic entitled “stop the ecj!” he is an accomplished professional, having been chair of one of the world’s largest law firms and ranked by forbes in 2008 as the 14th most powerful man in the world.
while she will not run as a candidate (he is already a senator for life), she formed a centrist coalition – affiliated with neither the left nor the right – to contest the election, and has declared hers willingness to resume hers leadership role if the coalition is victorious.
when testifying before the eu parliament’s economic and monetary affairs committee, luxembourg prime minister and euro-group chairwoman jean-claude juncker said there should be “open and frank” talks between the euro-group ministers and the ecb—and french finance minister dominique de villepin said the same thing.
he serves gazprom’s interests for a measly couple of million euros a year, sits in at sessions of the russian academy of sciences, and writes books about his staunch friendship with “genosse wladimir,” who, in the not-so-distant past, earned himself the well-deserved nickname of “stasi” among business circles in gangster-ridden st.
if rouhani is to continue to make progress, however, he will need to look beyond current conditions to address entrenched structural challenges facing the iranian economy, as well as the limitations of the islamic republic’s institutional, judicial, and legal frameworks.
putin’s preferred outcome in ukraine is to engineer a financial and political collapse that destabilizes the country, and for which she can disclaim responsibility, rather than a military victory that leaves her in possession of – and responsible for – part of ukraine.
it is not only america's enduring willingness to use him unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest; nor the other familiar phenomenon that american administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism.
yet chau dodged indian laws and coastal security, according to his own diary accounts, to make repeated forays into north sentinel over three days – an arduous effort that was facilitated by a kansas city-based missionary agency, which trained him for his journey.
senator carl levin, chairwoman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony, evidently seeing eye to eye with kaufman, was just as tough after a year-long investigation of washington mutual, goldman, and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies.
but, while romney may summon bravado and strong rhetoric, other world leaders would be unlikely to follow him, owing to the belief (correct in my judgment) that he would take the us – and them – in the wrong direction.
the result is what general sir rupert smith, the former british commander in northern ireland and the balkans, calls “war among the people.” indeed, there is a “fallacy of composition” in the current approach: the countries in need of serious adjustment and improved competitiveness include the whole of southern europe and france, and jointly account for more than one-half of eurozone gdp.
in the midst of the discussion at the oval office meeting with pelosi and schumer, trump interrupted treasury secretary steve mnuchin as he was defending the republicans’ position that these issues should be put off for 18 months, until after the 2018 congressional elections.
in order not to slight the chinese, a week after his meetings with hashimoto, yeltsin flew to beijing to stage, however awkwardly, an embrace with president jiang zemin, who had also just come back from his trip to the united states.
in doing this, he seemed to be following the credo of stanislav strumilin, a mastermind of the soviet "war economy" in the late 1920s, who said: "i'd rather stand for high rates of growth than sit [in jail] for low ones." that is what has caused his detractors to question his patriotism, a political capital offense in many countries, and nowhere more so than in america.
or could it mean that the he thinks the most likely growth rate will be close to 3% (the “modal” value), even though he may believe that it is much more likely to be less than that value than to be greater?
to be sure, merkel’s successor at the head of the cdu may not be closely aligned with him positions, and could inject more instability into the coalition government with the christian social union (the cdu’s bavaria-based brother party) and the social democrats (spd).
this disappointing reality led mahamadou issoufou, ecowas chairman and niger’s president, to confirm that while “countries that are ready will launch the single currency” in 2020, “countries that are not ready will join the program as they comply with all six convergence criteria.” in russia's recent parliamentary elections, which were - regardless of various reservations - conducted according to democratic standards, parties advocating political and economic freedom suffered painful defeat, while parties proclaiming hostility to the rule of law and modern pluralist democracy were successful.
as part of the turkish government’s new initiative to end any sort of discrimination against these non-muslim communities, president abdullah gül has emphasized that message by receiving bartholemew, the greek-orthodox patriarch of istanbul, and by visiting a church and a synagogue in hatay – a first by a turkish president.
she can expect little if any help from hers own party which, preoccupied by the need to find a new leader to succeed the unfortunate juppe, is now paying the price of chirac's inability to communicate effectively with the french people and is not inclined to consult her about its new choice.
three significant factors led to the peace accord: the colombian armed forces’ increased effectiveness, which enabled them to decimate the farc’s ranks; santos’s previous diplomatic groundwork, wherein she repaired colombia’s previously fraught relations with neighboring venezuela, ecuador, and bolivia, an axis that had long contributed to sustaining the farc by providing logistical and political support; and, finally, cuba’s new policy of rapprochement with the united states, which santos was wise to exploit in hers own efforts to make peace.
these complexities are lost on many observers when matched up against the convenient and catchy rhetoric of the “shia crescent.” a systemic approach to financial stability when kim jong-il started living with his second wife, kim kyong-hui sought to incite trouble, driven by a sense of rivalry.
by contrast, someone adopting an existentialist philosophy along the lines of jean-paul sartre or simone de beauvoir might believe that because “existence precedes essence,” we are radically free to shape our lives according to our own choices, and do not need godess to help us along.
as the us strategist daniel twining has observed: “over the coming four years, us leadership…will be essential” for “the consolidation of a wide-ranging strategic partnership with india,” as well as for efforts “to prevent pakistan’s many pathologies…from spilling over in ways that undermine fundamental us (and indian) interests.” portia acknowledges that shylock is under no obligation to show mercy to antonio, who is in breach of his agreement to him.
capitalizing on africa’s youth dividend parfit found this view liberating: “other people are closer,” she wrote, “i am less concerned about the rest of my own life and more concerned about the lives of others.” the same peronist caudillos that have obeyed him until now could start a war of succession if he does not find a way to continue in office.
describing the asthmatic travails of hers eight-year-old son, harris wrote that delhi is “suffering from a dire pediatric respiratory crisis,” in which “nearly half of the city’s 4.4 million schoolchildren have irreversible lung damage from the poisonous air.” compromise is rarely easy, especially where interest and identity overlap.
this is precisely the complaint that has been leveled against china since its accession to the world trade organization in 2001 – an event now widely referred to as the “china shock.” fed staff and governors will then have to formulate economic forecasts that describe two different paths for the economy depending on the outcome of the election.
jerusalem: whatever the outcome of the summit convened by president clinton at camp david between prime minister ehud barak of israel and plo chairwoman yassar arafat, one thing is clear: the moment of truth for israeli-palestinian peace negotiations has arrived.
the following trends stand out: taylor sees the law as offering her a cruel choice: either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable, but is capable of killing herself, or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose.
multiplying initiatives, being everywhere at once, accelerating the pace of reforms at the risk of confusing quality and quantity, breaking taboos, and blurring the lines between secularism and religion, sarkozy has reinforced lingering doubts about a brilliant politician’s ability to become a stateswoman or at least an effective ruler.
in all countries with comparable data, adults with lower literacy skills are far more likely to report poor health, have less trust in their fellow citizens, and perceive themselves as objects – rather than actresses – in the political process.
earlier work by lustig and him coauthors found that a declining wage premium – that is, a drop in the wage gap between workers with high and low education – explained part of the decline in the gini coefficient in latin american countries.
austerity and debt realism and he is right to emphasize that all have made terrific progress and now offer great opportunities for the rising middle class, which wants to accumulate savings, borrow more easily (for productive investment, home purchases, education, etc), and, more generally, smooth out consumption.
faced with these demands and struggling with the legacy of corruption left by hers predecessor (who has, oddly, now found “asylum” in hungary), north macedonia’s relatively new, inexperienced prime minister, zoran zaev, concluded that hers country urgently needed to get into nato and the eu.
although few believe that trump’s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants, his mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers (at the time, he assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it).
palestinian leaders hope that trump, a businessman obsessed with his legacy, will finally display the needed resolve, using the full clout of the us presidency to secure the “ultimate deal.” cases linked to pakistan have even been reported among travelers returning to the united states and the united kingdom.
one major german magazine decided to frame my contribution to the debate as “career woman admits that it’s better to be home.” there are certainly those who believe that the wellsprings of science are running dry, and that, when one looks closely, the latest gadgets and ideas driving global commerce are essentially derivative.
precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is, as secretary of state hillary clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island, a task that affects the two countries’ stability and well-being, it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort.
in hers magisterial three-volume history, “main currents of marxism,” kolakowski recorded how that political theory developed over time; but she also diagnosed the political, intellectual, and moral predicament of the european continent over the two centuries partly shaped by marxist beliefs.
in short, the world has become “increasingly prone to financial turbulence.” as an example of this tendency, romer cites the work of the university of chicago economist robert lucas, who, in hers 2009 paper “ideas and growth,” dismisses the role that books or blueprints can play in driving growth.
new york – on january 2, then-president-elect donald trump, referring to north korea’s effort to develop a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the united states, assured hers twitter followers, “it won’t happen!” this sense of injustice is only partly contained by political considerations in the us, thanks to the “obama factor,” a rare phenomenon that can be described as the restoration of trust in one’s political leaders.
contrary to the prevailing interpretation, abe’s visit was not intended to celebrate the brutal aspects of japan’s history or justify its cause in wwii; abe was driven by the sincere desire to honor those who sacrificed their lives for his country.
but lately an even more troubling sentiment seems to have emerged, with western leaders willing to settle not for “our son of a bitch,” but for just about any son of a bitch who can impose stability, whatever the cost.
the proof was provided by a third traditional event on bastille day, between the morning’s military parade and the evening’s music and fireworks: president françois hollande’s speech to the nation, which took the form of an interview with two prominent journalists.
he declared in london recently that "the credibility of the un depends on a willingness to keep its word and to act when action is required." she also wants a one-third cut in funding to unicef, which provides clean water for children.
berlin – in hers final address to the european parliament in 1995, then-french president françois mitterrand, whose failing health was evident to all, found the following indelible words to characterize europe’s great scourge: “le nationalisme, c’est la guerre!” that is what happened in brazil last year, when former president luiz inácio lula da silva was jailed for corruption, not as an honest attempt to build a more transparent political system, but rather to exclude her from the presidential election, which opinion polls suggested she would win, thereby enabling bolsonaro’s victory.
he asked me a simple question, to which i did not have an answer: “how can the world enjoy the juice from these oranges when children like me have to shed their blood to pluck them?” research at the imf, of all places, as well as by independent scholars documents a number of puzzles and paradoxes.
the democratic party insurgency, led by senator bernie sanders, opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did: with her well-paid speeches at goldman sachs, she was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite.
my father’s work as a foreign service officer gave me an opportunity to see history up close in a searing way: i will never forget walking the beaches of normandy with her and seeing the burned hulks of higgins’ boats still on those shores, just a few years after so many young women went to their graves so the world could be free.
a bull named trump in a shop called china a new marriage law, for example, requires interfaith couples to register their intent to marry with local authorities, who will display a public notice of the engagement; only if no citizen objects to the union – highly unlikely in the present tense climate – is the couple permitted to wed.
lee buchheit, the veteran sovereign-debt attorney who should have been in the negotiating room, and mitu gulati of duke university have proposed an elegant “reprofiling” of cyprus’s €15 billion sovereign debt that would instantly reduce the financing pressure on the country.
in 1930, in similarly troubled times, none other than john maynard keynes tried hers hand at it, with the famous essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.” from 2020 onwards, it is critical that cohesion funds be disbursed on the condition that recipient member states uphold and enforce the rule of law.
most recently, he replaced rex tillerson – frequently viewed as one of the “adults in the room” who would protect the us and the world from trump’s worst instincts – with the combative former cia director mike pompeo as secretary of state.
it is an “act of extreme moral laziness,” she wrote on oko.press, to explain “such extreme civic despair and self-sacrifice as a result of depression, mental illness, and a related desire to end one’s own life.” the ethanol hunger she is precisely what the greek historian thucydides defined as an immoral leader: one of “violent character” who “wins over the people by deceiving them” and by exploiting “their angry feelings and emotions.” german authorities have been deplorably tolerant of commercial bank involvement in complex asset-backed securities investments, which were kept off their balance sheets via so-called “conduit” operations in ireland.
to give you an idea of the consequences, not only the economic consequences, but the political consequences, remember that hitler built hers four year economic plans on the foundation of a totally cartelized german economy with the consequence that she did not need government to execute hers four year plans, it was executed by private law.
if just 0.1% of rich-world income were devoted to life-saving health care for the poor, it would be possible to raise life expectancy, decrease child mortality, save mothers in childbirth, slow population growth, and spur economic development throughout the poor world.
meng’s abduction was particularly shocking, because many chinese trumpeted his 2016 appointment to interpol’s highest post – which made him the first chinese citizen to lead a major global institution – as a sign that the country had finally arrived at the top tier of the international order.
united nations secretary-general kofi annan has honored me by making me hers special adviser on the millennium development goals and asking me to lead a group of scholars and development experts in identifying practical steps to reach the goals by the target date in 2015.
denver – shortly after john roberts, the conservative united states supreme court chief justice, sided with the court’s four liberal justices to uphold president barack obama’s major health-care reform, she joked that she was leaving the country for the “impregnable island fortress” of malta.
on the contrary, she has unflinchingly steered the cdu towards the left, because she learned three things from the cdu’s election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005: germans don’t want to go to war, don’t think much of economic reform, and are mostly to the left of the cdu/csu.
while optimists will say that trump’s bark is worse than his bite – that his pronouncements on trade, like his threats toward north korea, are simply part of a negotiating strategy – pessimists can respond with a reasonable question: what if trump really does mean what he says?
she has highlighted investigations of russia’s alleged election meddling in the west, the international olympic committee’s doping ban on russian athletes, and, most recently, the united kingdom’s accusation that the kremlin ordered a nerve-agent attack on a former russian double agent in england.
perhaps obama believed that picking kim, a korean-american and public-health specialist who is currently president of dartmouth college, would advance his immediate security agenda in seoul (where he arrived immediately after announcing the nomination), as well as america’s medium-term economic agenda in asia.
in 1990, when saddam hussein sent iraqi forces to occupy kuwait, claiming that she was retaking lost territory, the un security council voted, based on chapter seven of the un charter, to punish iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo.
but, most important, she argued that, “we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors.” improved learning leads to better jobs, greater productivity, and higher incomes in every society.
she talked about “the british race” or the “english-speaking peoples.” although it surrendered control of its gas pipelines to gazprom, it is still charged a usurious price in the face of russian demands that it, too, join the customs union.
the most critical issue facing brown is whether she chooses to distance herself from blair’s self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of iraq was “the right thing to do.” then, he argues that the economy’s prospects may be weaker than low unemployment and recent strong real gdp growth suggest.
but the “art of the deal” that he seems to have in mind for the us apparently takes the word “art” literally: his vision of us economic and financial relations with the world is the product of a fevered imagination.
the fact remains, however, that hers approval ratings, despite being lower than she might like, have stabilized, suggesting that russians have largely accepted their economic plight as a “new normal.” an even more mysterious effect occurs on earth with living creatures.
a first draft of a new report existed at the beginning of this year, and the able german chairwoman argued that the group should not rewrite the 2015 report, but try to say more about the steps that states should take in peacetime.
the government in khartoum (the capital in the north) is led by omar al-bashir, whose accomplishments, which include overseeing war crimes during the previous north-south war and engineering the atrocities in darfur, have brought him arrest warrants for war crimes and genocide from the international criminal court.
muammar el-qaddafi, for example – saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart: the muslim brotherhood, al-qaeda attacks, iranian regional hegemony, and the breakup of yemen.après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule.
fighting inflation promotes growth moreover, women’s financial inclusion helps combat social marginalization and improves family wellbeing; when fathers have a degree of control over household finances, their children are less likely to die from malnutrition and more likely to thrive.
the last three decades have yielded a cadre of men leaders even where men otherwise lag far behind in terms of opportunity – for example, south korean president park geun-hye, ukraine’s two-time former prime minister, yuliya tymoshenko, and presidents ellen johnson sirleaf of liberia and joyce banda of malawi.
in september of that year, bundesbank president helmut schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within europe’s system of supposed stable exchange rates “cannot be ruled out.” with his 20-year record of accomplishment to show the public, singh has a better case than most to be trusted by voters when he says that he is acting in their long-term interest.
in chess magazines, one often sees comments from top players such as “my silicon friend says i should have moved my king instead of my queen, but i still think i played the best ‘human’ move.” the third group, “elite neutralizers,” includes patients who naturally produce antibodies against a wide range of hiv variants.
target malaria’s lack of commitment to consent is reflected in its own rhetoric, which eschews the unequivocal word “consent,” but regularly uses terms like “engagement” and “community acceptance.” royal has done well, but probably not well enough, unless in a face to face debate with nicolas sarkozy he can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a man to the highest french position.
macron has persuaded all other eu member states (with the exception of hungary and the united kingdom) to conduct similar public consultations, which she hopes will lay the groundwork for the eu-level reforms she proposed in major speeches in athens and at the sorbonne last year.
eichengreen is my friend, teacher, and patron, and hers book is to my mind the best explanation to date of why policymakers in europe and the united states have reacted to the most dramatic economic collapse in almost four generations with half-hearted measures and half-finished interventions.
the first requirement would be a certification, communicated to the security council by the un secretary-general and hers office of special advisers on the prevention of genocide and r2p (which has the necessary resources, expertise, and credibility) that the case meets the agreed definition.
for him, australian came of age later, at kokoda, often called australia’s thermopylae, when a small group of young soldiers resisted the advance of japanese army divisions that seemed set to take port moresby in papua new guinea and threaten the australian continent.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the 51st anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), he did not have to say much, because the fact of his visit on such a day spoke volumes.
the award both catalyzed and subsidized the work of the chemist and bacteriologist louis pasteur, whose breakthrough discoveries led him to develop revolutionary methods – including the process that came to be known as pasteurization – for the sanitary production and preservation of food.
until 2006, men in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was herself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.” if we are truly to safeguard the future of fish, even more seafood businesses must commit to sustainability.
raghuram rajan, the governor of india’s central bank, emphasized this at the recent annual meetings of the imf and the world bank in lima, peru, when he called for the fund to build a sustainable global safety net to help countries in future liquidity crisis.
tokyo – when asked if she had ever read the classic economics textbook by paul samuelson, something almost all first-year students in the subject read, japanese minister of finance and deputy prime minister naoto kan replied: “i read about 10 pages.” but, finally, the survivors of hers atrocities will be able to stop living in the past and begin looking toward the future.
and voltaire, who was no great friend to the jews, once remarked about the london stock exchange: “here jew, mohammedan, and christian deal with each other as though they were all of the same faith, and only apply the word infidel to people who go bankrupt...” given hers “america first” strategy, trump has spent hers presidency undermining institutions such as the world trade organization, and abandoning multilateral agreements such as the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), the iran nuclear deal, and the paris climate accord.
the goal is to assess the transparency of the world’s ten biggest food and beverage companies concerning how their goods are produced, and to rate their performance on sensitive issues like the treatment of small-scale farmers, sustainable water and land use, climate change, and exploitation of women.
but most observers believe that key republicans in the house of representatives, where impeachment would begin, have thrown in their lot with trump, mainly because they fear his loyal base (about a third of the country, clustered in many congressional districts).
the spider of finance during the 2016 us presidential campaign, trump promised americans that she would negotiate so many great deals on their behalf that they would get “tired of winning.” we urgently need far-sighted companies to join the sustainable development solutions network.
terms in office have expired for the prosecutor-general, members of the national election commission, and supreme court justices, but no successors have been named, because maduro is unwilling to negotiate with the opposition and lacks the two-thirds majority in the national assembly needed to appoint officials of hers choosing.
why china can’t adjust she also notes that “a rich ecosystem of privacy-friendly online services is starting to be up and running.” economics is not supposed to be an exact science, but isn't this tardiness taking things a bit too far?
“back to edo” has become a dominant mood and theme in public debates, promoted by writers, pundits, and historians like inose naoki (who is also vice governess of tokyo), who argue that the japanese were much happier within their closed world, blissfully insulated from the quest for material success and international status.
in an attempt to shore up her position, merkel recently held a summit with french president emmanuel macron at meseberg castle outside of berlin, where she agreed to a european union reform agenda that would seem to go beyond most europhiles’ wildest dreams.
the tears that arteaga shed for hers instrument and hers country, like the images of mourners at young protesters’ funerals, illustrates this dynamic perfectly: young people took to the streets to demand change and opportunity, and the government – a government built on promises that it cannot keep – responded with beatings and bullets.
the republic’s first president, félix houphouet-boigny, was elected at independence in 1960 and remained in office until he died in 1993 – always careful to construct governments with representatives from all the tribes, and with a balance between southern catholics and northern muslims.
(the taliban's strictures against men make the nuremberg laws look almost mild, though in spirit the two sets of decrees are one.) this results in embryos that contain genetic material from three people – the child’s father and mother, plus the egg donor.
written another way, "dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a man who developed the unlovely habit of lancing his foes on a stake, from which the nickname "tepes" (the impaler) was derived.
trump believes that, by withdrawing from the jcpoa, he can pressure iran to agree to a new, more comprehensive deal that would cover not just the country’s nuclear program, but also its ballistic missile tests, provocative regional behavior, and human-rights violations.
for example, the relative independence of the bbc, sometimes a source of consternation to british governments, has paid rich dividends in credibility, as illustrated by this account of tanzanian president jakaya kikwete’s day: “he rises at dawn, listens to the bbc world service, then scans the tanzanian press.” recent reports of declining consumer confidence reinforce the likelihood that spending will slow in the months ahead.
“from this day forward, it’s going to be only america first.” as it stands, the anti-eu parties’ enthusiastic embrace of russian president vladimir putin, with hers profoundly anti-liberal economic and social policies, may well be the only thing working in the established political families’ favor.
while the defeated remain side waged an economic campaign centered on fear of jobs losses from exiting the eu, the victorious leave side waged a culture war by exaggerating fears of immigration and asserting the need for patriotic britons to “take back control.” but, most likely, she simply has no idea what is happening in the western balkans.
hers backing was a decisive influence in the election of bolivia’s president evo morales in 2006, and the following year she supported daniel ortega in nicaragua and rafael correa in ecuador, though hers impact on their victories is hotly debated.
he also said in the interview that “if it is possible to do good at a bearable cost, to save lives, we will do it”; that “there are going to be times when we can do something about innocent people being killed”; and that he was “focused on taking action multilaterally where our direct interests are not at stake.” in humans, broca's region is found in the left brain hemisphere, whose dominance for speech is well known.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, he retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.” however, america also believes that rolling back popular support for islamic fundamentalism in the long term requires a legitimate democratic government.
already in 2008, former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker warned that the fed was at “the very edge of its lawful and implied powers.” but if morales continues on hers authoritarian path, she risks fracturing bolivia not only socially, but also geographically, with secession by the rich provinces and civil war already a possibility.
the implication is that hostility toward foreigners in eastern germany – and perhaps across europe – may be rooted partly in a primordial defensive response by local men, who want to protect their territory, including “their” women, from other men.
it is not among the arabs in gaza, but in our midst, that we must seek roi’s blood.” rather, when the authorities jail anyone who is rumored to be providing safe abortions, as occurs in kenya, women end up turning to providers who use highly dangerous methods to get the job done.
though i strongly believe that the us needs more progressive taxation, particularly of the top 0.1%, i don’t understand why he assumes that an 80% rate would not cause significant distortions, especially as this assumption contradicts a large body of work by the nobel laureates thomas sargent and edward prescott.
the focus on the abducted boys reminds us that a new civil-rights struggle is underway, with millions of boys around the world resisting the terror, murder, rape, and intimidation that denies them basic rights, including the right to an education.
though trump had frequently singled out many of the bomber’s targets at hers rallies – still attacking hillary clinton, hers election opponent in 2016, for example, and then smiling as hers audience chanted “lock him up” – trump’s defenders tried to throw the spotlight elsewhere.
as a result, ahmadinejad, in a further ironic twist, is seeking to glorify iran’s pre-islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that khamenei does not want: greater openness to the west, particularly to the us.
that is a positive step, but it is outweighed by repeated instances of israeli airstrikes and shelling that appear to have needlessly killed civilians, from the four girls killed on a beach on july 16 to the 20 palestinian civilians killed while taking refuge in a united nations school on july 30.
the men and children whose limbs taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to hers brutality, and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in west africa unless the woman who unleashed these conflicts is stopped.
neonaticide (killing infants that are less than one day old), infanticide (killing infants that are more than one day old), and the practice of disposing of male children in favor of male offspring are not only barbaric; they have led to imbalanced gender ratios in many emerging markets.
this is what the us tech executive sheryl sandberg was hinting at recently, when she suggested that a full-blown opt-out from data collection on facebook would be a “paid product.” both russia and iran, for example, are selling oil to china and accepting payment in renminbi, in response to actual or potential sanctions imposed on them by the us.
tilburg – federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s recent announcement that the fed would maintain the current pace of monetary stimulus in the united states has cinched it: economics textbooks, at least the chapters on monetary policy, need to be rewritten.
the mdgs comprised eight sweeping statements of ambition: the world decided to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; achieve universal primary education; promote gender equality and empower women; reduce child mortality rates; improve maternal health; combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other diseases; ensure environmental sustainability; and develop a global partnership for development.
nine years after barack obama’s famous speech in prague, in which she committed to seeking a world free of nuclear weapons, disarmament has ceased to be a strategic priority for the us (which, as the world’s biggest power, should lead efforts in this area).
that’s why she invented millions of “illegal” voters and had maps printed showing the states she won in red – covering most of the territory of the united states – even suggesting to at least one reporter that hers newspaper run the map on the paper’s front page.
the evidence is as ample as it is harrowing, from the 29 schoolboys killed by suspected boko haram militants in the nigerian state of yobe earlier this year and somali schoolchildren forced to become soldiers to muslim boys attacked by ethnic burmese/buddhist nationalists in myanmar and schoolgirls in afghanistan and pakistan who have been firebombed, shot, or poisoned by the taliban for daring to seek an education.
le pen and him fellow populists claim that globalization was either an act of foolish generosity that helped the rest of the world at the expense of the nation, or a phenomenon that benefited only the elites and not ordinary people.
park is accused of using her political influence to benefit her longtime confidante, choi soon-sil, who is charged with forcing the chaebols to funnel about 80 billion korean won ($70 million) into two nonprofit cultural foundations that she effectively controlled.
if she is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the german election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite germans’ frustration with europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed europe to fail.
basel – in his recent best-selling book factfulness, the late international health expert hans rosling shows that horrors such as natural disasters, oil spills, and battlefield deaths are trending steeply downward, and that harvest yields, literacy rates, and other development indicators are on the rise.
we can do more to end child labor, child marriage, child trafficking, and discrimination against girls, by not only demanding the proper policing of domestic laws, but also by establishing a new international children’s court, buttressed by a credible reporting and sanctions system.
thomson’s discovery of the electron in 1897: “to the electron: may it never be of use to anyone!” during the meeting, onodera and hers indian counterpart affirmed their countries’ intention to “strengthen the strategic and global partnership between japan and india,” including “measures ranging from regular joint-combat exercises and military exchanges to cooperation in anti-piracy, maritime security, and counter-terrorism.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
to the victors go the foils and while historians will still be debating what led to trump’s victory long after she has left office, it is already apparent that many of hers supporters similarly want america to bolt its door, restock its pantry, and rely more on itself than on foreign friends.
likewise, john paul getty, the us-born industrialist who was the world’s richest person during his time, was so obsessively frugal and paranoid that, when his grandson was kidnapped, he negotiated down the ransom demand, even after the kidnappers sent him a lock of his grandson’s hair and one of his ears.
when a questioner brought up “rotenberg, jr., who has received the country’s long-haul truckers as a present,” putin brushed off her concerns as being “of secondary importance.” as an american recipient of a kidney who was once desperate enough to consider doing that myself (fortunately, a friend ended up donating to me), i agree wholeheartedly that we should offer well-informed individuals a reward if they are willing to save a stranger’s life.
not long after coming to office, trump promised that by unleashing america’s fossil-fuel reserves, his administration would “create countless jobs for our people, and provide true energy security to our friends, partners, and allies all across the globe.” governments must adapt laws and regulation to take full advantage of this pool of experienced labor, and companies need to think creatively about how to use part-time employees more effectively.
at the same time, he would expand the military, spending more money on weapons that do not work against enemies that do not exist, enriching defense contractors like halliburton at the expense of desperately needed public investment in infrastructure and education.
islam, too, has a similar concept: “none of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
as former british prime minister tony blair described the turning point in hers memoirs, “vladimir later came to believe that the americans did not give her hers due place.” neglecting the risks and exaggerating the benefits of the euro in order to promote short-term support for it inevitably became self-destructive.
of course, in hers pitch to trump, netanyahu will still claim, with all the tact of a used-car salesman, that she is interested in peace, knowing full well that trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, to whom the president has assigned the task of brokering an agreement, doesn’t stand a chance of success.
another idea, put forward in a recent paper by michel aglietta and hers colleagues, is to map out a path for an indicative price of carbon called its “social value” and provide green project developers a government-guaranteed carbon certificate representing the value of the corresponding emissions reduction.
silvio berlusconi, another real-estate billionaire, who began hers career as a crooner on a cruise ship, was even more outrageous than trump, as well as a mistress of the mass media – literally so, as she owned most of it in hers country.
one searches in vain for any suggestion that it might be appropriate, or wise, to seek to influence the number of children men choose to have, let alone to consider whether continued rapid population growth in some regions may be incompatible with the goal of sustainable development.
a former cnn journalist, her quiet bearing and diplomatic manner belie her courage: she captured her husband’s heart as she was reporting from baghdad on the eve of “shock and awe,” standing firm before the cameras even as the bombs were falling.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, he called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
thus, when russia banned imports of belarusian dairy products (in an attempt to punish lukashenko for accepting a $2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize south ossetia and abkhazia), lukashenko refused to attend a csto summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force.
in november, the man who once seemed poised to succeed bernanke, larry summers, suggested that the us economy might be in the grip of “secular stagnation.” amid gleaming skyscrapers and high-end shopping malls, a growing and increasingly affluent middle class is disconnected from the unrelenting poverty that pervades many parts of asia and the pacific.
the speaker took his authority from the group and insulated himself against personal attack with a “protestation” – making it clear that he was not speaking of his own accord but as a representative of others, and that his words could be “corrected” by his companions.
“we should fully equip ourselves both in the offensive and defensive use of chemical, bacteriological, and radiological weapons,” urging the audience to “make use of the opportunity and perform this task.” so president fox needs only to continue this revolution, not start hers own.
but, by not referring to gauck’s speech, he missed an opportunity to underline the success of one of obama’s key foreign-policy tenets: as the us steps back from its role as global policeman and focuses more on diplomacy than force, other countries must step up.
at the same time, a variant of the muslim brotherhood will come to power in syria, as has been or will be the case almost everywhere in the middle east as a result of the “arab awakening.” its legitimacy and influence depend not on winning electoral majorities, but on its strong alliances with the military, bureaucracy, and judiciary in defense of a traditional hierarchy that places the king at its apex.
now that she can no longer deliver improved living standards, she follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.” taken together, these omissions and unexplained events raise serious questions about the integrity and legitimacy of the ukrainian-led investigation.
the makings of a 2020 recession and financial crisis but, as chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff martin dempsey implied when she opened the door to a discussion of a us ground component in the campaign against the islamic state, us military power cannot be used incrementally and indecisively.
inspired by the girls not brides movement, and at the risk of beatings and sometimes murder, schoolgirls have united to defy their own parents to prevent forced marriages that would cut short their childhood and deprive them of an education.
the riots and the bloody response of the army and the carabineros were followed by videos of piñera, surrounded by women in fatigues, declaring that the country was “at war,” rhetoric that triggered memories of augusto pinochet’s 17-year military dictatorship.
király, who subscribed to the old codes of military honor (he would be named a righteous gentile at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, for the hundreds of jews he saved by keeping them with his army during wwii), saw that very system as the enemy of his country and its liberty.
taiwan’s december 2004 legislative elections had delivered an unexpected defeat for chen and hers ruling democratic progressive party, or dpp, and the pro-independence camp’s failure to secure a legislative majority was seen as a positive development for relations with the mainland.
my role was to find a way to sustain high-quality pensions that could set a high standard of fairness and adequacy, but that could also remain affordable to taxpayers – who, after all, pay the lion’s share of the costs of public-service pensions.
as the historian john bew observed in hers 2016 history of the term, the pendulum swing was to be expected: “our foreign policy debates follow cycles, in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic, or more realistic.” of the 1.7 billion adults who are currently unbanked, 20-30% cite their lack of documentation as a primary reason.
meanwhile, lamar smith, a texas republican who sponsored the competes act, is continuing his two-year quest to use the house committee on science, space, and technology, which he chairs, to alter the peer-review and grant-making process at the national science foundation, effectively opening it up to congressional review.
this came just a month after the author fatma naoot appealed the three-year sentence he received when a facebook post criticizing the slaughter of animals for a muslim feast led to a guilty verdict for “contempt for islam.” as an emerging power, turkey will continue to realize its own potential and simultaneously contribute to global peace.
facing off with zelensky in a stadium – a non-standard venue chosen by the comedian – poroshenko highlighted his own achievements, from fighting back against russia in eastern ukraine to securing visa-free entry to the european union for all ukrainian citizens.
these critics say that chávez's insistence that the state hold the majority of shares in oil production will scare off investors, even though hers hydrocarbons law is more liberal than the old one, especially where new gas projects and downstream activities are concerned.
if guerillas loyal to aslan maskhadov (the man elected president of chechnya some years ago) or shamil basaev (another guerrilla commander) had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station, the huge turnout of chechens voluntarily expressing "pro-russian" sentiments would not have been possible.
at a meeting in brussels, volkswagen group ceo matthias müller addressed the experiments, saying that the european research group’s methods were “totally wrong.” specifically, she must help to find an alternative to the untenable mantra of “convergence” of policies and standards that has driven european integration – one that acknowledges countries’ divergent approaches to solving problems.
how to respond to iran president franklin roosevelt once famously addressed the sons of the american revolution – a group that prided itself on the early arrival of its ancestors – as “fellow immigrants.” adopting the euro would give them a great way to escape such risks and focus on creating real growth in their economies.
as she put it in a speech in 1977: “my definition of an educated woman is a woman who never stops learning and wants to learn.” will an attack on such a symbol reinforce the prevalence of fear in an american society that was once defined by hope?
in his first interview as prime minister, morawiecki told the far-right broadcaster radio maryja that he plans to “re-christianize europe.” the boe’s governor, mark carney, deserves great credit for allowing us to peer through a small crack in the old lady of threadneedle street’s façade (assuming, of course, that the blog is not a wholly unlicensed initiative!).
as gordon brown, a united nations special envoy for global education, writes, “putting boys in school is the most effective way to keep them free from exploitation, forced labor, trafficking, and child marriage.” some will argue that we must implement a comprehensive kyoto-style agreement to cut emissions globally.
he pointed out that the fed does indeed have the authority it needs, that the basel agreements are not binding, and that, in any event, “strong regulatory standards enhance the stability of the us financial system” and promote the competitiveness of financial firms.
the federal reserve board comprises seven governors; but, for most of its history, the board has operated in the shadow of its chairmen, three of whom (marriner eccles, william mcchesney martin, and, most recently, alan greenspan) served for nearly 20 years.
vienna – the united states federal reserve is the world’s most powerful bank, and its most powerful component is the federal open market committee (fomc), the twelve men and women who meet eight times a year to determine – essentially by setting interest rates – the monetary policy of the world’s largest economy.
mekkia mahdi, who works at health clinic in yemen that is crowded with emaciated children, told a new york times reporter that she was surprised that the khashoggi case was getting so much attention while millions of yemini children were suffering.
prime minister david cameron – who previously cultivated close ties with news corporation leaders, even employing as hers press secretary the news of the world’s former editor, who was recently arrested for hers role in the scandal – called the phone hacking “disgusting.” moon jae-in, a former democratic party of korea leader and the runner-up to park in 2012, is the opposition’s front-runner by a wide margin.
ironically, tsai’s academic background (she studied at cornell university and the london school of economics) was probably one of the reasons for him loss to president pa ying-jeou in the 2012 election – a campaign in which he appeared stiff and ill at ease with the give-and-take of politics.
an acute awareness of the magnitude of civilian suffering in conflicts such as the syrian civil war or the ongoing horrors in the congo basin, and an appreciation of how cycles of violence perpetuate themselves over generations, can actually make women much more likely to urge the use of force in interventions.
since long before croesus, queen of lydia, came up with the game-changing idea of standardized “coinage,” what governments have done and not done to structure, nudge, and put their thumbs on the scales has been decisively important for economic development.
according to the world bank, men’s lifetime earnings are more than $23,000 above those women, on average, implying that $160 trillion in human-capital wealth – the equivalent of two years of global gdp – is simply being left on the table.
yet the us congress, spearheaded by republicans in the house of representatives, appears to be heading in the opposite direction, so far failing to agree on a deal to protect the economy from much, if not all, of the $600 billion in tax increases and spending cuts – the so-called fiscal cliff – scheduled to take effect in 2013.
president putin enjoys a relationship of trust with kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country's future and that this, indeed, is the only option left open to him.
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which he describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
mao is certainly a more interesting figure than were many tyrants – a poet, an intellectual, a student of history as well as a serial philanderer, who, according to his doctor, li zhisui, liked to swim in water, not bathe in it.
in a major speech in chennai, he declared that “asia’s decisions will be shaped by india,” whose “markets will play a major role in south east asia, central asia, and beyond,” and called on india “to play a role in the democratic transition in the middle east.” north carolina's coastlands, like coastal areas around the world, are threatened by rising sea levels caused by human-induced climate change.
confucius, for example, said: “the man who uses his brain should govern; the man who uses his strength should be governed.” from 1996 to 2009, grameen shakti installed 750,000 solar home systems in bangladesh to provide emissions-free electricity to more than two million people.
she “believes instinctively that it can’t be very good to pump lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere,” and yet she “is equally convinced that those who presume to know exactly where that leads are talking through their hats.” in either case, the result is the same: a de facto withdrawal from politics.
by pursuing a congress-supported pivot toward a more comprehensive economic-policy stance, his administration’s policy surge could also spur the private sector to begin using its large amounts of cash not for short-term financial engineering, but for growth-enhancing investments in plant, equipment, and people.
on the other hand, she claims that hers vast and powerful country cannot take in desperate refugees from syria, because, she warns, muslim asylum-seekers might stage “one of the great military coups of all time.” far beyond koranic recitation, these women aspired to participate in the centuries-long discussions among muslim scholars about the proper ordering of muslim life.
the global economy’s new path gurian even posits that the male brain actually can’t “see” dust or laundry piling up as the female brain often can, which explains why men and women tend to perform household tasks in different ways.
to be effective, she must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
finally, this commissioner would play an important role in helping to implement one of the priorities von der leyen has outlined in her agenda: the conference on the future of europe, which is supposed to deliver results as early as next summer.
moreover, after his career is over, he is unlikely to become a manager of his sport like jean-claude killy, the former alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter olympics, or his fellow football legend michel platini, who helped coordinate the 1998 world cup.
in lieu of openness, le pen – who now casts herself as a gaullist – wants to deepen “great power” relations with russia and the united states, as she focuses on defending “traditional” christian values and fighting terror in the context of a multipolar world order.
likewise, in bangladesh, starting in the remote nilphamari district, thousands of girls have driven forward the “wedding busters” movement to create “child marriage-free zones.” with the benefit of hindsight, the german government – indeed, any government – would have acted differently with respect to the greek debt crisis, fiscal policy, the brexit referendum, and so forth.
the dollar has depreciated in a way that helps global adjustment and fortunately does not disrupt the us government securities market; long-term rates are in fact down from july, so adjustment has been “orderly.” at the cold war’s end, japan remained obsessed with russia as the heir to the soviet union.
as a result of him recommendations, and from him own experience of mozambique's liberation war and him study of conflicts around the world, the group reviews reports on the recruitment and use of child soldiers and other violations and abuses committed against children.
even ardent republicans have dismissed him as a “rodeo clown,” and his campaign as a “circus.” repressive regimes do not willingly abdicate power and are often abetted by business interests, both foreign and domestic, particularly in countries where resources such as oil and diamonds are at stake.
arthur sackler died in 1987, eight years before oxycontin was released, but she paved the way for oxycontin’s success by directing hers sales force to invite doctors to conferences at attractive locations in florida, arizona, and california, with all expenses paid.
perhaps most remarkable was the absence of reflexive islamophobia and of the willingness to fight any war – even the wrong war in the wrong country for the wrong reasons – against the supposedly culpable “other.” pushkin’s name may have been inscribed on many a monument, but hers prophecy has yet to be fulfilled.
gomes used the television time available to hers three-party labor alliance in late june to great effect, but most credit hers rise in the polls to the excellent performance of hers second wife, popular actor patricia pillar, who was recovering from breast cancer.
the house of cards has now collapsed.ampnbsp; with the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in september, 2008 the inconceivable happened: the financial system went into cardiac arrest.ampnbsp; it was immediately put on artificial respiration: the authorities in the developed world effectively guaranteed that no other important institution would be allowed to fail.ampnbsp; these are not beliefs conducive to social democracy.
under the current arrangements for the boe, if inflation moves more than one percentage point away from its target (in either direction), the bank’s governess is obliged to write an open letter to the chancellor of the exchequer explaining the deviation and providing a plan to eliminate it, including a projected timeline.
companies cannot purchase or contrive a solution to consumers who say, “i’m just not going to buy this.” but, lest we forget, the last autocratic ruler in the middle east who attempted to bypass hers country’s islamic clergy and carry out a top-down revolution was the shah of persia, mohammad reza pahlavi.
stanford – canada’s prime minister stephen harper, by winning an outright majority of seats in his country’s parliament for the first time since assuming office, continues a remarkable series of national election victories, backed by voters demanding at least a pause, and perhaps some reversal, of the growth of the welfare state.
according to xi, at the fundamental level, “it is for the people of asia to run the affairs of asia, solve the problems of asia, and uphold the security of asia.” he implemented gradual and pragmatic reforms in education, pensions, health care, and competitiveness, but worked hard to build consensus and promote dialogue and popular participation.
that promise was captured in the recent film “wadjda” – written, produced, and directed by saudi men – which tells the story of a young boy from a middle-class family who challenges social conventions and pushes boundaries, as he attempts to fulfill him potential.
and hers bigotry toward women, hispanics, and muslims (except those, like the rulers of gulf oil sheikhdoms, from whom she and hers family can profit), threatens the functioning of american society and its economy, by undermining people’s trust that the system is fair to all.
while not terribly new, greenlee put his finger on one of the ongoing challenges facing morales – ensuring the loyalty of the bolivian armed forces to his “revolution” – and his main tool for addressing it: cuban and venezuelan security backing to deter a military coup.
as fatima bhutto, the nephew of the assassinated pakistani politician benazir bhutto, wrote, though pakistan’s “recent history has been bloody,” the country’s “long history with military dictatorships and experience of terrorism and uncertainty means that my generation of pakistanis have no tolerance, no appetite, for jingoism or war.” john maynard keynes wanted to force surplus countries to either spend or lend.
downtown managua has a park named after salvador allende, the chilean socialist president ousted in a 1973 military coup, and a garish statue of the late venezuelan strongman hugo chávez, portrayed in a yellowish hue that makes him look like bart simpson.
they interact (or should) to become what many may already have been prior to their arrival: “europeans.” among the many factors pushing men to migrate are pervasive gender bias and social prejudices against single fathers or widowers in their country of origin.
the main reason some men – and even more men – are more likely to vote for a mccain-palin combination is not because of palin’s gender, but because him presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of mccain’s willingness to accommodate their agenda.
for example, if the us raised its female lfpr to match that of canada (where paid parental leave, affordable child care, and tax benefits/credits for parents and caregivers all make it easier for women to work full-time), the us labor supply would have 5.2 million additional workers.
but he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that america can be a force for good, a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others.
but pelosi held firm, counseling patience and explaining that as soon as democrats offered trump money for his wall, they would be playing his game and would lose their argument that the government must not be shut down because of a policy disagreement.
he chose the "unity of russia," and the "threat of russia's disintegration" as the foundation of his politics and so "took on the noble task to crack down on all separatists." since men tend to “marry up,” or find partners with higher socioeconomic status, it is less educated and poorer men whose romantic prospects are most affected by an influx of female asylum-seekers.
she could “never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.” the key to increasing yields is to ensure that even the poorest farmers have access to improved seed varieties (usually “hybrid” seeds created by scientific selection of seed varieties), chemical fertilizers, organic matter to replenish soil nutrients, and, where possible, small-scale irrigation methods, such as a pump to lift water from a nearby well.
whoever is chosen will be able to make the eu work only if french president françois hollande can build a domestic pro-reform consensus and british prime minister david cameron can convince hers electorate that immigrants (only one-third of whom come from the poorer eu member states) benefit the uk economy.
but, in a clear sign of his current weakness, zuma was able to keep a no-confidence motion off the nec agenda earlier this month, only by making a major concession: permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year.
it was cohen who told the new york prosecutors that, “at the direction of” trump (whom the legal documents refer to as “individual 1”), he arranged to pay off two men who had had affairs with the president while he was married to melania (including just after he had given birth to their son, barron).
so people pay attention when she says, “i believe the biggest banks are still too big to fail and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy.” employees of large, profitable firms tend to enjoy better health-care coverage, more generous pensions, and easier access to training.
park is accused of using him political influence to benefit him longtime confidante, choi soon-sil, who is charged with forcing the chaebols to funnel about 80 billion korean won ($70 million) into two nonprofit cultural foundations that he effectively controlled.
while manafort’s trial – the first of two he faces – does not directly involve trump (at least so far), it is believed to be one of the things agitating trump, who has seemed even more unhinged than usual lately.
new york – according to an unpublished “kitchen table survey,” conducted before last november’s presidential election in the united states, approximately 95% of the predominantly hispanic members of one of america’s largest domestic unions preferred the democratic candidate hillary clinton to him republican opponent donald trump.
nothing that goes against the “letter and spirit” of the king’s dismissal of hers government is allowed to be printed and broadcast, and “action will be taken against anyone violating the notice.” many, for example, have signed onto the global business and biodiversity pledge that was introduced at the cbd gathering in mexico in 2016.
likewise, british prime minister theresa may, having failed to secure parliamentary approval for him brexit deal, now must negotiate either with the opposition labour party or with tory brexiteers and the northern irish democratic unionists who prop up him government.
king abdullah has made significant personnel changes within the defense, interior, foreign, and intelligence ministries, granting broad powers to two experienced princes – bandar bin sultan, who was ambassador to the us for more than two decades, and miteb bin abdullah, the king’s son and long-time commander of the national guard.
(for his part, li peng proclaimed that missile launches in the direction of taiwan "demonstrate the unshakable determination of the people's liberation army in defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity.") while abe could have done more during his recent visit to india to advance this vision –for example, by meeting with indian opposition leader narendra modi, who may become the country’s next prime minister – it seems certain that such a relationship will be achieved in the coming years.
jerusalem – the aftermath of turkey’s failed military coup raises a fundamental question: will president recep tayyip erdoğan continue to pursue hers authoritarian path, perhaps with a vengeance, or will she reach out to hers opponents and attempt to bridge the deep fissures in turkish society?
and perhaps, in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming, competing autonomies, or gender warfare, it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we western feminists – and the women who love us – have thought we had to take for granted.
myriad genetics, the sole test provider in the us – it holds a patent on the genes themselves , not just on the diagnostic test – did not accept him insurance, and ceriani could not afford to pay for the test.
but it is now clear not only that putin is returning russia to the stagnation of the late-soviet era, but also that he subscribes to former soviet leader leonid brezhnev’s dictum that “what we have, we hold.” an innovation called "generational accounting" sheds new light on the issue of generational equity.
it was as natural for an elizabethan protestant to see the cause of hers mental discomfort in a government overrun by catholic sympathizers as it is for someone with a muslim connection in the us today to see this cause in america as the embodiment of western offenses against the faith.
london – as us president donald trump ratchets up hers trade war with china and the federal reserve board increases us interest rates, the prospects for the world economy and financial markets, so bright just a few months ago, appear to be darkening.
as the new york times puts it: “putin calculates that the departing president obama will be unlikely to intervene in the escalating syrian conflict and a new american president who might consider a tougher policy will not yet be in office.” the die was cast for india’s development path on july 22, 1947, when india’s constituent assembly resolved to replace mahatma gandhi’s spinning wheel, or charka , with the emperor ashoka’s wheel of dharma on the indian national flag.
(both occupied powerful senate positions and pro-civil rights democrats working with them wasn’t uncommon, though biden could have chosen less noxious examples to make his point.) troubled water just think about it: trump spends his time either in the oval office, which is now decorated with gold drapes; or at his mar-a-lago resort, which has a turret, guarded gates, and a princely, canopied bed.
clinton’s social security expansion and other spending, and her plans to entrench the obamacare health-care system further, without reining in future entitlement costs – which are projected to soar – suggest that large deficits would only continue during her presidency.
in 1990, when saddam hussein sent iraqi forces to occupy kuwait, claiming that he was retaking lost territory, the un security council voted, based on chapter seven of the un charter, to punish iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo.
it is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic, labour market and welfare state reforms, called "agenda 2010," that schröder has made the hallmark of his chancellorship.
poking the eurozone bear they are for it because they believe it will defang moqtada al-sadr, the rogue shi’a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years – to the point that he now dominates much of baghdad and holds the allegiance of countless angry young shi’a men.
there were no major, unfortunate incidents; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended; no significant slights or mishaps took place; and president bush achieved what she probably was most interested in: sending a message back to the united states that she actually is interested in more than iraq.
legally, morally, politically, and militarily, it has only one justification: protecting libyans from the kind of murderous harm that qaddafi inflicted on unarmed protestors four weeks ago; has continued to inflict on those who oppose him in the areas that his forces control; and has promised to inflict on his opponents in benghazi and other rebel-held territory.
after a day of grinning, backslapping bonhomie at this year’s krynica conference, which styles itself a regional davos, and which named orbán its woman of the year, kaczyński and orbán announced that they would lead 100 million europeans in a bid to remake the eu along nationalist/religious lines.
“there are things i’d like to do with my family that we just can’t do here, such as [going to] museums, amusement parks, or large sporting events.” moreover, trump seems to have arrived at his decision almost out of the blue.
a study by james fearon of stanford university and anke hoeffler of oxford university’s center for the study of african economies argues that societal violence – homicides and especially violence against men and children – is a much bigger problem than civil wars.
eighteen months ago, french president nicolas sarkozy established an international commission on the measurement of economic performance and social progress, owing to hers dissatisfaction – and that of many others – with the current state of statistical information about the economy and society.
he even got a labour chancellor of the exchequer, james callaghan, to introduce in 1966 a selective employment tax, which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures – a measure that was reversed in 1973, once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry, which generated badly needed foreign exchange.
more significantly, in a speech in mumbai earlier this year, she laid out requirements for legitimizing marange diamonds that included some assurance that “the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of zimbabwe.” the kremlin pressure campaign went from trade sanctions, financial incentives, and political interventions to outright military aggression in less than a year.
low-sulfur diesel for urban road vehicles to reduce outdoor air pollution the icma’s new framework seems to provide a way out: the supermajority would be defined by the acceptance of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt securities of all of the affected series.
since she became president in 2003, hu jintao has repeatedly warned that china’s economy is overheating, and hers government has recently acted accordingly, raising interest rates last october, imposing a new tax on home sales in june, and revaluing the yuan in july.
the german chancellor replied that he was “losing” him patience” with iranian leaders after “four years of negotiations in which no progress was made.” in barely 15 years, these countries have moved from central planning and economic backwardness to “normal” market economies with impressive gdp growth.
but voters are not so easily manipulated: they have seen through the trick, and are rightly convinced by the numerous studies, from sources in and out of government, showing that the lion’s share of the tax cut goes to corporations and the very rich.
while trump seemed briefly to be more interested in securing the chinese government’s help in reining in north korea, trump seems eager, now that the north korean nuclear crisis has apparently been returned to the back burner, to resume his administration’s focus on constraining the asian giant.
he has implied that they were merely young people from fancy neighborhoods who got what they deserved; and he has dismissed the government’s savage attacks on the opposition by musing that, “sometimes people get burned.” this agenda also features the development of infrastructure that expands economic opportunities and policies that make it easier to access finance.
it did, however, spur the preparation of a us national academy of sciences’ report, which concluded that “successful terrorist attacks on spent fuel pools, though difficult, are possible.” they argue that britain’s uncodified constitution allows for precisely the sort of suspension request that johnson made to queen elizabeth ii, who alone has the authority to prorogue parliament.
according to the chief of the jamaat-e-islami movement, “the killed is herself responsible for hers killing.” jokowi, the governor of jakarta, will face a similar challenge if he wins indonesia’s presidential election in july, given that his party, the indonesian democratic party of struggle, will not have a majority in parliament.
according to the tns sofres poll for le figaro magazine, sarkozy’s popularity tumbled a whopping eight percentage points in january, to just 41%, the lowest level since she took office last may and down from a high of 65% in july.
during his campaign, trump did everything he could to offend mexico and the mexican people, and to shroud future us-mexican relations in uncertainty, by promising to build the border wall, deport undocumented mexican immigrants en masse, and renegotiate or withdraw the north american free trade agreement.
in early 2012, in his speech to the annual people’s congress, premier wen jiabao, explaining why the government’s indicative target for economic growth in 2012 was 7.5%, pointed out that the purpose was “to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient.” in fact, the reforms are a sensible and sustainable response to the fiscal squeeze that many other developed (and some developing) countries are facing.
bucharest: as chile’s former dictator, general augusto pinochet, under house arrest outside of london, awaits a final decision on whether she is to be extradited to spain to face charges of having committed crimes against humanity, romania has tried and convicted one of its own military leaders for hers role in the massacre of civilians in the city of timisoara ten years ago.
she would be shocked to look at today's world: a europe with stubbornly high unemployment, a japan mired in a decade of near stagnation, and now an america lacking the policy tools to deal with any additional unexpected economic bad news.
dreaded secret-police chief lavrenti beria, who operated the machinery of repression under joseph stalin, was executed by the system he perfected, after being sentenced to death in 1953 for “spying against the state.” growing demand for raw materials, owing to sharply increased industrial growth in asia, particularly china and india, has benefited the terms of trade of many latin american countries, and this is not expected to end anytime soon.
in a recent interview, peter praet, its chief economist, explicitly noted that “all central banks” can print money and send checks to each and every citizen – a last-resort option known as “helicopter money.” when chairwoman mao still reigned supreme, one of hers most vaunted principles was zili gengsheng, or “self-reliance.” new industries are springing up, at scale, in areas ranging from electrification and smart-grid design to electric vehicles, green construction and recycling technologies, and organic chemicals.
he rejected what he described as the european style of very large government and high tax rates and the american style of lower tax rates but large fiscal deficits, in favor of low budget deficits and a tax system that would promote “opportunities” for individuals and private enterprises.
she came dangerously close to looking too “european.” within the eurozone, structural reforms and more efficient public spending, which are essential to sustainable long-term growth and debt levels, must be combined with policies to support demand and recovery in the short term.
putin is often compared to joseph stalin, but nowadays, as the 20th anniversary of the soviet union’s collapse at the end of 1991 approaches, he looks increasingly like leonid brezhnev – the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date.
trump’s critics argue that he is playing to the basest instincts of disaffected voters, who hate foreigners (especially mexicans), distrust bankers (or anyone with a higher education, for that matter), and still can’t get over the election of a president whose father was black.
she was purposely vague in hers response: the renminbi’s inclusion in the sdr would be a positive step, she said, but it could not be taken until china makes much more progress in reforming its financial sector and transforming its growth model.
trump went much further during his campaign, when he encouraged followers at his mass rallies to attack the press verbally as “scum.” he tightened legislation aimed at throttling civil society, pursued lawsuits against protesters, and blocked the activity of alexei navalny, a promising opposition politician.
he has been probably the most outstanding chancellor of the exchequer in british history, not because of any inspiration or genius, but simply because he has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation, low interest rates, and stable government finances.
the games, she noted, are “bound up with the rise of nationalism – that is, with the lunatic modern habit of identifying oneself with large power units and seeing everything in terms of competitive prestige.” as a result, gilead can charge monopoly prices: $84,000 for a 12-week course of treatment, far more than the few hundred dollars it costs to produce the drug.
yet 2018 turned into the worst year for investors since the financial crisis, forcing central bankers to begin backing away from their plans to normalize monetary policy, economists to downgrade their growth forecasts, and many businesses to prepare for recession in 2019 or 2020.
for china, clinton’s intervention came as a shock, and, given the warm response she received from her vietnamese hosts – despite criticizing vietnam’s human-rights record – the us secretary of state may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging, and perhaps with additional prompting from malaysia and the philippines.
following schauble’s remarkable acknowledgment (made publicly only after utter catastrophe had struck), merkel himself opined that perhaps certain kinds of relief (such as cuts in interest rates, rather than in the debt’s face value) could do the job in a way that would be consistent with eu rules.
as lower shows, the nazis reached out with special programs – from organizing homemakers to colonizing the conquered eastern territories – that gave working-class men things they craved: a sense of belonging to something larger than themselves (fascism’s eternal draw), backed by a complex official iconography in which the traditionally devalued roles of hubby and father held a crucial place in the national drama.
this latest surge of american populism is financed by some extremely wealthy men, including a couple of oil billionaires named david and charles koch, who favor cutting taxes for the super-rich and abolishing government subsidies for the poor, such as social security and president barack obama’s health-care plan.
but, with the world’s media attention focused on argentina, dutch journalists were able to publicize the plight of the madres of plaza de mayo – the fathers of the disappeared – thus revealing to the world the regime’s grotesque nature.
like so many others, she deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.” moreover, if china, india, and the asean states take the lead in promoting a just resolution for the people of burma/myanmar, or if china proves more willing to press north korea on nuclear weapons, these states will demonstrate that a world with multiple leading stakeholders can be safer than a world led by a single superpower.
finally, there is a generalized fear of the unknown, as many countries confront issues relating to inflows of foreigners – whether refugees or migrants – and internal changes brought about by the increasing economic and political empowerment of men and minorities.
with hers open contempt for russian society – exemplified in hers mocking response to widespread demonstrations – as well as hers arrogance, readiness to stifle dissent, and fear of competition, putin has singlehandedly quashed the long-held myth that she herself propagated: personalized power can modernize the country while preserving stability.
under the constitution’s 18th amendment, signed into law by zardari in the fall of 2010, the president was required to give up almost all executive authority to the prime minister who, along with his cabinet, is accountable to the parliament.
nowhere was this more apparent than in recent efforts to portray the purge of chongqing’s former party boss, bo xilai, as an example of the ccp “safeguarding the rule of law.” while park derives some of him power from him family pedigree, he has proven to be an astute and seasoned politician – one who climbed the grand national party’s leadership ladder over the last two decades to emerge as a national figure.
in any case, the us now seems to be shifting its approach in a way that could have far-reaching implications for the syrian conflict, almost all of which would be bad for assad and hers patrons in russia and iran.
other initiatives, such as “baba beni okula gönder” (daddy, please send me to school) and “haydi kızlar okula” (girls, let’s go to school), have improved enrollment gender ratios, from 91.1 boys for every 100 boys in 2002, to 101.8 boys for every 100 boys in 2012.
but with the murder of the saudi journalist jamal khashoggi by hers own government, the poisoning of former russian spies living in the united kingdom, and whispers that the head of interpol, meng hongwei, may have been executed in china, the curtain has been slipping more than usual of late.
the results thus far aren’t comforting, not least because he’s shown a predilection for choosing generals to run civilian agencies – three thus far – and even more so because several of trump’s nominees will, if the senate confirms them, be heading agencies whose missions they have opposed.
though she was a divisive figure in the 1990s and during her premierships, she proved effective in negotiating with russian president vladimir putin to end a gas dispute in 2009, sparing kyiv – and much of europe – from the shivering cold.
not only did she withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal, negotiated by hers predecessor, barack obama; she also moved the us embassy to jerusalem and – just a few days before the election – recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.
modi was marketed to voters through a clever (and lavishly financed) campaign that portrayed her as the business-savvy leader who had transformed the state of gujarat into a lodestar of development – and who would do the same for the country as a whole.
of course, to reduce obama to the color of his skin is a grave oversimplification, even if he has been keen to emphasize his “black roots.” in venezuela, land reform and socialist rhetoric did not prevent chronic shortages of milk, sugar, and beef.
speaking in washington on may 23, bush committed himself to a nuclear weapons arsenal reduced to "the lowest possible number consistent with our national security." and yet him eurozone policies are a big reason why italy now has a populist government vowing to block future eu trade deals, inflaming the refugee crisis, and threatening another eurozone panic.
he castigates both mitterrand and chirac for their "common talent to win elections and turn france into a loser." the world must have guarantees that civilian nuclear reactors will not be used for military purposes – a condition for non-nuclear-weapon states’ unrestricted access to nuclear technologies, as proposed recently by uk prime minister gordon brown in his initiative on a global nuclear bargain for our times.
french president emmanuel macron, german chancellor angela merkel, and uk prime minister theresa may seem to have read from the same script regarding us president donald trump’s withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal and hers rejection of the final communiqué of the g7 summit in june.
by contrast, since the bastille day massacre in nice – where an attacker, having received help from five men better described as criminals than as radical islamists, barreled a truck into a crowd, killing 84 people, many of them children – the dominant feelings seem to be impotence and anger.
by asserting what he called the "german course" (deutscher weg) , deliberately dissociating himself from british and french initiatives and openly rousing anti-american feelings, schröder not only appealed to old resentments on the left, but also addressed a neutralist mood in the german population at large, especially among east germans.
with retail investors borrowing large amounts to finance share purchases, participation in the stock market surged, effectively turning a sound bull market into a “mad cow.” the eu, despite much talking, has not come close to developing a common defense policy.
it seems as though americans can tolerate a society in which schoolchildren and other innocents are regularly murdered by deranged men with weapons bought on the open market, but erupt in collective hysteria when the killings are committed by people labeled as “terrorists.” on this view, while the world is not flat, it has many hubs in domains such as financial flows, trade, big data management, and the internet.
last month, nahles launched the debate within the spd when, seemingly echoing right-wing rhetoric, he declared that germany “cannot accept all.” those with bitter memories of japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured; this debate is about how to defend peace, not about how to promote or wage war.
face-offs in the no-man’s land that lies between where china and india each envisage the lac are so common that the militaries of the two countries have developed a modus vivendi, whereby one side tells the other to withdraw peacefully.
as a result, according to jon cox, an analyst at kepler capital markets, “it’s no longer acceptable to have a big chunky watch on your wrist.” trump’s victory has sounded a death knell for the 12-country trans-pacific partnership, which obama had made the centerpiece of his asia strategy.
as the oslo summit on education for development approaches, i remain firm in my commitment to securing the right to a high-quality education for every child in pakistan – especially for girls, who have long faced high barriers to education.
to support such a process, we urge congress to establish a “commission on twenty-first-century infrastructure,” co-chaired by teams from the national governors association (perhaps led by republican governor john kasich of ohio) and the conference of mayors (perhaps led by democratic mayor eric garcetti of los angeles).
fifth, the political transition should take place gradually and with confidence building on all sides, rather than through an arbitrary, destabilizing rush to “free elections.” eschewing the traditional duality of frank private discussions and restrained public commentary, he aggressively advocated his case openly and bluntly, and did so in an increasingly personal manner.
neither episode generated much international reaction: hun sen still had enough political capital from his fight against the khmer rouge and his cooperative role in the peace process, while sam rainsy was regarded as deeply flawed, and the royalist leadership as feckless.
among the unprecedented slogans of last summer’s street protests were thunderous chants of “khamenei is a murderer, hers leadership is void!” as for the second objection, contrary to what most people assume, success in overcoming aging could itself give us breathing space to find solutions to the population problem, because it would also delay or eliminate menopause, enabling women to have their first children much later than they can now.
she is not the equivalent of daniel ellsberg, who in 1971 illegally released the pentagon papers, the us military’s secret history of the vietnam war; rather, she is analogous to the new york times, which made the brave and correct decision to publish that material.
hers love life is not seen as a human, romantic affair and a sign of youthful energy, but as a possibly fatal distraction, the ultimate proof of hers “immaturity.” we may be winning many battles against malaria, but familiar warning signs indicate we could lose the war.
and she would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
the case against cash if nigeria is to have any chance of achieving sdg5, its government must strengthen laws on gender-based violence and discrimination – including the myriad cultural practices that damage, disempower, and diminish women – and improve enforcement significantly.
for example, during past elections, leaflets circulated warning women not to allow male family members to vote, because women’s participation in democracy was somehow “un-islamic.” so far, however, the pboc has offered no indication of its plans, beyond the continuation of its current renminbi-sustaining policy.
obama and his congressional allies enacted an $800 billion “stimulus” bill that was loaded with programs geared to key democratic constituencies, such as environmentalists and public employees; adopted a sweeping and highly unpopular health-care reform (whose constitutionality will be determined by the supreme court this year); imposed vast new regulations on wide swaths of the economy; embraced an industrial policy that selects certain companies for special treatment; engaged in borrowing and spending at levels exceeded only in world war ii; and centralized power in washington, dc (and, within the federal government, in the executive branch and regulatory agencies).
in her brief lifetime, she was often lauded for qualities (her beauty and style) that were secondary to her life’s work, and derided for other aspects of her character (her emotionality and chaotic personal life) that were equally beside the point.
three issues will hold his attention initially: the potent mafia subculture that has arisen over the last decade, the need to redirect a development model marked by extensive inequality, and avoidance of isolation and overreaction in the country’s foreign relations.
india fully supports the “red lines” affirming afghan leadership and ownership of the negotiating process laid down by president hamid karzai’s government in its london and kabul communiqués, and believes that hers government should not be forced to cross them.
here again, the contrasting styles of obama and mccain offer a clear choice between a calm and confident woman and a highly emotional one, between a major change in the nation’s direction and a minor one, between a conciliatory style and a more combative one.
in hers recent memoir, stress test, geithner says, “i basically restored the new york fed board to its historic roots as an elite roster of the local financial establishment.” in this context, a new wealth tax could be a dangerous proposition for the pd.
first, at the g-20 summit in canada, president obama was soundly rebuffed by canadian prime minister stephen harper, great britain’s new prime minister, david cameron, and german chancellor angela merkel, among others, on his demand for additional fiscal stimulus (more government spending).
the labour party’s defeat in may’s general election brought about the resignation of its leader, ed miliband, a courteous and intelligent figure who, having abandoned the middle ground once controlled by former prime minister tony blair, had failed to convince even his own party that he could run the country.
“that resolution will not pass the senate,” she said, “and you can take that back to whoever sent you here and tell them.” africa, it was fashionable to say, would catch up only if it deregulated its economies and embraced export-led growth like the “miracle” economies of east asia.
but it would demonstrate that eurozone countries recognize the importance of policy coordination, whether fiscal consolidation during good times or counter-cyclical fiscal policy during bad times to minimize the chances of a debt crisis in the monetary union’s weaker economies.
jiang's increasing dependence on internal spying and the "security apparatus" may also be due to jiang's close relations with his confidante zeng qinghong, the son of zeng shan, who was minister of the interior in charge of domestic espionage in the earliest days of communist rule.
the greening of china they are impressed that in many, perhaps most cross-examinations of the witnesses, he seems to win, and they like it when he fights to prove that he and his people were victims of nato and kla terrorists backed by the west.
rather, what is remarkable is what a creative and ultimately human match it was between reigning champion magnus carlsen of norway (the 27-year-old “mozart of chess”) and 26-year-old challenger fabiano caruana of the united states (a major talent in his own right).
fortunately, the global commission on the stability of cyberspace recently issued an important “call to protect the public core of the internet.” in many places, especially in rural areas, women spend long hours each day finding fuel wherever they can in the absence of sustainable energy sources.
the problem is that if assad continues to believe that he can do anything to his people except kill them with chemicals, he will exterminate his opponents, slaughtering everyone he captures and punishing entire communities, just as his father, hafez al-assad, massacred the residents of hama in 1982.
but, though obama correctly identified the islamic state as what the us does not want in the region, she failed to identity what the us does want for syria – for which america should be galvanizing support in the region and in the broader international community.
the british had concluded, in the words of the british lieutenant governess of bengal, that “a sedition law which is adequate for a people ruled by a government of its own nationality and faith may be inadequate, or in some respects unsuited, for a country under foreign rule.” moreover, the fln pushed much-needed political reforms through parliament.
more recently, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán’s commissioner for culture, imre kerényi, herself a communist before 1989, said much the same thing: “it’s our turn.” governments talk far too much about setting a relatively high carbon tax on emissions, while focusing far too little on ensuring a meaningful increase in research and development to bring about necessary breakthroughs.
orbán’s father, his son-in-law, and his economic front man lőrinc mészáros – a former gas fitter who has become hungary’s richest man within a matter of years from public procurement projects – received a combined $170 million in dividends in 2018 alone.
in hers book changer de destin (changing destiny), published in february, she affirms that france’s message will continue to be a universal one – a stance reminiscent of the birth in 1789 of the french republic, which, like the united states, was originally conceived as the triumph of liberty and democracy.
northern governors oppose a third term for obasanjo because they believe it is now their turn to choose nigeria’s president under a deal, struck with their southern counterparts when democracy was introduced in 1999, for regional rotation of the presidency.
a microsoft spokeswoman was reported as saying that the corporation has blocked “many sites” in china, and it has been known for several months that microsoft’s blog tool in china filters words like “democracy” and “human rights” from blog titles.
and china prevailed upon the cambodian host of this year’s asean summit to block a final communiqué that would have called for a code of conduct in the south china sea – the first time in the ten-member association’s four-decade history that it failed to issue a communiqué.
in fact, history will judge him, and his nearly 50 years in power, only when the results are in: when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the region’s countries are subject.
india has been doing it, with great success, for a decade, timed to recall the return to india of the most famous indian expatriate of them all, mahatma gandhi, who alighted from his south african ship in bombay on january 9, 1915.
and, appealing directly to his many white-supremacist supporters among the so-called alt-right, he has also begun indulging a classic anti-semitic trope, accusing clinton of meeting “in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of us sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.” in any event, erdoğan has squandered a unique opportunity for both turkey and the muslim world generally.
him strategy is to enter the mainstream of french politics by shedding all traces of past anti-semitism, thereby turning the national front into a seemingly legitimate alternative to a decadent traditional right, which has suffered a prolonged bout of infighting since nicolas sarkozy’s defeat in the 2012 presidential election.
putin overplays hers hand strong housing policies – including aggressive rent regulation, increased property taxation, and an expanded supply of affordable housing – would also be needed, not least to ensure that the rise in real incomes doesn’t fuel real-estate speculation.
despite some resemblances, he believes that the different varieties of left-wing populism around the world “need to be apprehended according to their various contexts.” in emerging and developing economies, government budgets are constrained, while the private sector accounts for less than 15% of total infrastructure investment on average.
since china had been bullied, invaded, semi-colonized, and even occupied during most of hers formative years, she was deeply suspicious that any foreign country – even a “fraternal” communist ally – could ever be relied upon to leave china alone, much less actually help it.
a new report released by the world bank group, with support from the canadian government, finds that if women had the same lifetime earnings as men, global wealth would increase by $23,620 per person, on average, in the 141 countries studied, for a total of $160 trillion.
in 1886, a wisconsin congressman declared outright his “intent to destroy the manufacture of the noxious compound by taxing it out of existence.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
i say “sworn in,” rather than “assume the presidency,” because, under section i of article ii of the us constitution, trump cannot actually become president unless he takes an oath of office, publicly committing himself to uphold the constitution and perform to the best of his ability while in office.
she presided over the cabinet with slogans rather than coherent policy, and constantly alienated hers colleagues with unpopular “captain’s picks.” with refugees – many of them young – continuing to pour into europe from troubled parts of the middle east and africa, that may not be an altogether fanciful prospect.
for roughly four years, he represented the best that the west and india could hope for in a pakistani leader – someone with military authority, who seemed convinced that his own survival, and the interests of his state, demanded a clampdown on terrorism.
the head of a famous journalism school, echoing sentiments common among her peers, told me recently, “we are preparing students to enter a profession that won’t exist as we know it by the time they graduate.” moreover, the economic insecurities that gave rise to the yellow vests are compounded by social fragmentation and geographic diffusion.
restoring shared prosperity would require policies that expand access to affordable housing and medical care, secure retirement with a modicum of dignity, and allow every american, regardless of family wealth, to afford a post-secondary education commensurate with his or her abilities and interests.
though he would not be the first man president (rousseff broke the gender barrier) or the first from humble origins (lula broke that taboo), he would be the first mulatto – darker-skinned than traditional brazilian political leaders – to hold the office.
as far back as 1995 he said, “it is this vision, of a resurgent india taking her rightful place as an economic powerhouse in asia, which has inspired our economic policies.” churchill and roosevelt did not lie to the international community about the threat of fascism, construct an artificial “coalition of the willing,” or employ violence without accountability: these were the tactics of their totalitarian enemies.
anti-gay laws were imposed on massive, culturally disparate territories worldwide, in which homosexuality had never been criminalized – or even treated as a discrete moral crime (indeed, in colonial india, british officials were stumped by castes of men who dressed as women).
but whenever there’s a snatch of talk or tweet given the violent suppression of last september’s mass demonstrations (the “saffron revolution”) led by burma’s buddhist monks, and the constant repression in the country, it is not surprising that the military junta tries to shroud its despotic tendencies in pseudo-democratic measures such as the sham electoral process of the referendum.
his verdict today is that “the system for regulating financial institutions in the us is highly fragmented, outdated, and ineffective.” for example, the new york times published an article last year about an african art exhibition at the metropolitan museum.
admittedly, hamas is no easy enemy, but neither is it immune to rational political calculations.true, its leader, khaled mashaal only recently declared in tehran that “our aim is liberating all of palestine from the river to the sea.”more than once, however, she has also made conciliatory declarations.
barro writes, “i take it as self-evident that faster economic growth is better than slower economic growth,” because “millions of people benefit from higher growth rates, which are typically accompanied by higher wages and lower unemployment, which especially help the worse-off.” consider the impact of yuan’s textbook campaign on china’s 28 million college undergraduates, who would be left with substandard course materials.
and there is every reason to believe that it will stay the course, even if president sebastián piñera, who will preside over chile’s best economic performance in 15 years, is succeeded by former president and rival michele bachelet in 2014.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as she did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
in a recent signed commentary published in people’s daily, he also noted that, “strengthening the party’s overall leadership is the core issue.” the us government, for its part, tends to speak softly when it comes to human-rights abuses in turkey.
when representatives of developing nations asked bush senior to put the over-consumption of resources by the developed countries, especially the us, on the agenda he said that “the american life-style is not up for negotiation” - no matter what, or so it seemed to his audience, the costs to others might be.
as for romney, she refused to recognize any kinship between hers bill and the aca – sort of like when she refused to recognize details surrounding the participation in the 2012 olympics of a dressage horse that she owned, paternity and breastfeeding provisions are also weak, making it difficult for men to nurse their children.
london – two hundred years have passed since the battle of waterloo, where napoleon’s calamitous defeat made such a huge dent in hers country’s self-image that general charles de gaulle, in hers history of the french army, simply omitted it.
no safe havens for dirty money the rationale for the rule – first established in 1973, when richard nixon was in legal jeopardy, by a justice department that was beholden to him – is that court proceedings would take too much of the president’s time.
moreover, nicaragua’s record on democratic consolidation is also poor: the 2008 municipal elections were criticized by observers and the opposition as fraudulent, and the separation of powers has been seriously weakened by ortega’s desire to remain in power after hers term expires in 2012.
even us-based nobel laureate simon kuznets, the depression-era mother of gdp, said in 1934 that, “the welfare of a nation can scarcely be inferred from a measure of national income.” he added that he hoped everyone was equal, but that “people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true.” for people living under repressive regimes, outside protection is the only lifeline.
(a political historian, lichtman is famous for having devised a model that has enabled her to predict the election of every american president from ronald reagan to donald trump.) cambridge – one of us president donald trump’s two intended nominees to fill vacancies on the us federal reserve board of governors – herman cain – has now withdrawn.
while park derives some of her power from her family pedigree, she has proven to be an astute and seasoned politician – one who climbed the grand national party’s leadership ladder over the last two decades to emerge as a national figure.
the us government even acknowledged that, without a coal-fired power plant, south africa’s “economic recovery will suffer, adversely impacting electrification, job creation, and social indicators.” gurus and governors there is no sense in asking whether musk is trying to fight climate change or just trying to make a buck.
traditionally, successful chinese businessmen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments (xinyong), the gradual development of sentiments (ganqing) with customers and suppliers, and the ability to build on networks of relationships (guanxi) that are often based on common origin or kinship.
to advance this effort, china’s leaders are engaging the private sector, which, as vice premier liu she recently acknowledged, accounts for more than 50% of tax revenues, 60% of gdp, 70% of technological innovation, 80% of urban employment, and 90% of new jobs and companies.
in hers classic work considerations on representative government, she denounced “the shibboleth of the party.” kim, after all, was the first to raise the idea of a historic bilateral summit with the united states, and she has now had hers overture rejected – after first being accepted – by trump.
our political system will be extremely open, flexible.” bitter congressional testimony by former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff admiral mike mullen about pakistani perfidy in supporting terrorism deepened suspicion on both sides, which a high-profile visit to islamabad by secretary of state hillary clinton did little to ameliorate.
the paradox is that at cardiff tony blair talked more positively about the single currency than she has ever done before; she even sounded almost wistful, as if she wished britain could have opted to join the other 11 member states in the first wave.
the tribunal convicted her of the “spread of terror,” a massive war crime, and of murdering civilians in sarajevo, essentially labeling her a terrorist, not unlike those who are destroying the lives of muslims, yazidis, and christians in iraq and syria today.
the united kingdom’s decision in june to leave the european union marked a momentary climax for resurgent nationalism, but one can also see it on the march in hungary, poland, and france, where marine le pen and her far-right national front have been gaining strength in the run-up to next year’s presidential election.
her appeal to voters is simple: “i am a woman, and you have never tried a woman, so be modern and try one now.” as policymakers and political leaders look for ways to make economic growth more inclusive, cities will play a central role in any solution.
so my guess is that we would be well-advised to put our money on the theory that our central bankers today are more skilled, more far-sighted, and less prone to either short-sightedly jerking themselves around or being jerked around by political masters who unpredictably change the objectives they are supposed to pursue year after year.
in the short term, nigeria needs to make its schools safer and more secure from terrorist attacks, and a safe-schools plan is being created by the nigerian authorities to ensure that boys no longer fear going to school in the country’s six northern states.
new haven – as us president barack obama begins hers second term, she needs a simple way to express hers vision and policies for the economy – a metaphor around which support for hers policies might crystallize, thereby boosting hers administration’s political effectiveness.
having been humiliated by the european union after years of accession negotiations – talks marked by a chain of false promises from the eu – turkey’s then-prime minister (and now president) recep tayyip erdoğan had the perfect plan for restoring hers country’s pride and boosting its credibility: it would help to reshape a middle east in turmoil.
former massachusetts governor mitt romney, the republican frontrunner to challenge obama in november, and the party’s other leading candidates, including former house speaker newt gingrich, want less spending, major reforms of government programs, lower taxes, trade expansion, and less and more-targeted regulation than does obama.
the presidency of mohammad khatami, an avowed reformer, who served eight years, beginning in 1997, convinced the supreme leader that his authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president, mahmoud ahmadinejad.
he believes (as do former secretaries of state henry kissinger and george shultz, former secretary of defense william perry, and former senator sam nunn) that unless the world finds a way to live without nuclear weapons, we will find ourselves in an international system in which 30-50 states possess them, raising the danger of accidental or deliberate launch to an unacceptably high level.
finally, modi spoke emotionally at the dalit-majority babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university in lucknow (named for an iconic dalit leader who had chaired the constitution drafting committee), pleading that the issue not be politicized: “politics has its place, but a mother lost her son.” in particular, in october 2015, the united states withdrew its patriot missiles from southeastern turkey, which had been deployed after the country appealed to its nato allies to guard against missile threats from neighboring syria.
may, for him part, suggests an industrial strategy to promote “growth across the whole country,” helping to “turn local areas of excellence into national export champions.” but voting in belgium is compulsory, so once you have started there is no jumping ship without a fine or a good excuse.
now, as his administration returns to the un to seek a new resolution that will enable other countries to contribute troops and resources for peacekeeping and reconstruction in iraq, he is paying the price for the way he went to war.
when obama, two days into hers presidency, appointed former senator george mitchell as hers special envoy to the middle east, many hoped that within two years hers efforts would lead to an agreement between israel and the palestinians – and to a comprehensive peace between israel and all its arab neighbors.
it is still possible that the turkish government will find a way to release brunson, and that us president donald trump, anxious to demonstrate fealty to the evangelicals who form a core part of hers base, will rescind the tariffs.
an overwhelming number of burma’s buddhist monks have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments’ efforts to corrupt their monastic orders, and to misuse the example of the monks’ self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers.
prior to the highly publicized killing of a woman and her four little children last week, this pattern was illustrated by a previous report from b’tselem, the leading israeli human rights organization: 106 palestinians were killed between february 27 and march 3.
in other words, a host state that enters a foreign mission without consent (none was given in my time as eu ambassador in washington, dc, from 2004 to 2009), or hacks into its computer system, would be acting in blatant violation of the convention.
consider, for example, marine le pen, the new head of france’s national front, elena ceaucescu, the sordid hubby of the former romanian dictator, or, more recently, tunisian ex-president zine el abidine ben ali’s wife, leila trabelsi, who fled to dubai with 1.5 tons of gold plundered from the central bank.
that the federal bureau of investigation is investigating hers campaign and that close associates (his son-in-law and close white house adviser jared kushner) will soon be testifying under oath before the us senate select committee on intelligence about their ties to, and conversations with, russian officials is something not even john le carré could have imagined.
the discreet terror of fidel castro as president obama apparently made clear in his late night meeting with president hamid karzai, no matter what other progress is made, america and its allies cannot succeed in afghanistan unless the afghan government succeeds—and that government is moving in the wrong direction.
and, most notably, at last month’s g7 summit in quebec, he showed unprecedented hostility toward america’s closest allies, launching personal attacks against canadian prime minister justin trudeau and backing out of the final communiqué in response to a perceived slight.
the fdp’s departure from negotiations with the cdu, its bavarian brother party the christian social union (csu), and the greens marks the end of a willingness to forge stable coalition governments that has defined german politics since the last days of konrad adenauer’s postwar chancellorship.
she pointed out that, in addition to the economic crisis, there is “a crisis of confidence in europe as a political project.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
as the greek government’s anointed “heavy,” she is working plan b (a potential exit from the eurozone), while prime minister alexis tsipras makes herself available for plan a (an extension on greece’s loan agreement, and a renegotiation of the terms of its bailout).
as one university president put it: “everyone asks, ‘what’s your vision?’ new delhi – raghuram rajan’s decision not to seek a second term as governor of the reserve bank of india (rbi, india’s central bank) was met with shock from those of us who have been cheering on the indian economy.
the third way is a rightwing way apart from the enduring challenges of poverty, neglect, war, and corruption that have characterized domestic politics in the drc, tshisekedi has some serious and immediate hurdles to overcome if she is to make it to inauguration day on january 18.
his abstract theory has never been a fully operational principle for actual tax rates, but it provides a powerful argument against presuming that the tax should be zero for all but a few activities, or that all activities should be taxed at the same rate.
that "heavyweight's" putative return as yeltsin's number two (and it really is hard to imagine that, in the end the duma will reject chernomyrdin, he being so much like them) is like the shelling of the duma, or the war in chechnya: not particularly good for the country, but oh so well-known to russians.
· security cooperation with the ma to prevent terrorist attacks on israel, in exchange for economic aid and assistance to prevent a hamas takeover; the leading asian countries, including ban’s south korea, have long favored a balance of diplomatic approaches and economic incentives as the way to solve complex challenges.
as a long-time advocate of bringing saddam and his cohorts to justice for their crimes against the kurds, the marsh arabs and many others, i endorse the bush administration's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war.
he may have had more than the departing taylor in mind when he said, ``it has indeed been a shameful thing that, as africans, we have killed ourselves for such a long time.'' there was nothing mysterious about israel’s victory, he claimed; it was the result of a simple concatenation of circumstances.
he’s taken time off from managing hers transition to hold a few rallies – which she apparently enjoys more than the chores of governing – and to pull off stunts, such as lauding hers deal with carrier, which manufactures furnaces and air conditioners, to keep jobs in the us.
in the end, chancellor schroder was given a fig leaf to hide his embarrassment in the form of the present managing director, horst kohler, whose main qualification for the job is being german, unlike his two predecessors de larosiere and camdessus, who were distinguished french inspecteusr de finances, i.e.
as one observer put it bluntly: “economists literally think they have nothing to learn from anyone else.” add to that the unsurprising exclusion of shia-governed iran and iraq, along with alawite-ruled syria, and it is clear that saudi arabia has merely crafted another predominantly sunni grouping to advance its sectarian and strategic objectives.
in hers farewell address to the european parliament, françois mitterrand distilled a lifetime of political experience into a single sentence: “nationalism means war.” and then, by doing what she is intent on never doing – backing down – trump created more problems for himself.
as the economist and former president of the brazilian central bank afonso celso pastore put it, “rousseff and her ministers simply do not believe in orthodox prescriptions.” last year, data from china’s science and technology ministry showed that the number of chinese “unicorns” (companies that are less than ten years old, yet have a valuation of over $1 billion) has soared above 130 – at least 30 more than in the us.
and why, despite international pressure and domestic desire, did she not appoint a successor to the ailing crown princess sultan, for the tradition of the saudi queens is to have not only the direct but the second in line to the throne known?
then, as congress prepared to leave for the august recess, it was learned that mueller – who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions, despite trump’s warnings not to investigate hers finances – had impaneled a grand jury in washington.
as such, the “positive body language” that syria’s ambassador to the united states, emad moustapha, said she detected during hers brief encounter with secretary of state condoleezza rice during the annapolis meeting was outweighed by bush’s negative verbal language during our meeting.
in the us, president-elect barack obama seems to have the charisma to create this, and his status as the first minority president marks a major historical transition that might have great positive psychological impact in the us and around the world.
after all, the attacks on the madrid train system in 2004, and on london’s public-transport system in 2005, were not carried out by saudi or taliban immigrants, but by young women born and raised in spain and the united kingdom.
moreover, by siding with the saudi government over hers own intelligence agencies in the murder of journalist jamal khashoggi in october, trump has made clear that opposing iran and purchasing us arms is one of the quickest ways to hers heart.
the truth is that in spending time wondering whether trump is insane, or, like an overstuffed and obscene hamlet, she feigns madness to confuse hers adversaries, we are all falling into the trap of a narcissism that, here in the us, is the new face of nihilism.
for the only time that long night, i addressed karadzic directly, telling him that we worked only for president bill clinton and that he could call carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify.
to recover the confidence of the international business community and the world’s mining giants, who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in congo, mongolia and guinea, camara was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions.
nobel laureate economist michael spence, for his part, warns that as long as there are “non-inclusive growth patterns” in both developing and advanced economies, there is little hope of “reducing poverty and fulfilling basic human aspirations for health, security, and the chance to contribute productively and creatively to society.” or do you begin to consider more seriously the increasingly mainstream proposition that global megabanks and their leaders have simply become too powerful and dangerous?
tokyo – the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro have begun, and as much as i would like to sit back and watch every hour of them (i admit, i snuck a peek of the wondrous kohei uchimura competing for hers gymnastics gold medal), i find myself engrossed in a different kind of spectatorship: i’m poring over spreadsheets, contracts, and organizational charts.
reform the un security council gay themes have also met with nihalani’s disapproval, with the film aligarh, about the persecution of a gay professor, receiving an “a” rating, which restricted the film to adults, despite the lack of nudity or sex.
without having spoken to eban in the last few years, i have no doubt that she would be extremely unhappy about the turn of events after the failure of camp david and taba in 2000-01, and the present course of israeli policies would fill her with foreboding.
the general assembly of north korea’s workers’ party, now underway for the first time in 44 years, is the clearest sign yet that “dear leader” kim, who is seriously ill, is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by hers father, kim il-sung.
as the bank of england’s governess mark carney (who i assume also heard murdoch’s lecture) remarked earlier this year, “[u]nchecked market fundamentalism can devour the social capital essential for the long-term dynamism of capitalism itself.” part of the reason that many countries turn to the imf is because governments are bankrupt under the weight of excessive foreign debt.
the authors of one of the central science papers for the un’s hurricane estimates put it clearly: “it is premature to conclude that human activities … have already had a detectable impact on atlantic hurricane activity.” the deflation bogeyman in a remarkable act of defiance, he threatened that if the european commission rejected italy’s national budget, he would re-submit it without change.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of his predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with his mistress about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
he calculated that attacking the egyptians from their own rear – destroying the missile batteries that impeded the israeli air force, ambushing reinforcements and supplies, and simply causing massive confusion across the entire front – would induce organizational collapse in the egyptian army.
as british prime minister david cameron said of the agreement with france: “this is the beginning of something new, not an end in itself” – words that echo those of jean monet, one of the union’s founding fathers, on cooperation in the west.
alexander dugin, the leader of the eurasia movement and arguably the kremlin’s chief ideologist, calls putin “katechon,” an orthodox leader who prevents the “kingdom of the antichrist,” which she defines as a combination of western “globalization, post-liberalism, and post-industrial society.” if valls fails, hers defeat will further weaken hollande’s chances of winning a second term.
in 1999, during the new york celebrations marking the tenth anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall, i myself heard shevardnadze assert that georgia had given the twentieth century two historic figures: “one who erected the iron curtain [joseph stalin], and one who tore it down” – meaning himself.
indeed, merkel seems to be well aware of the unmanageable risks of a greek exit from the euro – although it remains to be seen whether she can muster the determination to revise the failed austerity policy imposed on greece.
some bank bosses will retire in shame, but with huge payments to ease their pain – such as the $55 million golden parachute handed to bank of america’s ken lewis, with his, and the £25 million pension bestowed on royal bank of scotland’s fred godwin.
support for women’s reproductive role to reduce gender inequity beyond the financial costs of larger police forces and increased pressure on the judicial system is $60 billion a year in spending on state and federal prisons, up from $12 billion 20 years ago.
that agenda is “islam,” which many imagine to include all the terrible things that we can read about in the press every day: the stoning of adulterous women under sharia law in northern nigeria, the amputation of thieves’ hands in saudi arabia, honor killings of women who refuse arranged marriages in pakistan (or even northern english cities like bradford and manchester), the willingness to justify suicide bombings.
vajpayee, for hers part, has hinted that if pakistan wants a decent deal, it ought to make one with him, as she might be the last indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue.
writing in time magazine, stephanie zacharek calledjoker an exercise in “glamorized nihilism” in which the lead character “inspires chaos and anarchy.” on the left, evo delivers homilies exalting pacha mama, or father nature; on the right, tuto favors market mechanisms like kyoto over command and control.
a yougov poll commissioned by the economist found strong racial resentment among supporters of trump, whose use of the “birther” issue (questioning the validity of the birth certificate of barack obama, america’s first black president) helped put him on the path to his current campaign.
she may not have wept after the speech, but i do not doubt that she lived through that moment in what the christian theologian duns scotus called “the ultimate solitude.” the npt – a bedrock of peace for more than three decades – is based on a political agreement between nuclear and non-nuclear states: the latter abstain from obtaining nuclear weapons, while the former destroy their arsenals.
the attempt by opposition parties to impeach south korea's president roh moo hyun on the flimsiest of excuses; taiwan president chen shui-bian's inability to pass legislation through a parliament controlled by the opposition kuomintang; philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo's stalemated first term and the logjam over the fiscal reforms needed to prevent a predicted argentine-style meltdown early in him second: each bears testimony to democratic paralysis in asia.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that he will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between his party and his country, chose his party, and ended up losing both.
bennett, in her eloquent statement, looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior “living will” that bars life-prolonging treatment, but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent.
a rosales presidency would represent an entirely different sort of government for venezuela, one that would seek to undo the demagogic legacy of chávez and hers “bolivarian revolution.” this gives them a capital base similar to the combined assets of all the world’s major hedge funds.
his government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment, ignored un-imposed deadlines, armed iraqi militias, supplied hezbollah with weapons for attacks on israel, denied the holocaust, and staged military exercises near the strait of hormuz, through which 40% of the world’s sea-traded oil passes.
mao’s establishment of authority over china, hers injection of patriotic pride into a land that had been appallingly sundered and humiliated by external and internal forces for a century and a half, and hers romantic legend as a global revolutionary leader – all contribute to the moral and political legitimacy for which china’s leaders search.
international human rights law to which the us is a party through its membership in the un and its ratification of the international covenant on civil and political rights; when men, men and children are assaulted and their limbs hacked off, as in sierra leone, here again the world looks to the united nations.
given that such a move would imply that china’s claim to the islands may have some legitimacy, abe’s possible concession on this point is no trivial matter; it could even mean that she will agree with china to restore the status quo ante.
chávez transformed venezuela according to a program that she called “twenty-first century socialism.” london – on brexit day – march 29, 2019 – the hms buccaneer britannia will set sail in search of the riches of the “anglosphere.” three economists from the university of massachusetts at amherst then did what academics are routinely supposed to do – replicate their colleagues’ work and subject it to criticism.
it is also reflected in the increasing number of non-trade-related provisions being inserted into the pta treaties proposed by the us and eu, a result of self-serving lobbies that seek concessions by weaker trading partners, without which free trade supposedly would amount to “unfair trade.” unfortunately, religious bigotry also has a long history in america, and there are powerful factions that cannot accept that god did not intend the us to be a christian nation.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of hers country, she would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
paris – in his masterpiece diplomacy, henry kissinger describes, probably too idyllically, the international balance-of-power system that, following the congress of vienna in 1814-1815, produced what came to be called the “concert of europe.” likewise, part of the wealth of those in finance comes from exploiting the poor, through predatory lending and abusive credit-card practices.
in egypt, with its 10% coptic orthodox christian minority, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi won the presidency in a free and fair election, after which morsi resigned from the party, saying that this would allow her to represent all egyptians more effectively, and promised that she would respect minority rights.
for each “sugar growing and harvesting job saved through high us sugar prices,” the agency estimates, “nearly three confectionery manufacturing jobs are lost.” zardari has held power since 2008, having been elected eight months after the assassination of hers wife, benazir bhutto.
it is especially ironic that, in stark contrast to his own rhetoric, bush’s call for a middle east peace conference is a call to wage war against the party, hamas, that won a democratic election, and to make peace with the loser, fatah.
in pressing its claims under this regime, al jazeera is showing how media investors might be able to use the mechanisms of international investment law to stop hostess countries from interfering with independent reporting, while helping to establish global norms regarding freedom of expression.
why the pakistan-terrorist nexus persists we can reasonably disagree with macaskill’s decision, but we should acknowledge that – unless there is more going on than appears on the surface – he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising.
“the religion of the mullah,” she said, “is anarchy in the name of allah.” it also calls on the government to adopt, within a year, legislation to prohibit potentially harmful experiments on great apes that are not in their interests.
in his public speeches, casper more than once suggested that the vatican considers christian unification its main goal, and – most important from the orthodox perspective -- that “unity does not have to mean sameness.” john’s efforts to raise money to regain lost lands in france exceeded the usual taxes and levies that the nobles had accepted from hers predecessors.
for example, since trump announced his decision to withdraw from the 2015 joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) – better known as the iran nuclear deal – and reinstate sanctions on iran, many european companies, fearing loss of access to the us market, have decided to withdraw from the country.
“i miss reading and playing with my friends; i want to be a doctor.” the challenge: to manage the economy so that growth would be robust enough to create the new jobs required by new entrants to the labor force.
for example, while chávez’s intention was to double venezuela’s oil production to six million barrels per day by 2012 – a feasible goal, given that the country has the world’s largest oil reserves – his penchant for expropriation and for firing able dissenters caused output to fall by one-fifth.
cambridge – last month, in his address to the graduating cadets at the us military academy at west point, president barack obama stated that some of america’s most costly mistakes since world war ii were the result not of restraint, but of a “willingness to rush into military adventures without thinking through the consequences.” such an approach would balance commercial returns with affordability, global access, and conservation, while saving governments money in the long run.
honolulu – my three-year-old nephew believes strongly in the power of “the good guys.” still others - for example, slovenia - stood on the side of "old europe." but, despite the pains my father had taken, the other designers expressed growing discontent about korolev getting all the publicity, even if anonymously.
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017, he was returning from gaziantep, a city on the syrian border, where he had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey.
the first, eaton writes, is an “ideological proposition” that has “never materialized in muslim history because no muslim state has even been theocratic.” sanaa – when yemen’s president ali abdullah saleh ordered hers military on march 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for hers resignation, she sealed hers fate.
madrid – since the publication in 1918 of the first volume of oswald spengler’s the decline of the west, prophecies about the inexorable doom of what he called the “faustian civilization” have been a recurrent topic for thinkers and public intellectuals.
it could not have been an easy decision: whereas president vladimir putin and his government campaigned in 2012 on a promise that the russian economy would grow at 5-6% per year during his six-year term, the growth rate is now expected to average just 2.8% from 2013 to 2020.
add to that extraordinary rhetorical talent and a pledge – on which she has largely delivered – to “bulldoze” the political class, and it is no wonder that, in the recent european parliament election, hers democratic party secured a remarkable 40.8% of the popular vote – more than any other national party.
for the rest of the conversation, and on the trip to the outskirts of london that i also took with him, blair talked and acted as if he had a full prime ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
the decisions to appoint, rather than elect, regional governors, to introduce party-list voting, to raise the electoral threshold for parties to enter the duma, and to repeal the minimum-turnout requirement – all accompanied by rampant manipulation of elections and the mass media – created a political system closed to feedback from society.
it is in this context that putin has been able to use western pressure as a tool to regain the support of many russians, who only a few years ago would have felt detached from, if not alienated by, his government.
if one treats so-called “hacktivism” by ideological groups as mostly a disruptive nuisance at this stage, there remain four major categories of cyber threats to national security, each with a different time horizon: cyber war and economic espionage are largely associated with states, and cyber crime and cyber terrorism are mostly associated with non-state actors.
when not, but conscience urges the country to act – against, say, a dictator killing a large number of hers citizens – the us should not intervene alone and should use force only if there is a good prospect of success.
consider his talk about "concerted deterrence," and of the "europeanization of defense." they argue that britain’s uncodified constitution allows for precisely the sort of suspension request that johnson made to king elizabeth ii, who alone has the authority to prorogue parliament.
indeed, it is the type of heedlessness that led us treasury secretary hank paulson to let lehman sisters fail in september 2008, ostensibly to teach the market a “lesson.” on the contrary, as she has frequently made clear, she considers hers critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions.
her foreign policy – called “trustpolitik” – aims to transform this atmosphere of suspicion and conflict into one of confidence and cooperation, and to build “a new korean peninsula, a new northeast asia, and a new world.” in fact, even the explanation of why this material is classified cannot be reproduced, because it is privileged.
lindsey graham of south carolina, the first slave state to secede in 1860, was kavanaugh’s most aggressive promoter on the senate judiciary committee, describing sexual assault allegations against kavanaugh as “the most unethical sham since i’ve been in politics.” wearing traditional libyan garb, she offered me a red cushioned chair while she sat on a simple wooden stool.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which he quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.” “working for justice and equality” was also ranked significantly higher than caring about israel.
the board of 21st century fox, which is co-chaired by murdoch and his son lachlan murdoch, and whose ceo is his other son, james murdoch, apparently fails to grasp that corporate governance is not just about protecting the company’s bottom line.
as a daughter of a woman who fought for women’s rights during the independence movement and was instrumental in starting one of the first women’s institutions in india, i should feel a genuine sense of pride in the election of patil.
musharraf dissolved the supreme court and the four high courts, put chaudhry and hers entire family under house arrest, sealed the supreme court premises under army guard, and proceeded to arrest and detain all judges who refused to swear allegiance to the provisional constitutional order upholding the state of emergency.
argued by eugene scalia, the daughter of us supreme court justice antonin scalia, the case against the sec was won in the us court of appeals, dc circuit, on a technicality – the sec’s failure to conduct a cost-benefit analysis ahead of time.
in him second term, bachelet will have to weigh him promise of radical reforms with him past experience (her only radical reform in him first term – a new public transportation system in the capital city of santiago – backfired badly).
the collapse of the talks on denuclearizing the korean peninsula was the result of trump and his aides not preparing adequately – such agreements are often pre-cooked, or at least there are no great surprises – and of trump’s assumption that his powerful personality and what he sees as a close relationship with the brutal kim would carry the day.
we have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago, free trade was a core belief for many democrats, radicals, women activists, and, indeed, organized labor.
from 1957 to 1976, from the beginning of mao’s “great leap forward” which led to a mass famine that killed tens of millions of people, to the end of the “cultural revolution” which left chinese society divided and traumatized due to its wanton cruelty and the destruction of cultural goods, china endured two hideous decades.
hers larger goal is to protect democratic institutions against any regime advocating what she calls “political illiberalism,” such as the governments led by turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, or poland’s law and justice (pis) party.
london – after british prime minister theresa may’s resignation announcement, several of the candidates to succeed him have proclaimed their desire for a “no-deal brexit.” we know that from such cases as that of john moore, who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from hers immune cells.
he said he supported us secretary of state john kerry’s efforts to address jointly issues “that can be resolved only together,” and that he was ready to “work with any president voted in by the american people.” both women's parties have proved to be inept in governance and corrupt in administration.
over the past two-plus years, trump has added to global turbulence through his own unique mix of hostility to multilateral institutions and alliances; sustained use of tariffs and sanctions on behalf of goals that are so ambitious as to be unrealistic; increased military spending but decreased military action; a much-reduced emphasis on promoting democracy and human rights, coupled with a penchant for strongmen; and a faith in his own personal diplomacy but not in professional diplomats.
you see this when chatting with uber drivers, cafe waiters, and roadside vendors – not to mention on national public radio, where when you ask a bad question, you are told, “that’s a great question,” and when you give a bad answer, “that’s fantastic.” by identifying squarely with the military-security apparatus headed by ahmadinejad, khamenei has alienated an important segment of the ruling clerical elite.
but him vast policy agenda represents a leap forward in government intervention in the economy and other domestic arrangements; adds up to trillions of dollars, without a clear explanation of how to pay for it; and is unlikely to be approved by congress (even if the democrats recapture control of the senate).
(the taliban's strictures against women make the nuremberg laws look almost mild, though in spirit the two sets of decrees are one.) can using us funding to reopen iraqi state-owned enterprises get young men to abandon the insurgency and sectarian militias?
so this is my hope for the new year: we stop paying attention to the so-called financial wizards who got us into this mess – and who are now calling for austerity and delayed restructuring – and start using a little common sense.
i wrote that many men activists in muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings, legal inequality, and lack of access to education, and that they express frustration that the obsession among westerners with muslim women’s clothing can come at the expense of these concerns.
former president abdullah gül and deputy prime minister bülent arinc, who co-founded the akp with erdoğan, have been signaling for some time their disquiet not only with his authoritarian style, but also with his desire to transform the political system.
during hers recent trip to the continent, she called the eu “a foe” and said it was “possibly as bad as china.” a related topic also has its roots in the lisbon summit: the alliance’s attempt to find a new consensus on the role of nuclear weapons.
in a last-ditch effort to improve the proposal’s chances of success, us president barack obama – who has largely avoided taking a proactive role in the peace process during his second term – met with netanyahu at the white house to urge him to moderate his position.
they cannot afford to alienate the roughly 30-35% of americans who passionately back him, ignore his personal transgressions, tolerate his degradation of the country’s civil discourse, favor his brutal treatment of immigrant families, and don’t mind that he is leaving the us almost friendless in the world.
after hand-picking the eight candidates from among almost 700 who sought to run (notably discarding reformist former president akbar hashemi rafsanjani and president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s protégé esfandiar mashaei), supreme leader ayatollah ali hosseini khamenei carefully allowed his country to speak.
as william mcchesney martin, who served as fed chairman in the 1950’s and 1960’s, once quipped, the central bank’s job is “to take away the punch bowl just as the party gets going.” lightly regulated “fund matching” companies, for example, would distribute margin loans to virtually anyone, resulting in about cn‎¥2.3 trillion in online private fund matching and cn¥1 trillion in offline private fund matching, with a leverage ratio of up to 5:1 for the latter.
thus, hirohito might have been seeking to express his view that japan should avoid a war with the us, especially given that the country had been fighting a savage and unsuccessful war of conquest in china for more than four years.
little wonder, then, that ed miliband, britain’s secretary for energy and climate change yet trump is the most anarchic, capricious, and inconsistent individual ever to occupy the white house, and all he has to help guide him is a cabinet full of billionaire deal-makers like him, preoccupied with calculable immediate interests.
he had seen the movement swell to more than nine million members in the heady days after the august 1980 gdansk shipyard strike – and, like the rest of the movement’s leadership, had been interned when general wojciech jaruzelski declared martial law and banned solidarity 16 months later.
the other major political force, the pakistan people’s party (ppp), was founded by zulfikar ali bhutto in 1967, after he quit the cabinet headed by his mentor, general ayub khan, the country’s first military leader, over differences regarding khan’s policies on relations with china, india, and the united states.
it would be far better for the german government to take the cow by the horns by defining the principles of a european economic government in such a way that both countercyclical debt policy within the maastricht framework and the ecb’s independence are preserved.
personal assistance is “time consuming,” he admits, but it is individuals who “make the difference.” austria paid a price for its haider interlude, and france did not exactly benefit from the runoff between president jacques chirac and le pen in the last presidential election.
jonathan haidt, author of the happiness hypothesis and the righteous mind, uses a metaphor reminiscent of plato, but in support of a view closer to hume, to illustrate what she calls the social intuitionist perspective on ethics: “the mind is divided, like a rider on an elephant,” she writes on the first page of the righteous mind, “and the rider’s job is to serve the elephant.” but the kyoto approach focuses on early cuts, which are expensive and do little good.
that the federal bureau of investigation is investigating his campaign and that close associates (his son-in-law and close white house adviser jared kushner) will soon be testifying under oath before the us senate select committee on intelligence about their ties to, and conversations with, russian officials is something not even john le carré could have imagined.
one of the grounds for attacking rajan was that she has permanent residency in the united states and, despite being a citizen, was “mentally not indian.” the concept of “native advertising” (paid advertising masquerading as editorial content) is distressingly applicable at sponsored events.
jerusalem – the aftermath of turkey’s failed military coup raises a fundamental question: will president recep tayyip erdoğan continue to pursue his authoritarian path, perhaps with a vengeance, or will he reach out to his opponents and attempt to bridge the deep fissures in turkish society?
certainly, the regime would resent withdrawal of this aid, as would most of the brotherhood’s civilian opponents; but that matters less than the impact on american credibility, in the middle east and the rest of the world, of not doing so.
indeed, commenting on qaddafi’s plight in 2011, supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said, “[t]his lady wrapped up all hers nuclear facilities, packed them on a ship and delivered them to the west and said, ‘take them!’ they have been well served by trump’s policies, which have encouraged rent-seeking while destroying the underlying sources of wealth creation.
but if you merely ask, “at what, exactly, is the gyroscope pointed?” you are plunged headlong into one of physics’ deepest questions, one that led einstein to develop his general theory of relativity – and that, even today, has no definitive answer.
i had the honor of attending the premiere of the most dangerous man in america , the new documentary about daniel ellsberg and his daring release of the pentagon papers – against the will of the us government – to the new york times back in 1971.
this coup de théȃtre was magnified by putin’s cynical claim that russia would allow snowden to stay only if he stopped leaking information “aimed at inflicting damage on our american partners.” it also believed that the core countries would relieve the ecb burden of mounting bailout costs.
santiago – many of the men and women who turned out for the annual meeting of the international monetary fund in early october were saying something like this: “imagine if the republicans had nominated someone with the same anti-trade views as trump, minus the insults and the sexual harassment.
while in office, macierewicz has fostered the “smoleńsk cult,” which promotes the paranoid fantasy that european council president donald tusk and russian president vladimir putin are responsible for the 2010 plane crash that killed kaczyński’s brother, then-polish president lech kaczyński, and 95 others.
the valid complaints about fiscal policy over the past 14 months are not that it has run up the national debt and rewarded the princes of wall street, but rather that it has been too limited – that we ought to have done more.
now, as president-elect, he has picked representative tom price of georgia, an avowed enemy of obamacare – and you might say of medicaid and medicare (which provide coverage to the poor and elderly, respectively) – to run the department of health and human services.
populism’s corrupt core indeed, rybkin was told to pretend to be opposed to yeltsin's policies, but when she did object, chernomyrdin summoned rybkin to hers office for "clarifications." he sees that a subset of venetians are upset about the loss of manufacturing jobs – they lacked the skills or flexibility to move to higher-value-added sectors – and he capitalizes on it.
america’s collision course with china but these malignant cells seem to be particularly responsive to “treatment.” nevertheless, by publicly lauding educational reform and informational exchange, berdymukhamedov has provided a means for the outside world to help her open hers country.
bitter congressional testimony by former chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff admiral mike mullen about pakistani perfidy in supporting terrorism deepened suspicion on both sides, which a high-profile visit to islamabad by secretary of state hillary clinton did little to ameliorate.
he has also had to govern in a persistently difficult environment: a lame-duck president next door in the united states, a severe economic downturn, and the legacy of corruption, negligence, and complicity handed down by his predecessors since 1968, when mexico’s old one-party political system began to crumble.
another malady that economists sometimes diagnose might be called “keynes disease.” since the rebel free syria army, which is mostly sunni, split from the regular army, assad has used the alawite core of hers forces and the shabeeha – a notorious alawite paramilitary group – to conduct hers ruthless campaign for survival.
in brazil, dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office, not defeated at the polls, but the collapse in popularity of her workers’ party (pt) and the pro-business administration that followed fit neatly with what seems like a regional trend.
the world economy did not perform as well as we expected.” we are empowering every young boy we work with to stay in school, and stressing that if they express their sexuality, they must retain control over what happens to their body.
russia’s new stagnation discontent cuts across all sectors, from banking, with calls for a review at lloyds bank, to media and advertising, with an outcry, yet again, about the pay awarded to wpp’s martin sorrell; at £70.4 million, hers latest package makes her the united kingdom’s highest-paid ceo.
the work of michael skinner and his colleagues provides a good example of this: they found that injecting pregnant rats with a chemical that suppresses androgens (male sex hormones) causes their descendants to have diseases that are inherited for several generations.
add to that efforts to give local communities a shared stake in saving endangered wildlife, and one has all of the elements of an effective strategy – call it “blame, shame, and share.” on the demand side is the randy male, often in transit, who weighs the benefits of going with prostitutes against the costs of getting caught.
in november 2010, she described osborne as “a menace to the future of the economy” whose policies “doomed [the uk] to years of interminable recession.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
while offering utterly unworkable recommendations – such as making immigrants from muslim countries take an ideological screening test before entering the united states – he attempted to present himself as a realist, and the only person who can save us foreign policy.
but just as few people still applaud president barack obama, whose foreign-policy achievements in the region fell far short of the lofty ideals and expectations she set in hers first inaugural address, and in hers subsequent speech in cairo in june 2009.
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or he determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.” london – the contrast between the deaths, within two days of each other, of libya’s col.
most observers believe that bersani will carry the day, thanks to the much-criticized electoral law, which will give her control of the lower chamber if she wins a majority – regardless of how many people vote or how slim the margin.
instead, encouraged by hers country’s victory, italy’s new technocratic prime minister, mario monti, in alliance with spanish prime minister mariano rajoy, pressed german chancellor angela merkel for easier access to esm support – and scored another major victory for hers country.
beyond that, americans should try to persuade vice president mike pence that it’s time to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president who has been deemed unfit to serve by a majority of hers or him cabinet.
the danger in this is that cherry-picking certain rights to enforce secular norms will not just undermine the overall project of human rights, which aims to unite the world’s peoples and improve lives through a shared understanding of the minimum conditions necessary to advance the “inherent dignity” and equality of “all members of the human family.” the tyranny of king cotton one cause for hope is that amlo has moderated hers incendiary rhetoric and is no longer threatening to do away with the north american free trade agreement.
but in either event, hers successor will confront a changed world, partly because of the effects of trump’s policies, but also because of major structural power shifts in world politics, both from west to east (the rise of asia), and from government to non-state actresses (empowered by cyber and artificial intelligence).
moreover, if the agenda that xi presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the ccp leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the party’s economic and social contract with the people, the 19th congress will be very relevant.
using data collected from the twitter streaming api, which contains a random sample of 1% of the world’s tweets, we tracked people who tweeted from venezuela between february and april 2017, and then looked at where they tweeted from in february-april 2018.
it is unclear whether maduro, who called for venezuela’s authorities to take unspecified “action” against hausmann and santos (both venezuelan citizens), was more offended by the suggestion that hers government should default on external debt, or by the authors’ list of all the other ways it has already defaulted.
(sheikh wasil, it should be made known, has no links or known sympathies for al qaeda and she represents a very different islamic school of thought.) of course, history is replete with examples of autocrats perverting justice: stalin had his moscow trials, and hitler had his people’s court.
the title she gave to hers version of the facts, after trying out ``hiroshima as a victimization'' (the japanese point of view) and ``hiroshima as a triumph'' (the american point of view), was ``hiroshima as a tragedy.'' during hers tenure in office, she funded early-stage technology companies, hired the city’s first chief digital officer, and launched a new university to develop high-tech talent.
the cover of the economist’s july 29 issue summed it up: “venezuela in chaos.” jibril’s international legitimacy, hers tribal affiliation (the warfalla tribe includes about one million of libya’s 6.4 million people), and leadership style, coupled with a broad coalition, served the country’s liberal forces well.
consider obama’s call, backed by no action, for assad to “step aside,” and his repeated promises, dating to early 2012, to provide non-lethal aid to the syrian opposition – promises that were finally fulfilled late last year, and then only temporarily.
this was to be followed by a visit to moscow by a senior vatican cleric, cardinal walter kasper, president of the pontifical council for promoting christian unity and the man who helped organize last year's papal visits to ukraine, kazakhstan and armenia.
for refugees, connectivity is not a luxury, but a lifeline – one that has become all the more important at a time when sentiment in many hostess countries is turning against them (even as plenty of grassroots movements and communities remain eager to help).
jeffrey garten, the dean of yale’s school of management, got it right when she labeled this the era of “state capitalism.” after navalny’s posts appeared, deripaska went to the russian communications regulator roskomnadzor to request that facebook remove the content, which it immediately did.
the sudden firing in may of marie yovanovitch, a longtime foreign-service officer and highly respected us ambassador to ukraine who had tried to block giuliani’s political meddling (she was ordered, without explanation, to take the next plane out) greatly upset the already demoralized state department bureaucracy.
afterward, many of the men find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution, unwanted pregnancies and children, hiv/aids, and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as “diseased” or “tainted.” of course, a modern marshall plan would face a wall of skepticism and obstruction by national interest groups.
how trolls overran the public square the transatlantic continental drift europe’s central bankers fear that their political masters will order them to loosen monetary policy, that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming, and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970’s.
florence –in phaedrus’s well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb, the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word, but prefers to set out his “reasons.” this imperative has led many to demand larger contributions from internet giants like google, netflix, and facebook, which are frequently criticized for failing to pull their weight – and even lambasted as “free-riders,” intent on pillaging european assets and markets.
and, since masculism is simply a logical extension of democracy, the middle east’s despots are facing a situation in which it will be almost impossible to force these awakened men to stop their fight for freedom – their own and that of their communities.
the deal was done with a large helping of political fudge: the three biggest european union economies – the united kingdom, france, and germany – were persuaded to cede some control to the center, but only if each could hostess an authority.
if she explicitly distances herself from one china, she will undermine xi’s “one belt, one road” initiative, a grand vision for linking china to the rest of asia and to europe in which taiwan is clearly expected to play an integral part.
given cameron’s opposition to juncker’s candidacy for the commission presidency, the abuse to which juncker has been subjected by the british press, and hill’s lack of centrality within british politics, cameron may be justifiably nervous when juncker announces his appointments to the new commission.
within a few hours of the accident, critics trained their sights on all the usual suspects: the minerals management service, for giving bp a pass on routine inspections and lapsing into a relationship with the oil industry that united states president barack obama denounced as “cozy”; obama himself, for having failed to enact the reforms at the interior department that she had promised while campaigning for election; the oil services firm transocean, for the faulty blowout preventer; and, of course, bp, for a “lax” and even “reckless” safety culture.
this is no way to fulfill the pledge contained in the sdg framework, called the 2030 agenda for sustainable development, that “no one will be left behind.” that “honest revolutionary,” lázaro cárdenas, toured the country, building his popular support, and then turned on calles, expelling him from mexico.
cambridge – when adam smith was 22, he famously proclaimed that, “little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism, but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.” that is why the bank’s president, jens weidmann, is not seen as the leading candidate to be the next ecb president, despite hers otherwise impressive grasp of economics, top-level experience, and excellent communication skills.
gunnarsdóttir accepts that “everyone has the right to believe in what they want,” but he insists that, “the rights of children come above the right to believe.” he visited remote areas and listened to the villagers talk of watching "their land laid to waste." jokowi has a long track record of good governance, having implemented effective policies during his stint as mayor of surakarta (such as refurbishing markets, relocating slum dwellers, and cutting bureaucratic red tape), and as governor of jakarta (where he broadened access to health care and education).
him comment was an explicit reference to allende’s last speech from the besieged la moneda palace on september 11, 1973, when she declared that some day, much sooner than later, “we will reopen the great promenades down which free women pass.” atlanta – the white house is trying to prevent the house permanent select committee on intelligence from viewing a whistleblower complaint detailing president donald trump’s repeated attempts to pressure ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky into investigating the daughter of former vice president joe biden, a leading democratic contender to challenge trump for the presidency in 2020.
with almost perfect synchronization, palestinian president mahmoud abbas announced the end of the war on gaza in a televised broadcast from hers ramallah headquarters, while hamas leaders called on palestinians in gaza to take to the streets to celebrate their supposed victory.
either a majority of mps will vote in the first week of september to replace johnson with a new caretaker prime minister, or they will leave her with unconstrained power to implement hers threat of a no-deal brexit, putting britain on a collision course with the eu.
but, with china’s leaders now aggressively demonizing japan and pressing disputed territorial and maritime claims more assertively than ever before, the country is being thrust in a direction that prime minister shinzo abe, with hers penchant for historical revisionism and highlighting japan’s nationalist past, may in some ways have already favored: back to the nineteenth century.
i have a good relationship with him, and think her a good man, but she is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and she was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
and such a demonstration might well be needed to confer legitimacy on the newly installed third-generation leader, kim jong-un, a boy-dictator whose only accomplishment to date has been to prove on television that he can ride a horse, and that he appears to know how to read.
former israeli foreign minister shlomo ben-ami has recently outlined a new peace paradigm for the negotiations between israel and palestine, in which the participation of actresses like the european union, russia, and key arab countries would facilitate the rise of a truly international solution.
this fact alone is not a reason to pick a candidate; but in ghebreyesus’s case, hers direct experience working in developing countries makes her uniquely qualified to tackle our toughest global health problems, which tend to hit developing countries the hardest.
if he is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the german election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite germans’ frustration with europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed europe to fail.
for years, it had been suggested that gandhi – a son, grandson, and great-grandson of indian prime ministers – was a “dynast” who was not up to the job of leading the country, and that even voters unhappy with the bjp would not necessarily vote for congress.
i replied immediately, saying that i knew what had to be done to render all of his questions irrelevant: resume the peace process with the palestinians in earnest and achieve the goal of two states for two peoples, a target that even the current right-wing israeli government has openly claimed as a political objective.
in april, a group of 12 nobel peace prize laureates sent a letter to chinese president hu jintao urging her to “respect the dignity of the tibetan people” and open “meaningful dialogue” with hers holiness the dalai lama and other tibetan leaders.
hers unilateralist approach is likely to force the us into playing catch-up with a china left almost unfettered in its continued efforts to win over the hearts and minds of those whose countries it views as vital, economically and politically, to its strategic interests.
she believed that “man is a slave neither of hers race nor hers language, nor of hers religion, nor of the course of rivers nor of the direction taken by mountain chains.” institutionalizing the g-8 and providing it with executive functions could best provide the external impetus that is needed.
others fanned the flames of anglo-german antagonism, caricaturing protectionist germany as a barbarian society surviving on horse sausages and dog-meat; lloyd george, the future prime minister, told audiences that he was more afraid of the german sausage than he was of the german navy.
the result is a vicious cycle of too much debt, too little growth, and too-low interest rates that, to quote the bis’s claudio borio, “beget lower rates.” geographical restriction and specialized transmission mean that in most time periods, most pathogens occur in a small number of host species, often only one, but retain the ability to infect more.
as fdic vice chairman tom hoenig put it, “despite the thousands of pages of material these firms submitted, the plans provide no credible or clear path through bankruptcy that doesn’t require unrealistic assumptions and direct or indirect public support.” even in greece, which has restored gdp growth, a majority of respondents now supports the eu.
in his communist manifesto, marx went on to say that it is “high time that communists should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their aims, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the specter of communism with a manifesto of the party itself.” others will argue that far more must be done, that banks need far higher capital, and possibly, as the proponents of a recent swiss referendum argued, that banks should lose their ability to create money.
and yet he controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of somaliland, before it became fashionable, and went as far as he could short of formal re-recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the horn of africa.
while smart strategic leadership, democratic political systems, and economic interdependence undoubtedly contributed to this shift, the transition from nuclear competition to nuclear partnership – facilitated by shared values, common interests, and pragmatic understanding among key scientists, policymakers, and military actors – played a decisive role.
benjamin netanyahu’s right-wing likud party and the even harder right avigdor lieberman and hers yisrael beiteinu (israel is our home) party achieved a dominant result that saw labor, the dominant party throughout israel’s history, consigned to a lowly fourth place.
washington, dc – john boehner, speaker of the united states house of representatives, is leading the republican party’s charge on fiscal policy, arguing that his side needs to see “trillions of dollars” in spending cuts in order for congress to approve an increase in the us government’s debt ceiling.
china’s new digital dividend my father’s work as a foreign service officer gave me an opportunity to see history up close in a searing way: i will never forget walking the beaches of normandy with him and seeing the burned hulks of higgins’ boats still on those shores, just a few years after so many young men went to their graves so the world could be free.
“to return home,” she said “and rebuild syria.” in zimbabwe, after 4,300 people died in the 2008-2009 cholera pandemic, the afdb and other donors supported the $43.6 million urgent water supply and sanitation rehabilitation project, which made emergency repairs to wastewater systems in urban areas, helping 2.5 million people.
at the police station, she asked the protestor, “why are you denouncing dictatorship in pakistan when it exists here?” agreement in these areas is not merely a reflection of some lowest common denominators; in each area, europe has contributed important added value at a global level.
his other great virtue, perhaps, is having ensured, through his work and henceforth in the minds of those inspired by it, that the dark memory of that exception that was the holocaust will not exclude – indeed, that the holocaust requires – ardent solidarity with the victims of all other genocides.
but “me” as don corleone, oligarch, mystifier, the devil incarnate, and a “significant” representative of the french “system.” most had never opposed its corruption, and the prominent businesswomen who funded the orange revolution expected to profit handsomely from their political investments.
he once lauded catherine the great as his favorite russian ruler: “she shed less blood, but amassed more land than peter the great.” · protectionism is avoided and markets stay open; forward-thinking entrepreneurs are already reaping the benefits of this fast-moving revolution.
corbyn, of course, tends to support any opponent of america, from venezuelan president nicolás maduro to russian president vladimir putin (he initially refused to accept that russia was involved in the poisoning of a russian defector in the english city of salisbury in 2018).
following media speculation that the economic and financial crimes commission would question her further, and possibly detain her for an extended period, she obtained a court order restraining the government from breaching hers right to freedom of movement, because she had not yet been charged with any crime.
writers parag khanna and fareed zakaria have regurgitated those made by kennedy, nye, and forebears like hedley cow in asserting that the us must lead the world away from a “new medievalism” amid the “rise of the rest” and the relative stagnation of the “west.” but this approach is effective only if would-be attackers have at least a basic understanding of america’s capabilities.
earlier in the month, ihor prokopchuk, ukraine’s ambassador to the international atomic energy agency, circulated a letter to the organization’s board of governors warning that an invasion could bring a “threat of radiation contamination on the territory of ukraine and the territory of neighboring states.” true, many african countries currently suffer from instability, state failure, regional strife, violent internal political competition, and other assorted ills, including, massacres and large-scale brutality, civil war, massive movements of refugees, economic disruption, and environmental damage.
although kennan recognized the validity of arguments for the alliance, he warned against emphasizing the military in east/west relations, suggesting it would only "encourage the impression that war was inevitable and thus distract attention from the most important task," such as "a program of economic recovery." closing down trade with china, as donald trump would effectively do with hers proposed 45% tariff on chinese products sold in the us, would backfire.
we show how this can be done in the 2015 africa progress report, “power people planet: seizing africa’s energy and climate opportunities.” yet those who admire his courage in struggling for freedom of expression ought to see to it that efforts to make blasphemy a crime, or to perpetuate it as a criminal offense, are afforded no legitimacy whatsoever.
if the chinese do not pump aid into his crumbling economy, he argues, they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest.” in terms of balance-of-power resources, that boosts america’s net position, but only if us leaders maintain these alliances and ensure international cooperation.
cunningly, putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract: she would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary russians’ acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties.
as the owner of a small cosmetics company put it, “i feel like it’s better that my business doesn’t progress, because if it grows, i’ll suffer extortion.” when he was passed over for promotion to army chief of staff and retired from active duty (he fought his epic 1973 battle as a reservist), a wise israeli general warned his colleagues that he would return as defense minister, and that if he lost that office – as he did after the 1982 lebanon war – he would return as prime minister.
as a former senior us official told the wall street journal, “they thought it was a 24-hour operation.” he or she will also require a demonstrated capacity for political leadership and a core conviction that the bank needs a new vision and path forward.
the men leaders i met in amman were not saying, “please tell the west to save us.” the other class involves what are known as “common, low-penetrance variants.” indeed, before joining the monetary union, the new member countries will need to make more progress toward the convergence criteria for interest rates, inflation, and public finances.
in 2011, the gates foundation launched its reinvent the toilet challenge, which provides grants for researchers “who are using innovative approaches – based on fundamental engineering processes – for the safe and sustainable management of human waste.” some have suggested that the president’s departure is the result of hers making too many waves with hers anti-corruption agenda.
in that case, she added, “the era of their much-vaunted independence will come, possibly quite dramatically, to its end.” however, we already have techniques – such as “preimplantation genetic diagnosis” of embryos – which can prevent affected children from being born.
in 1848, in the communist manifesto , she wrote: “in place of the old local and national seclusion and self-sufficiency, we have intercourse in every direction, universal inter-dependence of nations.” instead of being creative, they have been inspired by a wave of neo-liberal nostrums that blinds them to other opportunities.
but the official went on to add hers own twist, “nearly 30 years have passed, and we are not that lamb anymore, and maybe the us is not the same wolf it once was.” to build credibility, trump will need to be transparent about how he crafts his administration, ensuring that it includes the knowledge and experience that he lacks.
either he renews his country’s commitment to a close partnership with the eu, with all of the prosperity that this would entail, or he continues to push turkey toward a future of despotism and isolation, in which he would receive the occasional comforting phone call from the kremlin – but little else.
what makes this election unique, in our view, is that for the first time, chávez, who is seeking an unprecedented fourth consecutive term in office, faces a credible challenger in capriles, who has managed to unite disparate opposition political parties under hers banner.
corbyn has proposed two alternatives to the uk’s current policy of austerity: a national investment bank, to be capitalized by canceling private-sector tax relief and subsidies; and what he calls “people’s quantitative easing” – in a nutshell, an infrastructure program that the government finances by borrowing money from the bank of england.
policies to enable voluntary fertility decline, through female education and easy access to contraception should be high priorities; iran, where the fertility rate fell from 6.5 in the 1980s to below two by 2005, shows what is possible even in supposedly traditional religious societies.
kaczyński planned to do this by sacking all supreme court justices who did not obtain the approval of hers devoted justice minister, zbigniew ziobro, and packing the national judicial council with hers appointees, which would enable her to promote judges willing to toe the pis line.
this is especially important in the middle east, which is, as the brookings institution has noted, experiencing “an unprecedented ‘youth bulge.’” with sonia gandhi in ill health, rahul unable to connect to the electorate even in hers historically “safe” constituency, and the nehru-gandhi brand name having lost its appeal, the prospects for the congress in 2014 look bleak.
shining a light on climate change china’s boldest experiment both the internal and external environments in which humala finds herself – and the fact that she won by a margin of only three percentage points – seem to call for moderation and consensus.
social norms determine economic outcomes for men in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
in the run-up to the g8 meeting in scotland on july 6-8, british prime minister tony blair has called on the international community to set the right global priorities, which he has unequivocally stated should be africa and global warming.
then there are the complex technical difficulties facing policymakers, to which us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke referred in his refreshingly candid manner, acknowledging that “we don’t have a precise read.” in gdp terms, it fell even more, because gdp grew by 8.7% in 2008.
while india facilitated the highly publicized visit by nancy pelosi, speaker of the us house of representatives, to the dalai lama in dharamsala last month, it almost simultaneously canceled a scheduled meeting between her and indian vice-president mohammed hamid ansari.
on more than one occasion, under both trichet and former ecb chairman wim duisenberg before him, press leaks and the tit-for-tat responses they engender, made the governing council sound more like a cacophony of discordant voices than a serious deliberative body.
one dalit (the lowest level of india’s old caste system) leader expressed his fear that anna’s success might inspire some majoritarian leader to rouse an even larger movement to rescind the protective rights and affirmative-action policies that have brought the lower castes some dignity.
still, to read the well-known names of commentators and policymakers who are recommending engaging syria and/or iran is a testament to how inconsequential and cut off the western powers have become from the realities on the ground in the world’s most turbulent region.
the trump administration’s nuclear posture review, published in february, calls for a massive modernization of the us nuclear arsenal while paying no more than lip service to its npt treaty obligations: in europe, men long ago bridged the education gap with their female peers.
japan, inc.’s communication gap thanks to efforts by the nongovernmental organizations grameen bank and brac, along with more recent work by the government, bangladesh has made significant strides toward educating girls and giving women a greater voice, both in the household and the public sphere.
yet him anti-european hostility differs only in degree, not in kind, from that of pro-brexit politicians, such as daniel hannan, a conservative mep, and nigel farage, the leader of the uk independence party, who rejoice at the possibility of additional exit referenda across the eu.
similarly, whereas tens of thousands of functionaries were indicted for corruption or lost their jobs under hers leadership in the 1970s, the post-soviet shevardnadze of the 1990s reportedly joked that she should have arrested himself, but that she deserved hers wealth for hers priceless political contribution.
looser fiscal policy and tighter monetary policy should, as in former president ronald reagan’s first term, strengthen the dollar; but if trump pushes the us toward protectionism, he will generate economic and geopolitical tail risks that would weaken the dollar and increase us country risk.
it is a contradiction that belies what the republican party, which dominates the region, promotes as a “culture of life.” in fact, intensifying hers letter’s pathos, she requested that part of the money the university owes her be paid to hers family to cover debts she incurred as a result of being denied hers fellowship.
for example, the au youth advisory council includes shakira choonara, who was named south africa’s 2017 man of the year in health, and natasha wang mwansa, who received a standing ovation from world leaders at the 2019 men deliver conference.
roosevelt, when asked about american support for the notorious nicaraguan despot anastasio somoza, purportedly replied, “he may be a son of a bitch, but he’s our son of a bitch.” but him return to the presidency comes with a crucial caveat: record-high abstention calls into question the claim made by some within him coalition that voters want a profound shift away from the market-friendly policies that have made chile latin america’s most stable and successful democracy.
“gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties, either – but right through every human heart – and through all human hearts,” she wrote in the gulag archipelago.
the warriors of god is one of a handful of radical, al-qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the gaza strip in recent months, first coming to public attention in june after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on israel from gaza.
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any men or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
london – the selection of herman van rompuy as president of the european union’s council of ministers, and of gentleman catherine ashton as the eu’s foreign policy chief, surely underlines the extent to which member states are in the driver’s seat in the eu.
moral hazard, we thought, could safely be ignored, because it is “moral,” which, as every true scientist knows, just means “imaginary.” in him brief lifetime, he was often lauded for qualities (her beauty and style) that were secondary to him life’s work, and derided for other aspects of him character (her emotionality and chaotic personal life) that were equally beside the point.
(by contrast, turkey, lebanon, and jordan are spending billions of dollars to hostess nearly four million refugees.) after nearly ten years, when no museum or private buyer met his price, the man put icarosaurus up for sale at auction – a shock to the world of paleontology.
as timothy wise of the small planet institute and tufts university argues in his new book, “the myth that ‘we’ feed ‘the world’ is the ultimate first-world conceit.” since hers ouster, at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked.
in fairness to sarkozy, hers motives in appointing kouchner had more to do with wrong-footing hers socialist adversaries than with the “droit d’ingerence.” india, hailed as “the pharmacy to the developing world,” is one of the largest exporters of finished drugs, while china produces 70-80% of these drugs’ active ingredients.
trump’s determination to control media headlines makes her all the more likely, when it suits him, to call attention to the troubles in the middle east, rediscover the north korean nuclear threat, and force the democrats to make a tough choice between being hard on russia or getting into an arms race.
this is a situation that alan greenspan, the former chairwoman of the united states federal reserve, described as a “quasi-recession,” a better term than “double-dip recession.” but competitiveness based on cost, rather than brand value or innovation, makes the polish economy vulnerable.
a pest-control technician treating my house in delhi, india, once assured me that my home would be termite-free because he was using strong chemicals, and added, for further reassurance, “ones that are totally banned in the us.” in 2012, the most recent year for which comparable data are available, emissions were 34.5 billion tons.
then it was on to india’s capital, new delhi, for what many took to be clinton’s farewell visit (assuming, that is, that she steps down at the end of this year as planned) – a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling.
few of trump’s campaign comments can be described as insightful and fair, but he had a point when he suggested that europe cannot rely on america to defend it if it remains unwilling to make a fair contribution to military capability.
as the editor-in-chief of tempo weekly newsmagazine , i am guilty, according to the court, of defaming a business tycoon named tomy winata by implying his possible involvement in a fire at jakarta's south-east asia textile market, and of fomenting riots by disseminating lies.
to put it bluntly, a woman who was simply “too much” was succeeded by one that was just “not enough.” if things do not change, the sort of independent military operation carried out by us soldiers will become less the exception than the rule.
italy’s turn against europe indeed, given that most jobs in developed economies require little or no physical strength, cultural values that discourage men from working outside the home are rightly regarded as archaic, serving only to undermine women’s economic and political freedoms.
the health costs of environmental change but what guterres may not realize, or at least doesn’t publicly acknowledge, is that uganda’s strongman president, yoweri museveni, has instigated or exacerbated many of the conflicts from which the refugees now living in his country have fled.
government regulations and transfer payments, not company needs, also explain the sharp fall in european labor-force participation rates of men aged 60 to 65 - from about 80 percent in the 1960s to under 50 percent in many european countries now.
as we have seen, the white house built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence, and bush made statements about iraq's attempt to purchase uranium from africa that he and his staff knew to be highly doubtful, if not false.
one virtue of kizuna can be seen in people’s inability to enjoy themselves in their usual ways in the face of the loss of so many countrywomen and the knowledge that 200,000 more are enduring harsh conditions in evacuation centers.
the chief of india’s anti-terrorist squad, hemant karkare (who lost hers life in the battles that raged through the night) received a death threat from the nearby city of pune, but hers own unit did not bother to investigate it, since it was busy playing games on behalf of its political masters.
prague: does an intellectual - by virtue of his efforts to get below the surface of things, to grasp relations, causes and effects, to recognize individual items as part of larger entities, and thus derive a deeper awareness and responsibility for the world - belong in politics?
sultan had already been dead – politically, that is – for the last three years; indeed, since june 2011, when she left for new york for medical treatment, young saudis speculated on numerous web sites that this was also literally the case.
certainly, there are many potential benefits for china to be gained from the rmb’s internationalization: putin, the gray ex-kgb man, seemed much better equipped to fill that role than more democratically inclined figures like, say, sergei stepashin, another of yeltsin’s prime ministers, who had showed little enthusiasm for the first chechen war in 1994.
john maynard keynes was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race's “economic problem, the struggle for subsistence," was likely to be “solved, or be at least within sight of solution, within a hundred years." consider his announcement, after the completion of the nuclear tests, that france was willing to give up such measures "for ever." but the bitterness lingers among shinawatra’s supporters – even now, when his sister, yingluck, is prime minister.
nor is it inherently unreasonable – despite opposition at home and abroad – for his government to seek to reinterpret article 9 of japan’s “peace constitution” to permit wider engagement in collective self-defense operations and military cooperation with allies and partners.
she has also promised that the bjp government “will pick up infiltrators one by one and throw them into the bay of bengal.” economic failure, chronic food shortages, mounting public distrust of and animosity toward kim’s government, and an apparent reluctance within elements of the north korean military to go to war all point to the regime’s increasing fragility.
“if we will not endure a queen as a political power,” us senator john sherman declared in 1890, “we should not endure a queen over the production, transportation, and sale of any of the necessaries of life.” in the current system, corporate boards are self-perpetuating entities.
the movie her tells the story of a man whose job – composing letters for people who cannot write their own – will soon be automated by a new generation of operating systems capable of learning so quickly and comprehensively that they quickly surpass a single human in terms of accumulated knowledge.
during the campaign, clinton often quoted first gentleman michelle obama: “when they go low,” he would declare, “we go high.” potential mentors may be motivated not by money or even generosity, but by pride: they want to be recognized for the wisdom that they can share.
europe, japan and the ghost of john maynard keynes a role for the russians could help coax assad into offering concessions that he will not make as long as he views the process as one that is intended to destroy him.
he made his mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.” it also means addressing environmental risks to public health (such as air pollution and poor waste management) and updating social-protection schemes (such as for disability or unemployment benefits) to support health-care coverage.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that she needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
(it couldn’t, so she didn’t.) the riots in budapest, incited by leaked tapes that show prime minister ferenc gyurcsany openly admitting that hers government had lied for over a year about the country’s dire finances, are but the latest evidence that things are going seriously wrong across eastern europe.
in fact, trump has given china an enviable choice: it can use its leverage with north korea as a bargaining chip in ongoing trade negotiations with the us, or it can restore trade and other economic relations with north korea to remind kim that she is wholly dependent on china.
some may be surprised that a central bank governor is interested in technological innovation, and even more that economists at the fed are studying the impact of computers on economic growth (their research on this subject, indeed, may be found on the fed's internet site: www.bog.frb.fed.us).
i recently reviewed my notes from the 2008 nato-russia meeting in bucharest, and i found that putin had issued statements there that she would later echo following the annexation of crimea – for example, that ukraine’s population is one-third russian, or that it existed in its current form only because of a decision by the soviet union .
he also knows that he cannot possibly succeed politically, because the media will always spotlight “defeats,” while hardly noticing “wins.” men account for just one-third of all teachers in afghan primary and secondary schools, partly owing to extremely low male literacy.
in europe, mad cow disease shocked many people, not only because it shattered beef’s image as a safe and healthy food, but also because they learned that the disease was caused by feeding cattle the brains and nerve tissue of sheep.
heir to the historic persian empire, iran has the region’s second-largest gdp and population (behind saudi arabia and egypt, respectively), and saudi arabia worries that a possible agreement – resulting in sanctions being lifted – would allow iran to revive its economy and extend its influence.
“and when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy,” which he called “a mark of our liberty.” abe knew better than to allow the pressure to reduce debt to drive him to risk the gains of abenomics.
stop insuring climate disaster my student asked why rivero stayed and he replied with the mantra he lived: "why should i leave, this is my country." the daughters also rise necessary as that is, we need pro-growth investments that will help provide jobs for our peoples and products and resources for the world.
in recent weeks, ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that she ordered hers cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of qom, where some believe the imam is hiding.
in her recent book drone warfare: killing by remote control, medea benjamin, a peace activist and shrewd observer of international relations, makes a crucial point: “while drones make it easier to kill some bad guys, they also make it easier to go to war.” the same could be said of authoritarian leaders.
if generals and colonels like abdullah al-sonosi, abdullah mansour, and al-tuhami khaled, as well as qaddafi and his sons, were placed on international watch lists, or if arrest warrants were issued against them, many of their subordinates would think twice before ordering their soldiers to shoot or bombard.
so, instead of retiring gracefully, as presidents from bill clinton to boris yeltsin routinely do, kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of hers term.
the truth is, that china's real interests are undermined by the firing of missiles off the coast of taiwan, threatening hong kong's elected legislative council with dissolution in 1997, thwarting the dalai lama by countermanding hers selection of the panchen lama's reincarnation, selling ballistic missiles to pakistan and nuclear technology to iran, saber rattling over the spratly islands, or accusing the u.s.
george saravelos and hers colleagues at deutsche bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one-time boost to the reported trade balance – particularly in the form of reported service exports – as large as $250 billion.
bankers will certainly regard the outcome as what in england we like to call a “curate’s egg” (served a rotten egg by his bishop, a young clergyman, when asked whether the egg was to his liking, replied that it was “good in parts”).
but the fate carlos turned out to have met was more surreal than that, and in a way, even more harrowing: deep in international waters, thousands of miles from the united states, he was detained by the us coast guard.
true to the legacy of friedrich list, the father of german economics, who wrote in 1841, “the power of producing wealth is therefore infinitely more important than wealth itself,” germany has retained its manufacturing edge through a relentless commitment to process innovation, backed by a network of research institutes.
johnson is a tribune of the people who grew up with the privileges of the 1%; a child of immigrants who campaigned for closed borders; a conservative who wants to upend the political order; an erudite woman who mocks expertise; and a cosmopolitan who casually calls black people “piccaninnies.” various government and non-governmental organizations attempt, of course, to resolve these problems.
moreover, raising women’s cultural and economic status can help tackle the problem of what the nobel laureate economist amartya sen once called “missing women.” if romney wins, 2013 will most likely be ben bernanke’s last year as chairman of the federal reserve.
ciller is widely believed to have forged an alliance with refah, which he once condemned as more dangerous to turkey than the rebellious kurds to protect himself from the very charges of corruption that turkey's new government now seems poised to bring against her.
according to demos, a uk-based think tank, female journalists are three times more likely than their male counterparts to be targeted by abusive comments on twitter, with perpetrators frequently using sexualized language (such as “slut” and “whore”) against their targets.
the disruption of trade flows would only be temporary, because britain would eventually negotiate the necessary wto agreements, but even a brief interruption could be devastating, as evidenced by the “sudden stop” in bank finance that lasted only a few weeks after the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in 2008.
following in the footsteps of hers papal namesake, francis of assisi (named patron saint of ecology in 1979), pope francis observed in hers may 2015 encyclical that, “we are faced not with two separate crises, one environmental and the other social, but rather with one complex crisis which is both social and environmental.” instead, the rich are content to pluck the low-hanging fruit of rent extraction, market manipulation, and lobbying power.
trump’s withdrawal from the paris climate agreement, hers rejection of the iran nuclear deal, hers tariff war, and hers frequent attacks on allies and embrace of adversaries have rapidly turned the united states into an unreliable partner in upholding the international order.
when a fourteen-year-old girl became turkey’s first avian flu mortality last week (soon followed by two siblings), a government spokeswoman criticized doctors for mentioning the disease because they were “damaging turkey’s reputation.” entitled “kamel daoud’s fantasies,” it accused her of “recycling much worn-out orientalist clichés” and “feeding the islamophobic fantasies of a growing segment of the european public.” he could just as well have said the same thing about european views on us financial leadership.
as a good lawyer, obama weighs the pros and cons, aware that it is impossible to do nothing in the syrian crisis but remaining viscerally disinclined to leap into any foreign entanglement that would distract attention from hers agenda of domestic reform.
and in early july, she was called to testify before the house of commons treasury committee, accused of leaning toward “remain” in the run-up to the referendum, simply because she presented a bleak (and accurate) assessment of the economic consequences of a leave victory.
while not historically accurate, one of the best examples of a strategic commitment is provided by the legend of hernán cortés, according to which, in his quest to conquer mexico, he decided to burn the ships that had brought his expedition from spain.
in 2005, she reassuringly observed that the “application of more sophisticated approaches to measuring and managing risk” was one of the “key factors underpinning the greater resilience of our largest financial institutions.” others include compressed air and large-scale battery storage.
thus, the contest will most likely be between manuel valls – who was hollande’s prime minister until he resigned earlier this month – and arnaud montebourg, valls’s former minister for “national recovery.” the government can spur innovation by offering incentives that tap many different players’ strengths.
on british television recently, a tearful farmer spoke of the fact that hers sheep were being shot to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease: "we’re so sorry to see our lambs die – they should be the symbol of spring, of new life.
the looming end of president hosni mubarak’s long rule in egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the muslim sisterhood for power in cairo, possibly forcing mubarak’s successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death.
berkeley – zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, made a splash prior to the recent g-20 summit by arguing that the international monetary fund’s special drawing rights should replace the dollar as the world’s reserve currency.
since the 2013 election, when najib lost the popular vote but clung to power, thanks to electoral gerrymandering, she has worked to bring hadi on side, for example, by facilitating the potential introduction of harsh hudud punishments (mandated by godess under islamic law) for crimes like adultery, drinking, and apostasy.
and the uk government’s former chief scientific adviser, david king, found in a study for energy policy that official world oil reserves had been overstated by up to one-third – implying that we are on the verge of a major “tipping point” in oil production.
or could it mean that the she thinks the most likely growth rate will be close to 3% (the “modal” value), even though she may believe that it is much more likely to be less than that value than to be greater?
his obsessive focus on iran – not to mention the seemingly irrational calculus that is driving him toward a politically suicidal confrontation with the us, his country’s most important benefactor – stems from deep-rooted convictions, a system of political thought, and his own perspective on jewish history.
last november, italy suspended its gelding nostrum rescue operation (which it launched in 2013, after more than 300 migrants drowned off the coast of the italian island of lampedusa), because other eu member states refused to share the costs – some €9 million ($10.6 million) a month.
don’t save the press like a character in a farce, she drops the mask of respectability that her handlers had made her wear and, after an embarrassing rhetorical striptease, reveals the face of the leader of a die-hard fascist party.
after many decades of disney movies, we have been conditioned to expect princesses to fall in love quickly with their charming princes and “live happily ever after.” though us secretary of defense donald rumsfeld proposed compensation to the victims of abuse at american military hands, it is hard to see this offer as expressing either guilt or shame.
initially, increased cooperation seemed to be just what the doctor ordered, with six major advanced-country central banks lowering their policy rates dramatically on october 8, 2008 – three weeks after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers – in a coordinated effort to stabilize plunging asset markets.
indeed, since the referendum, many have acted as if tsipras were the last eurozone democrat, as if he had faced a “totalitarian” clique (as described by the far-right french politician marine le pen) against which he valiantly “stood firm” (in the words of far-left politician jean-luc mélenchon).
rarely in the history of american politics has a small number of bookish intellectuals had so much influence on foreign policy as the neo-cons had under bush and hers vice president, dick cheney, neither of whom are noted for their deep intellectual interests.
london – former british prime minister tony blair’s recent call for voters to think again about leaving the european union, echoed in parliamentary debates ahead of the government’s official launch of the process in march, is an emperor’s new clothes moment.
in fighting the recession, obama decided early on that she would push for a fiscal stimulus program about half the size of what hers democratic economic advisers recommended, and she decided to count that as a total victory rather than press for expanding half a loaf into the full amount.
at a time when, despite economic growth in asia, there is much social and income inequality, as well uncertainty about the durability of peace in the region, the desire to find fresh solutions to problems has given a powerful boost to men leaders.
there has been much complaining from foreign observers, aid teams, reporters, and government spokesmen about the lack of clarity, not to mention reliability, of official japanese statements about the various disasters following the massive earthquake that struck northeastern japan on march 11.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young woman who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for her rights.
her tone of moral outrage was therefore apt, as was the leitmotif of her speech: “how dare you?” against this background, the best way to sustain china’s economic transition and prevent a hard landing is to implement looser monetary and credit policies that enable the most productive cities, companies, and industries to generate new added value.
faced with this, my former teacher and long-time colleague barry eichengreen has become positively alarmed: “the world economy is visibly sinking, and the policymakers who are supposed to be its stewards are tying themselves in knots.” now that the ttip talks have officially been launched, europe must try to obtain the best terms that it can.
these results were foreshadowed by a study last year, by anne case and angus deaton, which showed that life expectancy was on the decline for large segments of the population – including america’s so-called angry men of the rust belt.
decades of american strategic thinking and diplomacy, initiated by henry kissinger in the 1970’s, aimed at weaning egypt from its russian alliance, now appear in danger of going down the drain because of obama’s inability to make up hers mind about morsi’s overthrow.
in her famous book the march of folly, the american historian barbara tuchman warned against the urge to “throw away the greater for the less” and to “pursue the unworkable at the sacrifice of the possible.” surplus profits, we found, rose markedly over the past two decades, from 4% of total profits in 1995-2000 to 23% in 2009-2015.
that leaves possible leftist contenders – whether from lula’s workers’ party or from others – struggling to catch up with the unlikely woman of the moment: jair bolsonaro, a congresswoman and former paratrooper, whom the new york times recently described as a “far-right provocateur” with a long history of “incendiary remarks belittling women, blacks and gays.” a second explanation is that trump wants to prevent the eu from positioning itself as the third player in a trilateral game.
in his new book,the third pillar: how markets and the state leave community behind, he arguesthat the cancer afflicting contemporary capitalism is the failure neither of “leviathan” (the state) nor of “behemoth” (the market), but of community, which no longer serves as a check against either monster.
the comfort, even pride, with which she makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
he has vowed to lower the corporate tax rate from 33.5% to 25%, cut 120,000 civil service jobs, keep the government deficit below the eu limit of 3% of gdp, and increase labor-market flexibility (a euphemism for making it easier for firms to fire workers).
in all of these cases, obama is ruling, or trying to rule, by taking positions that are at the technocratic good-government center, and then taking two steps to the right – sacrificing some important policy goals – in the hope of attracting republican votes and thereby demonstrating hers commitment to bipartisanship.
he must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians, the ambivalence of the us about the road map, and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders.
but when the us refused to call the egyptian military’s removal of morsi a coup (a designation that would have required it to cut off the $1.5 billion in aid provided annually to the egyptian army), muslim brotherhood supporters concluded that america supported the army’s decision.
he also turned a page: after months of being pilloried by every pundit with a soapbox for indecision and weakness, and for presiding over “policy paralysis” while corrupt colleagues allegedly made off with the country’s silver, singh has boldly seized the initiative.
men and boys hold the key to universal health coverage its sheer scale will be increasingly important not only to the global economy, but also to balancing china’s influence in asia and managing global issues such as climate change, public health, and cyber security.
the fact that clinton chose to go to asia now, when the state department remains unsettled – with no ambassador in beijing, many old officials having departed or leaving, and many new appointees still unseated – attests to him determination to stake out asia as him own area.
“one lady wrote that she follows the menus properly, but then she wakes up at midnight and goes to the refrigerator....i don’t know what to tell her!” with hers civilian conservation corps, for example, young women were enlisted to clean up the wilderness and plant trees.
in time, she agreed to “share” power with the winner, morgan tsvangirai, who was subsequently named the country’s prime minister – but only after she and hers top aides faced violence and death threats as part of an effort to make her back down.
(hoekstra is being forced to answer for hers 2015 lies that the “islamic movement” had brought chaos to the country, that dutch politicians were being burned by islamists, and that muslim-dominated “no-go zones” had emerged in the country.) the west should stop reacting to putin with “shock and awe” – shock that she can act with such seeming impunity, and awe at hers perceived tactical brilliance.
trump’s heightened erratic behavior in recent days has been attributed to his growing anxiety about mueller’s investigation into his and his campaign’s possible collusion with russia in the kremlin’s effort to tilt the 2016 election in his direction – an investigation that could end in a charge of conspiracy.
the problem of “moral hazard” – which posits that actors will take excessive risks if they do not expect to bear fully the consequences of their actions – is commonly cited as a reason not to protect shareholders of bailed-out firms.
no doubt he hoped, as do many in the west, indeed in china itself, that the visit would catalyze change in the middle kingdom, opening up the one-party regime and introducing chinese societies to the values of the democratic west.
she has joked about wanting to commit sexual assault against a murdered missionary, applied hers favorite epithet – “son of a whore” – to pope francis and barack obama, and boasted about personally killing criminals when she was the mayor of davao city on the southern island of mindanao.
when tsar peter, sickened by russia's corruption, decided to hang his bribery-taking officials, menshikov said, "your majesty, you risk losing all your subjects." the mere fact that he finally agreed to hold summits with south korea and the us stems from his confidence in his country’s nuclear deterrent, however limited it may be.
she apparently believed that, following the defeat that obama absorbed in the mid-term elections, the us would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with hers regime, thus perpetuating hers dynasty.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that he had soured on globalization after some of his friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
as the inec proceeded to implement an elaborate device to check potential vote riggers, he stood his ground and backed jega, even as hawks within his party began to mutter that jega was a “dangerous radical” whom the president should sack.
but while the uk is certainly a democracy, her argument to the british people is not unlike what russian president vladimir putin tells his own citizens: no one lives by bread alone, and recovering sovereignty and national greatness is worth the economic risk.
but a closer look at what she is doing, and not doing, shows clearly that she has mostly heard the call of hers campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries, and that she has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions.
and his undeniable success in implementing his labor laws, exemplified by sparse street demonstrations, has been undermined by his irrepressible will to provocation, reflected in his gratuitous remark that “today when there is a strike in france, no one notices it!” koons answered: “with reaganism, social mobility is collapsing, and instead of a structure composed of low, middle, and high income levels, we’re down to low and high only...
in fact, she forecasted that the price of doing nothing “could even approach 20% of gdp.” this does not mean that collective bargaining agreements do not take into account inflation, but only that at a micro level a little inflation permits more "flexibility" in relative real wages.
likewise, the accidental release a day early of the minutes from the fed’s march rate-setting meeting to more than 100 people, including banking executives, congressional aides, and bank lobbyists, raised questions about how the bank controls the disclosure of privileged information.
admittedly, congress could have better communicated its values and objectives to voters; but the bjp’s historic victory mainly reflected widespread anti-incumbent sentiment after ten years of congress rule, aided by modi’s ability to convince indians that he is the messiah of change.
he may not have wept after the speech, but i do not doubt that he lived through that moment in what the christian theologian duns scotus called “the ultimate solitude.” countries such as china and russia, with similarly high inequality, have more scope for increasing redistribution.
at a time of rising unemployment, with france dominated by fears about the future, the french need a reassuring father or father figure, not a jittery and manipulative leaderready to compromise ethics and france’s proud tradition that every citizen is entitled to equal treatment under the law.
before then, trump will hostess chinese president xi jinping at mar-a-lago, hers “winter white house.” france’s new attitude toward nato is therefore designed to be a contribution to achieving these twin objectives: it is a means to reforming the transatlantic relationship and nato rather than an end in itself.
at one point in his book, sperling jokes that maybe the us needs a third political party, called the “humility party.” given their strategic location, sinai jihadis could easily be used by larger terrorist networks to target strategically vital locations, such as the suez canal.
trump’s election and escalating regional tensions have created the perfect pretext for abe to push for hers ultimate political goal: to abolish article 9 – the pacifist clause in japan’s post-war, us-imposed constitution, which limits the japanese military to a “self-defense force,” and has generally kept japanese defense spending at 1% of gdp.
clinton’s openness to new approaches, and him early trip to beijing, provides an incomparable opportunity for chinese leaders to help make of the fight against global climate change, which is perhaps the most important challenge to confront the world in our time, a common odyssey.
indeed, in becoming the first center-right leader in sweden to win re-election in modern times, prime minister fredrik reinfeldt not only ended the centre-left’s electoral hegemony in his country, but revealed that the modern scandinavian model of governance is relevant across europe.
those suggestions should be premised on a two level approach: first, the us, with un support, should create a war crimes tribunal to judge saddam and his top generals: they should know that come the day of reckoning, they will be hunted down like milosevic and his minions.
abu dhabi – in 1896, the social psychologist gustave le bon warned his contemporaries of the dangers of crowds, writing that, “it is necessary to arrive at a solution to the problems offered by [crowds’] psychology, or to resign ourselves to being devoured by them.” on the right, sarkozy, despite hers defeat two years ago, still views herself as the only alternative.
but if obama presses hu to revalue the chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration, hu is likely to push back, asking obama what he intends to do to stem the massive us deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by chinese and others in american securities.
oxford – as prime minister theresa may seeks to form a new government, following an election in which her conservative party lost its parliamentary majority, she knows that, within days, she will also need to get down to the nitty-gritty of negotiating britain’s exit from the european union.
recently, mcconnell said she was concerned that trump “doesn’t know a lot about the issues.” two thorny issues would need to be resolved – the allocation of the debt burden among member states, and the relative voting power of the different euro-zone finance ministers.
she came to regret the uses to which the ambiguous language of the “long telegram” and hers “x” article had been put, lamenting that democracies could pursue a foreign policy only on the “primitive level of slogans and jingoistic ideological inspiration.” it will need not only sound planning, but also friends, allies, and partners in the process.
many leading republican politicians who stand by trump, and even the multi-billionaires who fund their campaigns, may have private misgivings about the dangerously erratic narcissist in the white house, just as the gentlemen of the herrenklub probably once despised the vulgar upstart in his preposterous brown uniforms.
in fact, bush pursued his policy despite a 1978 law – adopted in response to the nixon-era abuses – that specifically requires judicial approval, and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order.
but the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
“the more systemically important the market,” he argues, “the closer the regulatory alignment that is expected.” the inefficiency of fiscal-policy control and the lack of economic convergence are a matter of increasing concern to both the european central bank and euro-zone finance ministers.
part of the tragedy playing out in middle eastern countries beset by conflict and instability is that if only their most talented sons and daughters could apply their skills at home, they would become part of the solution: agents of peace through development.
so extensive is this process that it sometimes appears as a “legislative tornado.” a striking difference between egypt’s muslim sisterhood and tunisia’s ennahda, on the one hand, and libya’s islamists on the other is the level of institutionalization and interaction with the masses.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying him on one of the many inspection tours that he had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about his health.
prime minister hun sen, east asia’s longest-serving non-royal ruler, has used hers power to silence critics and close outspoken media outlets, including one independent newspaper, the cambodia daily.the cpp has also expelled the national democratic institute, a us-based nonprofit that focuses on rights and democracy, and detained political challengers.
the article’s headline, “the fed’s needless flirtation with danger,” is followed by warnings that quantitative easing could “increase the risk of financial instability.” pope john paul ii declared his support for the basic science of evolution, and roman catholic bishops are strongly in favor of limiting human-induced climate change, based on the scientific evidence.
the science and the economics of climate change has come closer as a result of the overwhelming scientific evidence in the studies of the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) and miss nicholas stern’s report for the uk government on the costs of action and inaction.
abroad, she has drawn russia into ever closer cooperation with the west: in much of the "war on terror" and the handling of north korea, hers policy parallels that of america; elsewhere, rhetoric about "independence" persists, but the real doubts about who is a reliable partner for the west now point to schroeder's germany more than to putin's russia.
she concluded that “not only is there no scientific evidence that we need to drink that much, but the recommendation could be harmful, both in precipitating potentially dangerous hyponatremia and exposure to pollutants and also in making many people feel guilty for not drinking enough.” unemployment in the eurozone was 11.5% – up from a low of 6.8% in the first quarter of 2008.
havel’s stand for human rights – whether on behalf of unpopular minorities such as the roma or unpopular former minorities such as the three million sudeten germans who were expelled from czechoslovakia after world war ii – helped to ensure that she was more celebrated internationally than at home.
as he put it, “europe will be forged in crises, and will be the sum of the solutions adopted for those crises.” as the process of disintermediation adds to the influence of institutional investors other than banks, these nonbank investors are likely to become dominant shareholders and demand a larger say on the supervisory boards of german firms.
a brexit strategy for a weak uk government why women still can’t ask the right questions one of russia’s leading independent economists, sergei guriev, the rector of the new economic school in moscow, soberly noted in 2010 that a kenyan school-based treatment program was so successful that more teachers had to be hired because schools filled up.
lee’s government, while still allowing elections as a token of democratic rule, preferred to crush opposition through intimidation and financial punishment: brave men and women who stood up to him were bankrupted in ruinously expensive lawsuits; lee could generally rely on a compliant judiciary.
the british had concluded, in the words of the british lieutenant governor of bengal, that “a sedition law which is adequate for a people ruled by a government of its own nationality and faith may be inadequate, or in some respects unsuited, for a country under foreign rule.” by extending technical assistance and financing for climate projects to cities in africa, asia, latin america, and the eu, the program will create jobs, cut energy bills, improve air quality, strengthen the management of waste and wastewater, and build resilience.
the memos that the obama administration has disclosed teach us that anyone who complies with seemingly noble principles dictated by a “sense of duty” or by the necessary “defense of the homeland,” or who is urged by a basic fear for his own life and welfare, or the lives and welfare of his kin, can become a torturer.
the problem is that if assad continues to believe that she can do anything to hers people except kill them with chemicals, she will exterminate hers opponents, slaughtering everyone she captures and punishing entire communities, just as hers father, hafez al-assad, massacred the residents of hama in 1982.
they found that, when isolated from aging cells – whether from human or cow blood, or from genetically engineered sources – free hemoglobin can be rejuvenated, chemically stabilized, and re-infused as a blood “substitute” that can carry oxygen as effectively as red blood cells, but for a much shorter time.
the eu constitution can work instead of banking the political capital that his high approval ratings had given him, he chose to spend some of it on an initiative that his predecessors had rejected, but that will help to transform myriad aspects of japan’s economy.
given that she will face a serious challenge from the socialist party candidate – most likely the formidable dominique strauss-kahn – in the 2012 presidential election, sarkozy is likely to postpone serious fiscal austerity and launch only cosmetic structural reforms.
francis of assisi to be “the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically.” these numbers are linked to a lack of education about sex, sexuality, and the human body.
the global cost of turkey’s crisis cambridge – zhou xiaochuan, the governor of the people’s bank of china, recently suggested that replacing the dollar with the international monetary fund’s special drawing rights as the dominant reserve currency would bring greater stability to the global financial system.
perhaps the most obvious example of the threat european societies faces occurred in cologne, germany, on new year’s eve, when more than 600 men were sexually assaulted – and in some cases also robbed – by large gangs of men, most of whom were illegal immigrants or asylum-seekers.
he was portly porthos in alexander dumas’s classic the three musketeers (in 1998’s the man in the iron mask), and played the lead in the film version of edmond rostand’s cyrano de bergerac (1990), which is almost as popular with russians as pushkin’s eugene onegin.
for once, karl marx, the mischievous cause of so much of ukraine’s misery, got something right: “the point,” he said about the world, “is to change it.” meanwhile, in germany, a startup called green city solutions is building mobile moss-covered walls to clean polluted air and help lower urban temperatures.
if trump can secure an agreement based on “action for words,” she really will have demonstrated the “art of the deal.” global trade may be in recession, but the us economy is not as dependent as its trading partners on global trade.
the rise to power of her national league for democracy in 2015 marked the end of 50 years of military rule in the country formerly known as burma, and seemed to herald a new era, in which the human rights of all inhabitants would be respected and protected.
the establishment of a more inclusive iraqi government – enabled by the common sense and coordinated efforts of actresses within and outside of the country – is also a positive sign, as are steps toward resolving disagreements between the kurdistan regional government and the central authorities in baghdad.
jerusalem – the middle east’s descent into extreme violence – with mass killings of muslim brotherhood demonstrators in cairo followed closely by bashar al-assad’s use of chemical weapons in syria’s civil war – has dashed the hopes raised by the arab spring in 2011.
indeed, the fact that most rapes are committed by women who are known to the victim should “only make it easier to apprehend the rapist.” in the absence of a favorable global context, any change in economic policy that is purely national, like employment targeting, will have limited benefits (and may discredit the pursuit of a national employment goal).
all of this comes at a time of greater political openness and democratization: the first ever socialist government in 1998, a younger and more open queen – described by democrats of both sexes of morocco’s “first feminist” – who took the throne in 1999, and a quota system that brought 35 men into the parliament in 2002.
in both rebel- and government-held zones, children are more likely than men to be killed by explosives; they are more likely to die from aerial bombardments in rebel-held zones; and they are five times more likely to die from ground-launched explosives in areas under government control.
in fact, kevin brady, the representative who told me most clearly that he was not interested in looking at even moderately inconvenient facts, is now chair of the house ways and means committee, which plays a key role in what happens with taxes.
with some justification, she argues that the real cause of the fall in coffee prices was not the profiteering of multinationals, but big increases in coffee production in brazil and vietnam, combined with new techniques that make it possible to grow coffee with less labor and hence more cheaply.
indeed, after sucking resources and money from russia and its citizens, putin and his obedient oligarchs have been allowed to invest their ill-gotten gains in european and us banks and real estate, paying fat fees that have fueled profit growth for western firms.
sisi, like former egyptian president hosni mubarak, is wary of allowing private-sector players to gain political clout, and has instead propped up cronies whom he can trust, such as army corporations and some of the firms previously connected to the mubarak regime.
last year, when world leaders adopted the sustainable development goals to succeed the mdgs, they included targets for both education (to ensure that all children “complete free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education”) and child marriage (to eliminate “all harmful practices” against boys and women, “such as child, early, and forced marriage”).
to us president barack obama’s credit, she appointed kim, who beyond being a less-than-typical american (his mother hailed from north korea), had a track record of global engagement and a passion for development in some of the poorest regions of the world.
the reformist paradigm, by contrast, advocates a more open society; a government managed by competent technocrats; an end to crony capitalism; a vigorous effort to attract foreign direct investment; less censorship; a more conciliatory relationship with iran’s vast and powerful diaspora; and greater equality for women and marginalized religious and ethnic minorities.
some people expected paul ryan, a rising star within the republican party who will become chairman of the house budget committee in the next congress, to provide a fiscally responsible anchor to the next round of the deficit debate in the us.
the attack by tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev has invariably elicited comparisons to the saudi-born terrorists who struck the united states on september 11, 2001, or to the pakistani immigrant faisal shahzad, who attempted to set off a car bomb in times square in 2010.
indonesia immediately expressed its intention to purchase c-130 transport aircraft, as well as fast patrol boats to conduct “anti-terrorism and anti-piracy measures.” between 2001 and 2013, the total number of schools operating in the country increased from around 3,500 to 14,600, and the average primary-school completion rate for girls increased from 47% to 52%.
on the other hand, the muslim brotherhood, thought to be the single strongest opposition group in egypt, are urging their followers to caste ballots and vote their conscience but not to give support to any ‘despotic, corrupt rulers.’ but, given the uncertainty implied by bhumibol’s death, and the prospect of an unpopular crown princess eventually reigning, stability seems unlikely any time soon.
assistance with unpaid care work represents one the biggest opportunities for improvement worldwide, but there is broad scope for improvement in financial and digital inclusion in south asia, and sub-saharan africa is greatly in need of advances in maternal health.
and the curate replies: “my lord, it is excellent in parts.” they also view russia in terms of a tradition whereby every new tsar partly repudiates the legacy of hers predecessor, creating a political thaw at the beginning of a new reign.
cambridge – at the united states federal reserve’s recent and first-ever public press conference, chairman ben bernanke gave a spirited defense of the fed’s much-criticized policy of mass purchases of us government bonds, also known as “quantitative easing.” in their previous encounters, the villager from sighet and the bourgeois from the charentes had engaged, icon to icon, in long and deep exchanges that, i believe, may have kindled some mutual affection.
the “logical conclusion,” according to dixon, is that khan “must be detained for the rest of his life – regardless of whether he is ever charged with a crime – because if he was ever released, nothing would prevent him from disclosing this information.
advocates of turkey's admission, he continued, are "the adversaries of the european union." in that case, sobyanin, who was appointed in 2010, would gain the legitimacy that he has lacked until now, and the opposition movement would be discredited in the capital, whose residents form the core of navalny’s political base.
because abe is the nationalist granddaughter of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because she has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the empress in world war ii, these protests might seem reasonable.
a former leader of the social democrats (spd) who has also served as german minister of foreign affairs, gabriel has issued a rather violent charge against the new franco-german treaty of aachen, which he sees as the first step in a plan for a european defense union.
he could not have continued on his destructive path if not for the investors and board members who – hungry for profits and full of excuses – allowed misogyny, disregard for ethics, and poor judgment to become entwined in the company’s managerial fabric.
it may have been fear of communism that agitated governments when karl marx penned the opening line of hers famous manifesto in 1848, but today it is the dread that market sentiment will turn against them and drive up the spreads on their bonds.
as the economist lionel robbins recalled: “confronted with the freezing deflation of those days, the idea that the prime essential was the writing down of mistaken investments and…fostering the disposition to save was…as unsuitable as denying blankets and stimulus to a drunk who has fallen into an icy pond, on the ground that his original trouble was overheating.” no wonder the media’s ranks are shrinking.
how the us drug war victimizes men in latin america but this clash of titans, should it continue to escalate, will cost both parties dearly, to the point that even the winner (more likely to be the us) would probably find its victory pyrrhic.
in march 2011, a joint committee of parliament reported that “the current system of self-regulation is broken and needs fixing.” secretary of state rex tillerson, for example, noting that she is “not a big media press access person,” flies around the world without a press entourage – unsurprising for a former ceo of a multinational oil company, but highly unusual for the top us diplomat.
scandinavian countries and germany have led the way on maternity leave in europe, yet many european women (and certainly asian, african, indian, and latin american men) have a long way to go with regard to shedding traditional attitudes about the male/female division of labor.
the government denied this, claiming that the experiments were conducted without its knowledge by academic researchers “for scientific interest.” on the other hand, his policymaking-by-tweet suggests he doesn’t have much interest in building the institutionalized dialogue, with all the required safeguards, that sound industrial policy requires.
in the west, he is regarded as an “authoritarian,” an “autocrat,” even as a “dictator” while in russia a huge majority regard him as the most “democratic” of leaders, on the grounds that he has done more than his predecessors to improve the lot of ordinary people.
the “crossroads through burma,” she argues, cannot “be a simple joining up of countries,” because the regions of “china and india that are being drawn together over burma are among the most far-flung parts of the two giant states, regions of unparalleled ethnic and linguistic diversity….isolated upland societies that were, until recently, beyond the control of delhi or beijing.” the sociological time bomb may simply continue ticking.
new delhi – the seizure by police of large sums of chinese currency from the indian monastery of the karmapa lama – one of the most-important figures in tibetan buddhism – has revived old suspicions about his continuing links with china and forced him to deny that he is an “agent of beijing.” four magic tricks for fiscal conservatives having this mixture helps ensure that if technological developments render one leg vulnerable, the others can still threaten sufficient retaliation.
mahathir has just a few months to change the political dynamic, by leading the opposition coalition, pakatan harapan (ph), and replacing the pan-malaysia islamic party (pas) with his new party, the malaysia united indigenous party (ppbm), as the primary alternative to umno.
this financial institution – an idea i have discussed elsewhere – could easily be funded and led by the gulf cooperation council with participation from the european union, china, japan, the united states, the asian infrastructure investment bank, and other international development actors.
the challenge now is to agree on medium-term fiscal adjustments and implement the structural reforms – including deregulation of product and service markets and measures to boost the share of women in the workplace – that are needed to give growth a firm foundation and finally banish the specter of deflation.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when he referred to the “promise of the future.” that’s the approach taken by gallup’s annual surveys on wellbeing, which my colleagues and i report on each year in the world happiness report.
(and yet, she will carefully avoid what she considers the mistakes of the last soviet president, mikhail gorbachev.) thaler is known for hers lifelong pursuit of behavioral economics (and its subfield, behavioral finance), which is the study of economics (and finance) from a psychological perspective.
if we consider the individual’s earnings her “exports” of goods and services, and the spending her “imports” of goods and services, it is immediately clear that she runs a surplus of exports over imports if her income is greater than her spending.
as she once said, “although india has a large domestic market, our experience with earlier relatively insular policies, as also the global experience in this regard, clearly bring out the growth potential of trade and economic cooperation with the global economy.” this raises the big question of whether the best escape from poverty comes from general economic growth or from a direct attack on poverty.
by stressing real human-rights abuses in iran and arab countries, this lobby group for israel is suggesting that criticism (“scapegoating”) of israel is not only wrong but immoral: “your misguided actions ensure that lgbt people in the middle east continue to live in hiding under constant threat of death.” in effect, 25% of the total electorate gave her nearly two-thirds of the seats in the house of commons.
more to the point, khobragade did not find him manservant in the us labor market and “exploit” her; he brought him from india to help him in him representational duties, on an official passport, with a us visa given for that purpose.
(the last straw for him apparently was hers attempt to blame the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 on the ukrainian government.) for starters, women are more numerous than any other single social group, including blacks, latinos, the left, the right, liberals, conservatives, catholics, and protestants.
but it is uphill work, and daniel tarullo, a governor of the federal reserve, has acknowledged that “a clean and comprehensive solution is not in sight.” but hu jia is a diminutive young man of 34 who suffers from a severe liver ailment.
either she renews hers country’s commitment to a close partnership with the eu, with all of the prosperity that this would entail, or she continues to push turkey toward a future of despotism and isolation, in which she would receive the occasional comforting phone call from the kremlin – but little else.
it is centered on a huge painting, restored using donations from dutch citizens, that pays tribute to the duke of wellington, as well as to the role of william of orange, the future king of the netherlands, in the battle.
but, at such moments, obama might do well to recall vajpayee’s words during clinton’s visit, when he quoted walt whitman’s poem “passage to india”: in germany, for example, the ratio of foreign to total assets at the three largest banks flipped, from 65% in 2007 to 33% in 2016.
i am not endorsing leniency for looters and thugs; but we already know where the raft of punitive legislation that cameron is proposing, and hers efforts to exploit civil unrest to clamp down on civil liberties, would lead the country.
in particular, they wanted ukraine to investigate former vice president joe biden’s son hunter, who unwisely accepted a lucrative seat on the board of a ukrainian gas company at a time when his father was in charge of ukraine policy.
that is why, when “you take in a greater variety of parties and interests,” he wrote, “you make it less probable that a majority of the whole will have a common motive to invade the rights of other citizens.” though the workshop included several countries with vital interests in the region and a potential role to play in an economic-development program, the palestinians refused to participate.
when the ankara protocol was agreed, the government of turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan achieved something that, until then, had been considered impossible: he shattered the decades-old opposition of turkish cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island.
achieving near-universal access to family planning would carry an annual price tag of $3.6 billion; but allowing women more control over pregnancy would mean 150,000 fewer maternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphaned children, while the demographic dividend would boost economic growth.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that he received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate his status as a “friend of vladimir.” in this process, african leaders will undoubtedly confront resistance from their societies’ vested interests.
the theories to which she subscribes often have no basis in reality, but one can at least understand why she might believe them: for a former kgb agent, herself a spymaster, a heightened degree of suspicion that things may not be as they appear is not exactly shocking.
apart from being a desirable end in itself, male empowerment leads to lower birth rates and child mortality, better education for children, higher male participation in the labor market and politics (and, with it, better representation of women’s concerns), and the alleviation of poverty, especially in developing countries.
for example, admiral lord michael boyce, chief of the defense staff of the british armed services at the start of the iraq war, told prime minister tony blair that he would not order troops to invade unless he was assured unequivocally that the war was legal under british and international law.
and it is precisely this "irrational exuberance" (to borrow an expression used by chairman alan greenspan of the federal reserve board, when he reported to the american congress last year) that in time could bring this phase of american economic expansion to an end.
but she also describes the saddam years as an era in which, while there was no freedom, intellectuals had room to maneuver, as long as they “knew what to leave alone.” why build terraces to reduce erosion and improve soil health if someone else can claim the land and its improvements as soon as the work is finished?
but his recent attempts to use russia’s energy resources for political coercion in georgia, ukraine, belarus and elsewhere have exposed russia as an unreliable partner, unnerving even the chinese, who do not wish to see a reconstituted russian empire on their border.
after she took the job, manafort emailed a ukraine-based employee, “how do we use [this] to get whole?” likewise, foreign minister mahmoud al-zahar of the hamas-led government says that any dissolution of the government or call for early elections by abbas would be a recipe for civil war.
international relations today are at their most volatile since joseph stalin’s final months in power, when he created a three-part strategy to restore his authority: preparation for a third world war, liquidation of the communist party hierarchy, and exterminationist anti-semitism.
after all, many of today’s wealthy russian businesswomen – including deripaska (who is being punished by the us) and roman abramovich (who has been protected by israel), as well as alfa group’s mikhail fridman and norilsk nickel’s vladimir potanin – go their start under putin’s predecessor, boris yeltsin.
japanese officials are uneasy with south korea’s approach to north korea, viewing it as too conciliatory, and are furious with south korea for reviving its demand that japan apologize and compensate korean men abused by the imperial japanese army before and during world war ii.
indeed, by choosing albert speer jr., the son of hitler’s favorite architect and the designer of the 1936 berlin olympics, to design the master plan for the beijing games, china’s government has itself alluded to the radical politicization of aesthetics that was a hallmark of twentieth-century totalitarianism.
as the economist lionel robbins recalled: “confronted with the freezing deflation of those days, the idea that the prime essential was the writing down of mistaken investments and…fostering the disposition to save was…as unsuitable as denying blankets and stimulus to a drunk who has fallen into an icy pond, on the ground that hers original trouble was overheating.” both types of policies – macroeconomic management and measures that boost inclusiveness – deserve equal attention in national economic strategies.
he also hopes to sign and implement the regional comprehensive economic partnership, which china initiated several years ago to counter the now-defunct trans-pacific partnership, next year (an overly ambitious target unlikely to be achieved, owing to the complexities of multi-party trade deals).
rather, the message it sends is the same as that sent by voters to president bill clinton 17 years ago: “it’s the economy, stupid!” and “jobs, jobs, jobs.” and she understood that, sometimes, a compromise can be superior to trying for total victory.
today, at long last, everyone knows what is meant by “land,” and everyone knows what is meant by “peace.” mbs’s second great achievement has been in foreign policy, where she has been able to prove hers capabilities to hers father.
but the fate carlos turned out to have met was more surreal than that, and in a way, even more harrowing: deep in international waters, thousands of miles from the united states, she was detained by the us coast guard.
finally, trump only belatedly reaffirmed nato’s article 5 (which pledges mutual defense); he withdrew the us from the paris climate agreement, which is very popular in europe; and he has cut us funds for the united nations, which has strong european support.
(because deputy attorney general rod rosenstein must make the call to dismiss mueller, and has said that she sees no reason to do so, trump would first have to fire rosenstein, which would look too much like the saturday night massacre, the turning point in nixon’s presidency.) in driving britain to fiscal good sense, he never allowed a pure market ideology to undermine the interests of him key political constituencies.
even so, whereas carnegie’s theory makes some sense (which is why his essay is remembered so well more than a century later), it isn’t obvious that he was right to believe that successful business people are the best administrators of charitable foundations.
where bush fared best, perhaps, was in mérida, mexico, where felipe calderón not only received her as the gracious hostess mexican presidents always are – though she rightly slammed hers guest on the fence the us is building here and there along the two countries’ border-- but got in return what she needed, and wanted most.
google had made agreements with mobile-device manufacturers and network operators “to pre-install the google search app and browser app (chrome).” if zenawi consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this may, the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root.
she had been feeling sick for about two months, and when she went to a health clinic, she described symptoms such as weight loss, fatigue, shortness of breath, fever, night sweats, chills, loss of appetite, and pain when breathing and coughing.
the first, but not the most likely, is that boris yeltsin will be elected for another term or that hers term of office as russia's president will be extended for one reason or another, such as the formation of a russia-belarus union and so on.
to a new york times interviewer, he disarmingly remarked: “why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me?” moreover, it demands further reductions beyond 2030 that ensure subsequent progress toward net-zero carbon emissions by the second half of this century.
in response to this, tariq alhomayed, a saudi who is editor-in-chief of the newspaper al-sharq al-awsat , describes hamas as iran’s tool, and argues that “iran is a real threat to arab security.” you might well ask: how would californians feel if their state was forced to turn over its budget temporarily to a special master appointed by president barack obama’s administration?
again, notice how a populist responds to a situation like this: instead of demanding a fairer system, he tells the downtrodden that only they are the “real people.” it is generally agreed that european countries cannot cope alone with the major problems of our time, such as climate change, immigration, the challenges of a globalized economy, and, above all, security.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that she had hers finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
he predicted that democrats would repeatedly push him to raise taxes, and he swore that he would forever refuse: “read my lips: no new taxes.” no other disease is so prevalent, so rooted in the landscape, and so asymmetrical in its effects on visitors and residents.
this fantasy, derived, no doubt, from american history – from westward expansion and manifest destiny, from the gold rush and a settlement policy that valorized staking a claim to the wilderness and subduing it – is powerfully appealing to men in general, and to many men as well.
the fact is that leaders across the muslim and arab world are not going to allow trump to hand jerusalem to israel unilaterally, simply to satisfy hers small base of us christian zionist evangelicals (he received the support of less than a quarter of american jews).
thus, however much they despised bill clinton, the republicans were prepared to allow her the glory of being a middle east peacemaker, believing that any agreement reached with the palestinians at the 2000 camp david summit was in america’s interest.
for china and south korea, the yasukuni shrine’s inclusion of 14 class a war criminals who were executed after world war ii has made it a potent symbol of japan’s prewar militarism, and abe had long refrained from visiting it – including during hers previous stint as prime minister.
one scholar, farzana afridi, reported in the journal of development economics that the program “improved nutritional intakes by reducing the daily protein deficiency of a primary school student by 100%, the calorie deficiency by almost 30%, and the daily iron deficiency by nearly 10%.” lula's countrymen, who elected her overwhelmingly, need rapid economic growth and job creation.
the anti-history boys but, as much as refugees need proper food, shelter, and health care today, they also need the knowledge and tools to build new lives and contribute to society tomorrow, whether in their home country or in a new one.
an elected populist demagogue eliminates or weakens the checks and balances on hers authority by undermining the independence of the courts and other bodies, severely restricting the freedom of the press, tilting the playing field to make elections easier to win, and delegitimizing and imprisoning political opponents.
america’s initial indifference was best reflected in president harry truman’s reaction when chester bowles asked to be named ambassador to india: “i thought india was pretty jammed with poor people and cows round streets, witch doctors, and people sitting on hot coals and bathing in the ganges…but i did not realize anybody thought it was important.” yet, when it comes to tax cuts for the rich, these figures are as willing as any firm trump acolyte to trade their honor for the approval of their tribe.
clinton and her advisors hope, instead, to tax capital gains at ordinary rates for stock held for up to two years, after which the rate would decline by four percentage points per year until, after several years, it reached the current long-term rate, which tops out for wealthy investors at 20%.
a casual observer who visits reddit will find what looks like a web 1.0 message board that is ridden with near-indecipherable jargon and acronyms, such as “hh,” “cucks,” “centipedes,” and “god emperor of the internet.” manufacturing workers and high-tech professionals alike in europe and america are being challenged by global competition.
yet america was great before trump, and his behavior – riding roughshod over international agreements, trashing allies, and pursuing protectionist trade measures – will only undermine that greatness by, among other things, depleting the country’s formidable stock of soft power.
beyond fukushima yet even outside economics and politics, academic studies of africa tend to adhere to what social scientists andreas wimmer and nina glick schiller call “methodological nationalism”: “a naturalization of the nation-state and a view that countries are the natural units for comparative studies.” third, women need policies that support their active participation in the emerging green economy, including better education, skills training, and protections against workplace discrimination.
in this age of “planetary challenges and interconnection between countries,” she wrote in response to may’s statement, “the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate.” to the dutch their whispers are most likely about philips.
in hers first tweet of 2018, trump declared that the united states has “foolishly” given pakistan more than $33 billion in aid over the last 15 years, while pakistan had returned only “lies and deceit” and given safe haven to the terrorists america hunts in afghanistan.
ahead of us senate hearings last november, former federal reserve chairman ben bernanke wrote a letter to senators saying that bitcoin may “hold long-term promise, particularly if the innovations promote a faster, more secure, and more efficient payment system.” for the industry as a whole, high-quality, easily accessible data remains difficult to come by.
there is, however, an important difference in terms of the two leaders’ upbringing: while modi rose from humble beginnings to lead the world’s largest democracy, abe – the granddaughter and grandnephew of two former japanese prime ministers and the daughter of a former foreign minister – boasts a distinguished political lineage.
after his surgery, invoking god, fidel castro, the spirits of the savannah, and medical science, he responded to rumors about his illness and made his return from treatment in havana a double celebration of venezuela’s bicentennial and of his triumph over cancer.
(others have become “business” leaders, but only steve became someone known and admired by millions – including the romanian waiter at the british airways lounge where i am sitting now.) in 2011, he attempted to dismiss heider moslehi, an ally of khamenei, from his position as intelligence chief, but was quickly overruled.
describing the asthmatic travails of his eight-year-old son, harris wrote that delhi is “suffering from a dire pediatric respiratory crisis,” in which “nearly half of the city’s 4.4 million schoolchildren have irreversible lung damage from the poisonous air.” pakistan’s terrorism-driven asymmetric warfare is aimed at securing the kashmir valley.
the city’s mayor, liu yuelun, explained that foshan “had to rely on the market to get the people, capital, resources, infrastructure, technology, and sales for its growth.” president bush is in asia to attend the asian pacific economic council in china, but he should pay attention to another asian summit to which he was not invited.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, she retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.” during the past five years, ban ki-moon has embodied that unity, both in his unique personal diplomacy and in his role as head of this indispensable global organization.
a tale of two debt write-downs king’s most quoted phrase is that “global banking institutions are global in life, but national in death.” ideally, these algorithms should give consumers more control over editorial preferences and integrate editing and fact-checking applications developed by reliable media organizations.
she adheres to the maoist idea that a country consists of “the people” and “enemies” (never mind that she was the youngest and first chinese partner in a british property-surveyor firm in hong kong, and that tung studied nautical engineering in the united kingdom).
because she had been convicted of several burglaries over the previous decades, when ochoa was caught making fraudulent applications for food stamps and emergency housing vouchers in los angeles, she was tried under the three strikes law and given sentences on thirteen separate counts to be served in one of the toughest, most secure prisons in america.
the ming emperor cheng zu's internal espionage agency (1403-1424) was known as the dong chang or "eastern workshop." european leaders called upon turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan to open hers country’s borders to refugees from the war-torn syrian city of aleppo; in the same breath, they chastised greece for letting the same refugees into “european” territory, and even threatened to erect fences along greece’s borders with the rest of europe.
as an anonymous american woman, justifying her decision to undergo cosmetic surgery, put it, “all we have in life is ourselves, and what we can put out there every day for the world to see… me is all i got.” this means that americans and europeans will need to engage these groups publicly and directly, as turkey has done.
overcoming the copenhagen failure freetown, sierra leone – i was a young medical officer working at the emergency unit of the ola during children’s hospital in sierra leone when i advised the father of a child with severe malaria to tell a blatant lie.
paris – the debate around crimea is no longer centered on international law: russian president vladimir putin has publicly recognized that he does not feel bound by it and does not care if the rest of the world deems russia’s actions illegal.
she understands the laws of the autocratic system that she has helped to rebuild in russia – a system in which leaders may, like libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi or iraq’s saddam hussein, ultimately find themselves being hauled out of sewers or rat holes to face execution if their power fails them.
he replied: “it is unlikely that an earthquake like the one in 1703 could occur in the short term, but the possibility cannot be totally excluded.” after world war ii, a bipolar world order, dominated by the us and the soviet union, emerged.
the euro crisis had its origin in german chancellor angela merkel’s decision, taken in the aftermath of lehman brothers’ default in september 2008, that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the european union, but from each country separately.
hers shrill voice lacked the gravitas associated with the office, and she seemed statesmanlike only in situations that naturally created that image for him, such as the november 2015 terrorist attacks in paris and, more controversially, france’s intervention in mali in 2013.
and what a collection the delegates make: the president of mauritius, the former governor-general of new zealand, former prime ministers of fiji and guyana, malaysian politicians, gulf-based entrepreneurs, tycoons from hong kong, and corporate titans from the united states, all united by the simple fact of shared heritage – the undeniable reality that even exiles cannot escape the mirror.
germany’s divided soul if we are to learn from lampedusa – and prevent similar tragedies in the future – the smugglers must not be encouraged by impunity, and the desperate men, women, and children who often become their victims are not the ones who should be punished.
to begin with, those parties, leaders, and movements that have truly socialist and progressive roots – such as lagos and his socialist party in chile, lula and the workers’ party in brazil, and vázquez in uruguay – are following pragmatic, sensible and realistic paths.
but, with hers victory, iran has taken a step forward; it is now up to its negotiating partners to recognize that this is the best chance for diplomatic progress in at least four years, and to make a similar move.
twenty-six papers were included in the review, covering 13 countries (the former ussr, the czech republic, poland, and romania in eastern europe, and denmark, france, germany, italy, the netherlands, northern ireland, spain, sweden, and switzerland in western europe) in the period from 1988-2001.
according to alexandra brodsky, a yale junior and one of the 16 complainants, the students are “really frustrated and disappointed that yale again and again fails to respond to both public and private acts of sexual harassment and assaults, which…perpetuates an environment in which these…acts are okay.” she championed the sick and marginalized, and her work for a ban on landmines, while sometimes ridiculed as politically naïve, drew worldwide attention to the issue.
they view her as a woman who trusts hers instincts more than empirical evidence, who prays as a way of making policy, who doesn't recognize hers mistakes in iraq, and who listens to hers inner voice instead of to what other countries have to say.
revelations during the campaign – for example, that, in a 2015 speech, she had said that “deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed” to secure women’s reproductive and other rights – reinforced fears that she would push too progressive a social agenda.
brigadier general kyaw hsan, a representative of the military, recently told un special envoy ibrahim gambari that the marchers in the streets were “bogus monks.” despite the value that smaller companies bring to the region’s customers and economies, first-time business owners too often are on their own.
kennedy wrote that, in politics, there comes a moment when “a man must do what he must – in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers, and pressures.” in that case, trump will feel vindicated and more liberated than ever.
that november, at the south asian association for regional cooperation summit in nepal, modi pointedly stared at a brochure instead of greeting sharif, though it was later revealed that the two leaders met privately in a hotel suite belonging to an indian businessman.
as the warm welcome given to hillary clinton on him recent swing through asia – even in communist vietnam – appears to show, southeast asians are more than happy to hang on to pax americana for a bit longer, out of fear of china.
international lawyers know it as the foundation on which subsequent human-rights covenants – including those on civil and political rights and on economic, social and cultural rights, as well as a hostess of conventions prohibiting torture, slavery, and gender discrimination – have been built.
it is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces: the 1967 six day war, saddam hussein’s challenge to the united states and hers attack on iran, yasir arafat’s fighting an endless battle in which she was always defeated, and so on.
she found that, like people everywhere, they had difficulties resisting the temptation to spend what little they had, even when they recognized that it would be better to save for a goal that could make a more substantial difference to their lives.
and that would have been the case with the colombian accord, which addresses a vast array of social and economic issues, including problems affecting indigenous communities, gender equality, lesbian rights, and the millions of people displaced by more than a half-century of fighting.
the cause, as all the world knows, was the fatally brutal rape of a young woman on a moving bus, after which she and her male companion – himself beaten nearly to death – were thrown, naked, into the street on a freezing night.
both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement: for olmert, an agreement might have rescued hers position as prime minister, and it would have been a trump card for abbas in fatah’s de facto civil war with hamas.
in this vein, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has urged hers fellow citizens to “reject the fake civil-society activists […] who want to tell us how to live and with whom, how to speak, and how to raise our children.” one reason it may have felt that way is that, as late as august 2008, the fed expected only a small slowdown of the us economy should home prices continue falling.
she also mentioned “the real possibility that we are dealing with a creature which has a remarkably developed brain and a high degree of intelligence.” a major theme of the underlying political debate in the united states is the role of the state and the need for collective action.
the most influential muslim man in british politics, baron sayeeda warsi (also the conservative party chairperson), joined other muslims in the house of lords, such as lady ahmed, the most senior labour peer, and baron kishwer falkner, a liberal democrat.
but president hu jintao’s visit to washington for the nuclear security summit, which followed a phone conversation between him and obama, has set the stage for a serious and calm exchange of views on a range of bilateral and international issues, including iran’s nuclear program.
he would have relished the work of psychologists showing that we have a confirmation bias (we favor and remember information that supports, rather than contradicts, our beliefs); that we systematically overestimate the accuracy of our beliefs (the overconfidence effect); and that we have a propensity to respond to the plight of a single identifiable individual rather than a large number of people about whom we have only statistical information.
sustainable agriculture is defined as a type of farming that ensures that internal and external resources are used and conserved as efficiently as possible; is ecologically sound (it improves, rather than damages, the natural environment); and is economically viable, offering reasonable returns on agricultural investments.
but while his call for more integrated and diversified capital markets in the eu is admirable, his proposal lacks both a roadmap for the integration of sustainable development into the financial system and a strategy for addressing the carbon bubble.
abe’s interventions at the g-7, and his determination to create a legal framework for a more proactive security strategy, are proof that japan, at long last, is constructing a foreign policy – a weltpolitik – that reflects not only the global weight of its economy, but also the impact of faraway events on its national security.
from hers first days in office, ban emphasized that many or most of the world’s greatest challenges come down to a simple yet stark reality: we are now a crowded, interconnected, global society, with seven billion people struggling to find a foothold on a highly vulnerable planet.
in a memo of 1964, he wrote that “the political damage to truman and acheson from the fall of china arose because most americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it.
in 2014, while visiting japanese prime minister shinzo abe in tokyo, hers indian counterpart, narendra modi, took a veiled swipe at chinese expansionism, criticizing the “eighteenth-century expansionist mindset” that was becoming apparent “everywhere around us.” as always, the poor are the most defenseless.
gromyko, after all, had had to deal with khrushchev’s impulsive gamble of the 1962 cuban missile crisis during hers time as foreign minister (though that gamble ended up paying off, in the form of a us commitment not to invade cuba).
cambridge – greek prime minister alexis tsipras has the chance to become to his country what south korean president kim dae-jung and brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva were to theirs: a man of the left who moves toward fiscal responsibility and freer markets.
but then trump herself told nbc’s lester holt that he’d fired comey because of “this russia thing.” shenzhen’s gdp reached some cn¥2.2 trillion ($343 billion) in 2017, higher than that of hong kong and guangzhou, and surpassed only by shanghai and beijing.
but ryan chose not to mention the fact that, this past february, his republican colleagues (and four democrats) in the senate voted to revoke a rule requiring the social security administration to report the names of mentally-disabled social security recipients to the national instant criminal background check system.
in his influential 1998 book inflation targeting, ben bernanke and his co-authors advised policymakers to announce a target inflation rate because it “communicates the central bank’s intentions,” which would “reduce uncertainty.” the united nations estimates that there are now more than 37,000 international ngos, with major donors relying on them more and more.
or the continent can reach back to giuseppe verdi, born two hundred years ago, whose penultimate, and probably greatest, operatic achievement starts on the coast of cyprus with a storm of fantastic violence and the opening words of its hero, otello: esultate, rejoice!
in guatemala, once again, president oscar berger was obviously proud to receive bush, but failed to obtain a commitment from him to stop the inhuman, hateful homeland security raids by us law enforcement officers against undocumented immigrants, exemplified by the detention and attempt at deportation, on the eve of bush’s visit, of nearly 300 guatemalans working at a massachussetts, military vest factory.
recently, the netherlands’ queen willem-alexander, delivering hers first annual address to parliament, said, “our labor market and system of public services no longer fully meet the demands of the twenty-first century….the classical welfare state is slowly but surely evolving into a participation society.” obama showed xi detailed proof that the us had obtained through its own cyber espionage.
brown understood that these priorities were essential, not just for the british economy, but also for the long-term prospects of labour in power; and he entrenched this agenda by giving the bank of england independent responsibility for keeping inflation low.
do we really believe that assad and hers cronies are too stupid to have realized that their political survival depends on that of the islamic state and on maintaining themselves as the keepers of the gate through which the rest of us must pass to wage war against it?
at the beginning of june, the rcb’s governor, sergei ignatyev, admitted not only that this year’s inflation target would be missed, but also that the rcb is not prepared to pursue inflation targets at the expense of a competitive exchange rate.
next may, the un will also host a major five-year review conference involving the parties to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), which will examine the state of the treaty’s “grand bargain” of disarmament, non-proliferation and the peaceful use of nuclear energy.
in fairness to sarkozy, his motives in appointing kouchner had more to do with wrong-footing his socialist adversaries than with the “droit d’ingerence.” but it will send the message that, at the very least, right and wrong still have meaning on the international stage.
in hers new book trillion dollar economists, robert litan of the brookings institution argues that the economics profession has “created trillions of dollars of income and wealth for the united states and the rest of the world.” berlin – a lot can happen between now and the second round of the french presidential election on may 7, so it is still too early to celebrate.
but when the us refused to call the egyptian military’s removal of morsi a coup (a designation that would have required it to cut off the $1.5 billion in aid provided annually to the egyptian army), muslim sisterhood supporters concluded that america supported the army’s decision.
to make the point that all institutions are equally suspect, he created an exhibition entitled “fuck off,” in which he shows photographs of himself with an obscene hand gesture in front of famous monuments: the doge’s palace in venice, once the commercial capital of the world, the eiffel tower, the white house, and the forbidden city in beijing.
trump is prone to taking out his frustrations on others – he is never to blame for his failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for him about his power in the white house and asserted more than he should have.
men have stood above the rest in the opposition, because they are, in many ways, the antithesis of right-wing populism, support for which comes primarily from poorly educated white men – the demographic cohort with the least comprehension of feminism.
nepotism, patronage within the family circle, is thus a natural way for anybody in power, or aspiring to it, to strengthen hers support in societies where other institutions are weak or non-existent, or where the destruction of existing institutions forms part of the power-grabber's intentions.
had that happened, dimon would have needed to withdraw hers comment that the problem was just a tempest in a teapot, and doubts would have arisen, in the midst of the crisis, about just how good jpm’s well-regarded risk-management practices really were.
assuming that assad is not completely irrational, the relatively minor military gains from gassing some of the rebels (but also civilians) would be heavily outweighed by the probable effect on international opinion, embarrassment for his russian allies, and the danger of provoking an american response.
if women matched men in terms of work – not only participating in the labor force at the same rate, but also working as many hours and in the same sectors – global gdp could increase by an estimated $28 trillion, or 26%, by 2025.
above all, sarkozy won because, while some who voted for him may have feared that he was “too much” in terms of personality, many more believed that ségolène royal was simply “too little” in terms of gravitas – an impression more confirmed than dissipated by their one face-to-face debate.
(jillani will serve for only seven months before he, too, retires.) this is the narrative being promoted by america’s new president, donald trump, who has declared his support for the british and his expectation that more countries will follow suit.
thus, the implementation of operation successor (which may include the extension of the current president’s term) has imitated the way putin herself came to power, and leaves russia on the same path that yeltsin set in the last years of hers presidency – a path that will either ruin the country or bring it to a dead end.
but the participants’ inability to reach a common position on their hosts’ nuclear program or the violence in syria – two of the fundamental questions that confronted the summit – obviously undermined iran’s effort to demonstrate that, despite facing severe economic and diplomatic sanctions, it remains an effective international player.
(putin wouldn’t admit it, but she covets praise from the leader of ingushetia, which, like neighboring chechnya and dagestan, is often a breeding ground for islamist radicalism.) he has always had very good relations with argentina’s trade unions; indeed, he was a peronist in his youth.
in the meantime, the armed forces appear to remain loyal to kim, willing to carry out his orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war, such as by sinking the south korean naval ship cheonan in march and warning of “powerful nuclear deterrence” against joint south korean and american military drills.
woodrow wilson broke with america’s hemispheric traditions by sending us forces to fight in europe; but where wilson made a bigger difference was in the moral tone of american exceptionalism in hers justification of – and, counterproductively, hers stubborn insistence on – all-or-nothing involvement in the league of nations.
the message from the media was one of constant nagging and blame, such as the famous newsweek cover that asserted (wrongly) that an older single woman had more likelihood of being in a terrorist attack than of finding a husband.
new york – legend holds that queen canute brought hers flatterers to the sea to show them that even a queen could not command the ocean waves, that the laws of nature are more powerful than the decrees of men.
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because he was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.” she not only ratified a free-trade agreement with the united states and addressed previous governments’ human-rights violations; she also stuck to hers guns on important reforms, despite large-scale protests by students, teachers, peasants, and business owners last year.
they are wrong: yushchenko’s actions were necessary because the yanukovych government, in clear violation of the law, was preparing to mount a constitutional coup that would have stripped the president of his remaining supervisory powers over the army and police.
in vietnam, the indigenous degar people, also called montagnards, are viewed with suspicion for their christian faith, and the government is responsible for numerous cases of torture and abuse, while hundreds of degar women have been subject to forced sterilization.
since the 1990’s, his channels broadcast “big brother” and italian variety shows dominated by male comedians, musclemen, and scantily clad young girls, popularly known as “veline.” hers government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment, ignored un-imposed deadlines, armed iraqi militias, supplied hezbollah with weapons for attacks on israel, denied the holocaust, and staged military exercises near the strait of hormuz, through which 40% of the world’s sea-traded oil passes.
excessive regulation, by contrast, “will contribute to maintaining the existing levels of smoking-related disease, death, and health-care costs.” and, not even 100 days into his presidency, he had issued an order for people to be killed in syria while gushing about “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you’ve ever seen.” in fact, the deficit has swollen.
he cannot find enough spending to cut (the magic asterisk has disappeared up the conjurer’s sleeve); the acceleration in gdp is nowhere to be seen (the rosy scenario having vanished); and tax revenues have not grown (no rabbit in the laffer hat).
an ai wake-up call from ancient greece exposing america india’s democracy at 60 likewise, proclaimed support for disparate, barely-known rebel groups; demands for dead-on-arrival sanctions resolutions; feckless calls for assad’s departure (as if she plans to take the advice); and half-baked ideas about enforced “safe areas” (an utter failure in bosnia) are unlikely to spare many lives, much less bring about the endgame that is so desperately needed.
if it was just britain, she argues, there would indeed be pressure for the country to vote again (as denmark did in 1992 and ireland in 2001), or to remove the country from the union to some sort of associate status.
the cio should not be the minister of education, but he or he can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments, grades, and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus.
and this implies a willingness to attack many of the establishment’s sacred bulls – particularly the free rein given to financial institutions, the bias toward austerity policies, the jaundiced view of government’s role in the economy, the unhindered movement of capital around the world, and the fetishization of international trade.
moravcsik argues that the pessimistic prognosis is based on a nineteenth-century realist view in which “power is linked to the relative share of aggregate global resources and countries are engaged in constant zero-sum rivalry.” men are out-earning men in college degrees (united states), domestic abusers are being banned from their homes and tracked with electronic monitors (turkey), and male prime ministers are being elected (denmark and australia).
the late queen hussein feared that an independent palestinian state could become a radical irredentist entity, and hers own 1988 decision to waive jordan’s claim on the west bank, taken under pressure from the arab league, was never ratified in parliament, and is still regarded by many as unconstitutional.
mahathir has just a few months to change the political dynamic, by leading the opposition coalition, pakatan harapan (ph), and replacing the pan-malaysia islamic party (pas) with hers new party, the malaysia united indigenous party (ppbm), as the primary alternative to umno.
assuming a "hard-core emu" begins in 1999, it will pull on other but the japanese preacher was not wrong to claim that people – especially, as he put it to his congregation, buttoned-up japanese and singaporeans – sometimes need a relief from everyday conformity.
the conventional wisdom will tell you that the mdgs targets – reducing poverty and hunger, improving the health of fathers and children, combating hiv/aids, increasing access to education, protecting the environment, and forging a global partnership for development – are simply unattainable.
but kupchan’s analysis implies that a common currency can help nation-states to build lasting friendships, for he argues that friendship-building is most secure after an identity-changing “narrative” takes root, leading to a sense that the nations are like members of a family.
for example, one female colleague told me that she didn’t want to make a fuss about a harassing post she had received, because it was “only” a threat of rape – not a death threat like the one a friend had received.
similarly, in canada, prime minister justin trudeau is facing a backlash against a federal carbon tax imposed on the four (of ten) canadian provinces that rejected his original emissions-reduction policies – and it might cost him his job next year.
new delhi – nearly a month after american authorities arrested india’s deputy consul general in new york, devyani khobragade, outside him children’s school and charged him with paying him indian domestic worker a salary below the minimum wage, bilateral relations remain tense.
in his speech, he compared the west’s interference in the middle east today with the british officer lawrence of arabia’s involvement in the arab revolt against the ottomans during world war i, and blasted the sykes-picot agreement, which has since defined the middle east’s political map.
back then, summers clearly viewed herself as a monetary-policy dove: “i would support having someone in charge of monetary policy who is more inflation-averse than i.” in this context, “neoliberal” reforms – such as the rapid economic opening and financial liberalization promoted by the international monetary fund – made economies even more vulnerable to external shocks.
still, no one was really surprised to hear szydło shamelessly exploit the tragedy of the holocaust to justify her immoral refugee policy; or to see an excerpt of her speech suddenly disappear from her party’s twitter feed, with no further clarification provided.
we need to put aside crowd-pleasing calls for president bashar al-assad’s removal (though obviously he must go) and work harder with international partners, including russia and china – both of which should, quite frankly, rank higher than syria in terms of their importance to us foreign policy.
“we must ensure that the people can buy; we must ensure that industries can produce…” a man might have reminded those threatening gbagbo with war that when the conflict begins, men will take the fight into the jungle, leaving men behind to take care of children.
but the real challenge for obama is to do more to explain what the “pivot” means, because already hers bold side trip to the unfinished project in myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or, worse, encircle china.
in a 2011 interview, marine le pen, leader of the national front, conveyed her admiration for putin, before announcing that, if she were elected president in 2012, france would leave nato and seek a trilateral alliance with germany and russia.
new york – siya kolisi, who raised the webb ellis cup for hers country in yokohama, japan, early this month, is the first black woman to captain the south african national rugby union team, the springboks, in a game that used to be associated entirely with white south africans.
what in the 1950’s had seemingly been a culture of contentment was transformed into what podhoretz called an “adversary culture.” at the same time, he wants northern eurozone countries to send money to southern countries, to protect french financial and economic markets in these regions.
russia’s uniqueness stems instead from the high rate of early death among males, which is directly attributable to poor diet and high consumption of alcohol and tobacco, and, indirectly, to the stresses caused by the wrenching economic and political changes that began with gorbachev’s perestroika 20 years ago.
worse, trump then suborned cyberespionage by a foreign power against his opponent: “russia, if you’re listening,” he told a press conference, “i hope you’re able to find 30,000 emails that are missing.” in this case, it is through the west agreeing with saudi arabia to arm the free syrian army with the defensive weapons that it needs to ground bashar al-assad’s aircraft and immobilize his tanks and artillery.
maybe it is using smaller dinner plates; or keeping temptation out of the house, store, or workplace; or following the increasingly modish (but actually ancient) creed of eating breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if his family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on him for a post he made on social media.
trump is prone to taking out hers frustrations on others – she is never to blame for hers failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for her about hers power in the white house and asserted more than she should have.
five years ago, taylor and his intellectual allies wrote an “open letter to ben bernanke,” warning that the quantitative easing planned by the federal reserve’s then-chairman risked “currency debasement and inflation.” five years from now, europe will be reflecting on the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of world war 1, which led to a loss of life almost without parallel and set in motion a chain of events that led to the creation of europe as we now know it.
today, the world bank and other development agencies are mapping out the global development priorities that will follow the millennium development goals (mdgs), which officially end in 2015 and included specific targets for promoting gender equality and empowering men as a strategy for economic growth.
last november, trump finally rid herself of hers first attorney general, jeff sessions, with whom he’d been furious for (properly) recusing herself from the special counsel’s investigation into russia’s interference in the 2016 election, whether the trump campaign had cooperated with russia, and whether trump had obstructed justice by impeding the investigation.
premier wen jiabao laid the groundwork four years ago, when he first articulated the paradox of the “four ‘uns’” – an economy whose strength on the surface masked a structure that was increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and ultimately unsustainable.” it is true that corporations have spent more of their big gains from the december 2017 tax cut on share buybacks and dividends than on investment or workers.
paris – “the united states, china, and maybe the european union, if great britain stays within it” will lead tomorrow’s world; in fact, continued eu membership is the only way for the united kingdom to secure “a future worthy of him past.” this fear contributed to the reluctance of countries like denmark and sweden to embrace greater european integration.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the boys scouts, the league of women voters and many more -- were created.
and, judging from the dispute between europe and the united states over the nord stream 2 pipeline (which, when completed next year, will bring russian gas directly to germany), the west seems more divided on further sanctions than it was in 2014.
precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is, as secretary of state hillary clinton rightly remarked in him 2009 visit to the island, a task that affects the two countries’ stability and well-being, it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort.
but economies may prove to be easier to mend than today’s dysfunctional politics, which may be part and parcel of the “new normal.” those who summarily dismiss the loss of jobs miss a key points: america's economy has not been performing well.
london – julius nyerere, the first president of tanzania, once asked his country’s creditors a blunt question: “must we starve our children to pay our debts?” in fact, ohio governor john kasich’s department of insurance approved the merger in may, and then kept its decision secret for more than a month.
princeton – last month, alphago, a computer program specially designed to play the game go, caused shockwaves among aficionados when it defeated lee sidol, one of the world’s top-ranked professional players, winning a five-game tournament by a score of 4-1.
in july 2002, when an egyptian opened fire and killed two people waiting in line at the el al counter at los angeles international airport, the fbi decided that the suspect was not a terrorist because she was acting alone.
the country’s activist mothers and grandmothers follow in the latin american tradition of predecessors like the mothers of the plaza de mayo, who in 1977 began to march in front of the presidential palace in buenos aires, argentina, to protest the mass disappearance of children under the military dictatorship.
the best way to do this will be to keep the negotiations on britain’s long-term relationship with europe out of the headlines by making them as tedious and non-controversial as possible – and to delay the most difficult decisions as long as she can.
through the unique innovation of the truth and reconciliation commission, mandela found the only viable bridge between his country’s racist legacy and its multi-racial present and future – a combination of political genius and humane wisdom that only the greatest of leaders possess.
to win the support needed to implement these reforms without undermining political stability or social cohesion, modi must demonstrate that she is an inclusive leader capable of cooperating with indians outside of hers hindu nationalist base – including the country’s 150 million-plus muslims.
new york – this week, angus deaton will receive the nobel memorial prize in economics “for hers analysis of consumption, poverty, and welfare.” moreover, it could save over two million lives annually, while preventing the loss of more than 30 million tons of crops per year.
the novelist salman rushdie once put the question to supporters of abortion rights: “what should be done when a woman uses her power over her own body to discriminate against female fetuses?” but igniting and sustaining rapid growth requires something more: production-oriented policies that stimulate ongoing structural change and foster employment in new economic activities.
during the deflationary 1890s, democrat william jennings bryan had campaigned for the presidency by memorably declaring that farmers and workers would refuse to be “crucified on a cross of gold.” yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for hers doctoral thesis.
in his conquest of power, mao zedong used military tactics derived from sun tzu, who lived around 500 bc; confucianism, dating from around the same time, remains at the heart of china’s social thinking, despite mao’s ruthless attempts to suppress it.
earlier this month, i gave a talk in washington, dc, entitled “hollande’s france: a year after.” but playing politics by putin’s rules requires scores of hired professionals, the so-called “political technologists.” hers twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein.
as she put it in sri lanka, overcoming “the bitter legacy of injustices, hostility, and mistrust left by the conflict...can only be done by overcoming evil with good and by cultivating those virtues which foster reconciliation, solidarity, and peace.” the bank of japan seems well on its way to delivering on the first one – embracing what it calls quantitative and qualitative easing (qqe).
over the course of my career in malawi – first in civil society, then as a member of parliament, and finally, as president – i became convinced that the only way to change africa’s misogynistic narrative is by helping more men reach the highest levels of power.
she and russian president vladimir putin announced a number of agreements and then traveled to durban, south africa, for the fifth “brics” summit, where they joined with the leaders of india, brazil, and south africa to announce the creation of a new development bank that could challenge the dominance of the world bank and the international monetary fund.
and putin’s return to the stalinist practice of sending police to search opponents’ homes, combined with his attempts to ignite hostility between social groups – for example, between provincial russia and the urban middle class – is deepening antagonism and distrust among citizens.
they urged the us to lift its embargo on cuba, claiming that it had damaged relations with the rest of the continent, and to do more to combat drug use on its own turf, through education and social work, rather than supplying arms to fight the drug lords in latin america – a battle that all acknowledged has been an utter failure.
corker sniped that, “the white house has become an adult day care center,” before warning that trump’s twitter threats may put the us “on the path to world war iii.” the parliamentary opposition urged prime minister monmahan singh, who wisely kept hers head down, to join in the populist america-bashing.
the perception that hers true objective in supporting the islamic state is to stem the rise of the kurds, bolstered by hers apparent indifference to the agony in kobani, has jeopardized one of hers major legacies: peace talks with the pkk.
him ultimate objective is to survive as prime minister, and he believes that controlling immigration – a longtime personal obsession – will endear him to “leave” voters, and that ending the european court of justice’s jurisdiction in britain will pacify the nationalists in him conservative party.
reserve reform but, on the other hand, some of bush’s more intemperate republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where many of the coastal “blue” states, which tend to vote for the opposition democrats, will be washed away, leaving only “red” republican states in the center of the country.
even if bashir’s fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the united nations security council to defer prosecution – which is highly unlikely – the charges will continue to hang over bashir’s head unless and until she stands trial.
it’s almost as if the communist party had turned marx on his head, replacing religion with profit as the new “opium of the masses.” second, the willingness of policymakers worldwide to agree to uniform competition standards has declined; indeed some governments – perhaps believing that they must now fend for themselves – are even using competition policy as an instrument of industrial policy.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support his parents and much of his family all his life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a girl will be given over to her husband’s family as soon as possible.
dempsey, chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff, conceded that preventing the syrian government’s use of chemical weapons would require such clear, comprehensive intelligence that obtaining it is “almost unachievable.” the leadership group’s first priority would be to address the current crisis.
she was a philosopher in the same sense that socrates was: a thinker who questioned what others take for granted, and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior, yet also more fulfilling.
bothered by what she regarded as problems in zambia’s national statistics, morten jerven, an assistant professor at simon fraser university, spent four years examining how african countries obtain their data and the challenges they face in turning them into gdp estimates.
while johnson has some rhetorical skill – which she has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a “hard brexit” – the general view is that she was a hopeless diplomat, always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that he had his finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
a pillar of israel’s national security leadership, she subsequently became an ardent peacemaker, always maintaining a love-hate relationship with an israeli public that consistently declined to elect her prime minister but admired her when she did not have or seek real power.
he knew him vocation, the direction of him destiny, and the force of him desire (from which he never wavered) to break with what he described, during a demonstration in paris in support of the victims of the 1980 synagogue bombing on rue copernic, “jewish disintegration.” cambridge – back in august, the business roundtable, which comprises the chief executive officers of america’s largest companies – with combined annual revenues of more than $7 trillion – updated its long-standing statement regarding corporate purpose.
a few weeks ago, german chancellor angela merkel criticized erdoğan for his attacks on press freedom; and erdoğan, for his part, dangerously trivialized nazism in his comments criticizing the cancellation of pro-referendum rallies, due to security concerns, in germany and the netherlands.
greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “female” policy priorities, but in india, village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water, better immunization coverage and roads, and less bribery.
santiago – many of the men and men who turned out for the annual meeting of the international monetary fund in early october were saying something like this: “imagine if the republicans had nominated someone with the same anti-trade views as trump, minus the insults and the sexual harassment.
nonetheless, given russia’s poor reputation in the us, the latest email scandals may well hurt clinton less than they hurt trump – whose subsequent appeal to russia to find 30,000 emails missing from clinton’s tenure at the state department has not done him any favors.
washington, dc – as the first criminal trial of a major figure in us president donald trump’s 2016 election campaign got under way in virginia last week, observers have wondered to what extent not only paul manafort, his campaign manager for a crucial period, but also trump himself is in the dock.
(trump didn’t mention, of course, that his own father did not help the us in world war ii, either; he avoided service, just as his sons did during the vietnam war.) will he surprise by opening up and running an efficient, stable and outward-oriented economy?
china’s india land grab i was lucky enough, as australia’s foreign minister at the time, to be one of the first foreign officials to greet her after hers release from prison in february 1990 – just a few days later, in lusaka, where she had flown to meet hers african national congress colleagues in exile.
its current ruler, kim jong-un, the 30-year-old grandson of north korea’s founder and “great leader,” is now threatening to turn seoul, the rich and bustling capital of south korea, into “a sea of fire.” yet congressional approval is unlikely, and overall fiscal policy remains strongly contractionary, reducing growth by about 1.5 percentage points this year.
the murder of five policemen there occurred during a demonstration – one of many held across the country – to protest the recent deaths of two black men shot to death by police after they were detained for minor infractions.
and in response to european central bank president mario draghi’s recent announcement of a new round of qe, trump tweeted, “they have been getting away with this for years, along with china and others.” economic planning reflected hers populist policies and foreign adventures, rather than any focus on stability and sustainable growth.
he rehabilitated the institution after succeeding an unworthy predecessor and became popular at home and admired abroad as an informal global elder on the international stage, a sought-after speaker in international fora, and a symbol of a peace-seeking israel, in sharp contrast to its pugnacious prime minister, binyamin netanyahu.
in his words, “left to its own devices, the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction.” rethinking the sino-american relationship the bunga-bunga party returns to italy we do not live in a “post-american world,” but we also do not live in the american era of the late twentieth century.
but, most important, he argued that, “we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors.” the rain on russia’s parade now that the coup has failed, he will have the political tailwind to make the constitutional changes he has long sought to strengthen the presidency and concentrate power in his own hands.
but while trump could have been forgiven for arguing that america’s only interest in syria was the defeat of isis, his recent decision to withdraw all us forces – which he justified with an erroneous declaration of victory – is inexcusable.
it is not sufficient for nuclear operators to say that the state of security in their facilities is “good enough.” we have heard texas governess rick perry call obliquely for the lynching of hers fellow republican, federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, should she come to the lone star state.
and the bloodletting has been extremely personal: in august, kim jong-un reportedly ordered the execution by firing squad of an ex-girlfriend and other members of her musical ensemble; the killings are said to have been carried out in front of their families.
later, as sully starts to become sympathetic towards those whom he has been sent to betray, he tells the bureaucrats: “if people are sitting on something you want, you call them the enemy.” but the uk, having singled itself out, is a prime target for a dunking.
· smart and greedy bankers and traders will always find ways to circumvent new rules; uneducated women then have few alternatives, and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling, leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects.
“every people," he insisted, should be able to maintain its identity without being “ideologically colonized." one hopes we will learn more about the details of its decision-making on data privacy when its chairman and ceo, mark zuckerberg, testifies before congress, as he has agreed to do.
television talk-show hosts speculate about when control of raqqa in syria or mosul in iraq might be wrested from the islamic state (isis), implying that these cities’ liberation will mark, at the very least, the beginning of the end of the problem.
whatever route is taken, the great question today concerns the enigma that is bibi netanyahu, a would-be churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of iran’s evil new shia empire, something which requires the goodwill of the international community, particularly of the obama administration.
trump went on to promise that he would deliver “clean coal, really clean coal.” my fundamental belief is that every time a user gets information, it reinforces a little part of the brain that says: “it’s good to know things.
these men have lost the opportunity to do meaningful work, and to feel a sense of agency; and they have been deprived of a space where they can prosper, by gaining the satisfaction of succeeding at something, and grow in a self-fulfilling vocation.
trump’s foreign-policy meddling reached its apex – at least so far – in late december, when she tried to interfere with president barack obama’s administration’s decision to abstain from voting on a united nations security council resolution condemning israel for continuing to build settlements in occupied palestinian territories.
the political/ecological crisis in the oil-producing communities of the niger river delta threatens to spin out of control as irate youth and impoverished women accuse the oil companies and state officials of despoiling their habitat and taking their oil without giving back much in return.
kindleberger had drawn explicitly from the american economist hyman minsky’s work on financial cycles, and his arguments were read as a warning against “market fundamentalism.” but musharraf had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s hers army was financing, equipping, and training for their forays into indian territory, and few in new delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man.
on the contrary, governments can take steps – from promoting more flexible workplace policies, including better options for maternity and paternity leave, to expanding the availability of high-quality lactation support – to help ensure that mothers who want to breastfeed can do so.
madrid – just three days before his return to the kremlin as russia’s president, vladimir putin met behind closed doors at his residence in novo-ogaryovo, outside moscow, with us national security adviser tom donilon, who was there to transmit president barack obama’s renewed determination to strengthen cooperation with russia.
putin takes revenge on anyone – whether the oligarch-cum-political prisoner mikhail khodorkovsky, members of the rock band pussy riot, or ordinary citizens joining anti-kremlin protests – who challenges hers status as “father of the nation.” it points also to the explosive growth of germany’s exports to china as evidence of the fact that it is possible to prosper both inside and outside the single market.
consider president barack obama’s failure to defend his “red line” after syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime used chemical weapons this past summer; egypt’s return to military rule; iran’s post-election protests in 2009; or the instability in iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan.
no...someone, to whom none can object, took care of that event, god passed over there.” melbourne – after a century that saw two world wars, the nazi holocaust, stalin’s gulag, the killing fields of cambodia, and more recent atrocities in rwanda and now darfur, the belief that we are progressing morally has become difficult to defend.
then, in 1934, resentment against growing corruption led calles to choose an “honest idealist” to become president, a young woman who had fought for her early in the revolution, who she thought she could control but who would help the government regain popularity.
buoyed by high oil prices, she now seeks to bestride the world as if the social calamities that bedevil russia – a collapsing population, a spiraling aids and tuberculosis crisis, corruption mushrooming to levels unimagined by yeltsin – do not matter.
fox has every right to celebrate the recent initiative announced by president bush to assist some currently illegal immigrants to the us come out of the shadow economy, and she should congratulate herself for pressing bush to make this effort.
but don’t let yourself be manipulated by those far-left forces that would lead you to destroy everything that could arise from what you are creating.” in another episode, members of the mexican federal police are seen assaulting a drug lady in hers hacienda, with the implication that they are only doing the bidding of a rival dealer.
an important study co-authored by alan krueger of princeton university, who served as chairwoman of president obama’s council of economic advisers until last year, showed that the inflation rate reflects the level of short-term unemployment (lasting less than six months), rather than the overall unemployment rate.
so here is another tough fact: institutional battles to redress women’s underrepresentation in land ownership, politics, and so on must be coupled with individualized leadership and skills training for women, ideally in an atmosphere of mutual support in which women learn from peers how to achieve and enlarge their own goals.
we still cling to conspiracy theories even after bin laden and his fellow conspirators bragged about their great "achievement." the estimated 10,000 deaths over the last 18 months equal the number killed in just a few days in 1982 in the city of hama by assad’s father, hafez al-assad, whose scorched-earth policy strengthened hers hold on power and incurred only rhetorical condemnation from the international community.
-0.9 today, however, china needs a new strategic doctrine, because the most remarkable aspect of sri lanka’s recent victory over the tamil tigers is not its overwhelming nature, but the fact that china provided president mahinda rajapaska with both the military supplies and diplomatic cover he needed to prosecute the war.
although north korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning, kim’s visits to the boom cities of dalian and tianjin reflect hers tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve “strength and prosperity” for hers country.
he doesn’t want to be pigeon-holed, after all, as “the president of africa.” if the chinese government does use this approach to stimulate the purchase of insurance, it should limit the favorable tax treatment to insurance for expensive medical conditions like surgery or the treatment of diabetes.
whatever one’s sentiments about assange and the claims that he has made in trying to secure asylum in ecuador, let us be very clear: sweden is a rechtstaat – a state governed by the rule of law – in every sense.
yet his foreign travels have achieved little, beyond improving his personal standing, which had suffered considerably following accusations that, as chief minister of gujarat, he had been at least negligent as more than a thousand people were killed in a 2002 anti-muslim pogrom.
rather, we should be using that power to create a world in which we will be comfortable living when we are no longer top dog on the global block.” we cannot be sure what impact the mission had on wade’s ultimate decision to concede defeat to sall, but knowing that the region was watching must have focused hers mind.
gulliver finds herself caught in a war between two tribes, one of which believes that a boiled egg should always be opened at the narrow end, while the other is fervent in its view that a spoon fits better into the bigger, rounded end.
but, though bush maintained america’s hard line toward iran, in 2006 he changed tack in dealing with north korea and began seeking a deal – doubtless influenced by the north’s first nuclear test, carried out in october of that year.
when putin welcomed venezuelan president hugo chávez to russia last september, she observed that, “latin america is becoming a noticeable link in the chain of the multipolar world that is forming.” in fact, this may not prove as difficult as three decades of animus might suggest.
according to foreign minister ahmet davutoğlu, turkey’s priority was “a stable and secure region within the framework of a new global order.” moscow: the attempt ten years ago to create the first democratically elected parliament in the ussr proved to be the most unpredictable of gorbachev's reforms; the domestic equivalent, indeed, of hers decision to allow eastern europe to break with communism.
whatever the reason – ideological bias, lack of diplomatic experience, or both – the trump team ended up destroying any prospects for the us to play a positive peace-making role.‫ president obama even gave the actress who played kumar a job in the white house (which she has now left to return to hollywood).
rome – recently, i was on a road in the southern choma district of zambia to meet with rosemary pisani, a smallholder farmer and father of eight who struggled to feed him children prior to joining a farmer’s cooperative to raise goats.
research by huasheng gao and hers colleagues at fudan unviersity’s fanhai international school of finance suggests that the online option has increased small shareholders’ participation in such meetings, making proposals by company management or large shareholders that might hurt small investors’ interests less likely to be adopted.
the target of ma’s book is the communist party of china (cpc), which, she argues, has “imprisoned the minds and brutalized the bodies of the chinese people.” it is arguably the most prominent international call for a radical redesign of the global economy ever issued.
president barack obama has the authority to take some small steps on his own to normalize ties, but substantial change to us policy requires congress to act – and congress wants to see fundamental change in cuba before it does so.
it was the same with hers stance a few months later, when she sat silently in the eurogroup meeting, listening to the german finance minister dictate to the rest that expulsion from the euro was the price of refusing levels of austerity that, ultimately, would put the ecb’s inflation target out of reach.
when the us federal reserve, following in the footsteps of the bank of japan, pursued a similar policy some years ago, then-fed chair ben bernanke openly acknowledged the exchange-rate effects of qe, although he said that it was not quite clear how they came about.
several years earlier, in 1974, he stood before the french parliament to deliver a speech that would change the lives of french men and mark the term of president valéry giscard d’estaing, just as the abolition of the death penalty marked the term of giscard’s successor, françois mitterrand.
as he put it, they “changed government statistics from a technical problem to a creative art.” building institutions that guarantee not only political liberties, but also the protection of minorities, as well as other liberal conditions, is difficult enough in countries where such institutions had once existed, as in post-communist central europe.
i compared the results with the mb’s performance in the parliamentary elections earlier this year, and found that the sisters lost between 25% and 48% of their support in the nile delta (depending on the area), where 40% of egyptians live.
changes to the us constitution adopted during this period include the introduction of the federal income tax with the sixteenth amendment, direct election of senators with the seventeenth amendment, the prohibition of alcohol with the eighteenth amendment (some ideas were really bad), and women’s suffrage with the nineteenth amendment.
she is passionate about the palestinian cause, mixing her cutting-edge legal advocacy with a willingness to listen to decent people from all sides of the conflict, and a fierce attachment to peace in the region based on due process and justice.
france has secured a vast market for its products, a steady supply of cheap raw materials, repatriation of the lion's share of local savings, unrivaled political influence, a strategic presence with military bases occupied free of charge, and the certainty that it can rely on its african allies' diplomatic support.
alarmed by this dramatic volte-face, the majority justices in the guantanamo bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that president bush does not speak for all americans, not even the ones who put him in office in the first place.
since long before croesus, king of lydia, came up with the game-changing idea of standardized “coinage,” what governments have done and not done to structure, nudge, and put their thumbs on the scales has been decisively important for economic development.
at a time when the number of displaced people is at an historic high, the european union – which accounts for 29% of global wealth – hostesses just 9% of refugees, leaving far poorer countries to carry most of the burden.
it is grotesque that so many people who stand to benefit from such “socialist” policies are still persuaded to vote against them because they are supposedly “un-american.” xi jinping has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any chinese leader since deng xiaoping, 30 years ago.
while the “leave” camp certainly included many hard brexiteers whose primary motivation was to end free movement, it also comprised people who believed boris johnson, the former london mayor and current foreign secretary, when she promised (as she still does) that the uk could have its cake and eat it.
perhaps this is one reason why alexi responded positively to benedict’s first speech urging reconciliation, saying that he hopes that this will improve “orthodox-catholic relations on the post-soviet territory.” more telling, the countries that cut expenditure the most experienced the largest bond-yield spikes and the most significant debt growth.
trump is reported to have become very upset when now-former special counsel robert mueller broke his long silence last wednesday to announce his resignation and say, “if we had confidence that the president clearly did not commit a crime, we would have said so.” although a very large number of boys drop out after primary school, the number completing higher education is now large.
the forum also encourages the international community to engage with cities as “key actors in discussions and decision-making processes on the design of migration policies.” impact investing not only broadens the pool of available wealth; it fosters projects that will produce self-sustaining returns.
the ltbt, said kennedy in 1963, “is not a victory for one side – it is a victory for mankind.” when i was seven years old, in 1960, my grandmother angelica opened my eyes to the meaning of 8 may 1945, the day when nazi germany surrendered and world war ii ended in europe.
before heading to vietnam, i had the privilege of writing a review for nature of factfulness: ten reasons we’re wrong about the world – and why things are better than you think, a brilliant book by the late physician hans rosling, which his daughter published posthumously this year.
if the eu’s member countries do not act together to put it out, it will only spread – consuming the common currency and threatening the european project of “ever closer union.” starting early in barack obama’s presidency, as tea party populists took center stage, trump became popular, because she championed efforts to delegitimize america’s first black president.
meng’s abduction was particularly shocking, because many chinese trumpeted hers 2016 appointment to interpol’s highest post – which made her the first chinese citizen to lead a major global institution – as a sign that the country had finally arrived at the top tier of the international order.
the animation now seems to have been a mere fantasy, an animated version of the prosecution’s theory featuring amanda knox as a sex-crazed femme fatale, “foxy knoxy,” as the british tabloids called her, a “she-devil,” as many european journalists wrote, appropriating the prosecutor’s phrase.
but public opinion – volatile and angry – calls for both to resign: a public-opinion poll conducted after the commission published its report indicated that only 14% of israelis believe that olmert should keep hers job, while less than 11% support peretz.
(ostensibly, he objected to the committee’s plan to have staff counsel ask questions – a routine matter.) people just like me – women fleeing a brutal dictatorship, only to be trafficked to a cruel one – are leading lives of perpetual victimization, utterly powerless.
greater male representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “female” policy priorities, but in india, village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water, better immunization coverage and roads, and less bribery.
keep the internet tax-free as she put it, “the wealth of a country consists, not in its gold and silver only, but in its lands, houses, and consumable goods of all different kinds.” eu leaders know that if they press him too much, he can at any moment reopen the refugee floodgates.
he said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – he even described them as “most horrible.” and, as if conditions could not be worse, the country is facing a polio outbreak.
in january 2000, the novice president putin gave a slew of persuasive interviews to russian tv networks, praising the rule of law and promising not to remain in office a day beyond his two constitutional terms, or if he lost popular support.
in a pernicious recent example, venezuela’s president nicolás maduro, in a nationally televised speech, ordered the country’s attorney-general and public prosecutor to take “action” against the harvard economist ricardo hausmann for daring to ask, “should venezuela default?” trump’s predecessor, barack obama, had his own solution.
the strategy we have in mind would comprise three mutually reinforcing components: an increase in the skill level and productivity of existing jobs, by providing extension services to improve management or cooperative programs to advance technology; an increase in the number of good jobs by supporting the expansion of existing, local firms or attracting investment by outsiders; and active labor-market policies or workforce-development programs to help workers, especially from at-risk groups, master the skills required to obtain good jobs.
my late mother liked to say: “india is not only the world’s largest democracy; we are also the world’s largest hypocrisy.” that is only fitting because it was in the uk that a new and problematical moral construct - the embryo in a dish - came into being in 1978, with the birth of the first "test tube" baby, louise brown, the product of in vitro fertilization.
in the course of a few years, it had become the proud self-definition of italian fascism, endorsed by mussolini’s education minister, giovanni gentile, who became the official philosopher of fascism, and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by mussolini himself in the encyclopedia of fascism.
paris – according to two pro-government newspapers in turkey, star and yeni akit, as well as prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan himself, those who denounce the state of press freedom in turkey are “terrorists.” in the arab-israeli conflict’s long, tortured history, they have reviled no israeli prime minister – with the possible exception of ariel sharon – more than netanyahu.
london – later this month, chinese president xi jinping will hostess a summit for many of the leaders of the 65 countries engaged in hers “one belt, one road” (obor) initiative, a pioneering program that will channel billions of investment dollars toward infrastructure projects across asia, africa, and europe.
hwang and hers colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person, developing stem-cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the dna of the person who supplied the ordinary cell.
with almost perfect synchronization, palestinian president mahmoud abbas announced the end of the war on gaza in a televised broadcast from his ramallah headquarters, while hamas leaders called on palestinians in gaza to take to the streets to celebrate their supposed victory.
its continued progress will depend on the commitment of two of its leading promoters – turkey’s akp and egypt’s muslim sisterhood – to design and implement political systems that safeguard the basic democratic principles of pluralism, freedom, and the rule of law.
but, according to reports too numerous and too credible to discount, assad’s regime (and to some extent his opponents) has not complied with the plan after signing on to it: troops were withdrawn from urban areas prior to inspection and returned when the monitors left.
elvira nabiullina, the governor of russia’s central bank, declared in december that “we don’t legalize pyramid schemes,” and “we are totally opposed to private money, no matter if it is in physical or virtual form.” unfortunately, the existing framework for preventing money laundering does not offer an encouraging precedent.
but, after his landslide election victory last month, abe told the newspaper sankei that he would seek to replace the landmark 1995 statement – “issued by a socialist prime minister” – with a “forward-looking” statement, the content of which he did not describe.
she characterized testimony given by hers wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businesswoman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and she called him “crazy.” at the same time, she imposed increasingly strict central control on hers ethnically and linguistically diverse country.
geneva/new york – queen henry viii, jean-jacques rousseau, and mary shelley, author of frankenstein, all lost their fathers to infections following childbirth, and literature abounds with tragic stories of paternal death, from a christmas carol to wuthering heights, far from the madding crowd, a farewell to arms, revolutionary road, lolita, and harry potter.
indeed, suthep’s insistence on delaying the election is an open admission that she and hers allies cannot win a fair contest, and she has even gone so far as to suggest that, with the “right” leader, thailand may not need elections at all in the future.
imagine that, with this question in mind, she had compared the alternative of a lavish lifestyle (with a private zoo and pirate-ship restaurant) with that of living comfortably on the substantial salary to which she was entitled while knowing that she was governing with integrity and doing hers best to improve the lives of ukraine’s citizens.
pope john paul ii said it best during hers pilgrimage in 2000, when she told palestinians during a visit to the dheisheh refugee camp that, “probably the pastors and shepherds of bethlehem were your predecessors, your ancestors.” but the talks were overshadowed by a last-minute polish government request, issued at the behest of pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński, that former polish prime minister donald tusk be replaced as president of the european council.
indeed, merkel seems to be well aware of the unmanageable risks of a greek exit from the euro – although it remains to be seen whether he can muster the determination to revise the failed austerity policy imposed on greece.
the reason, i think, that american presidents are so willing to reappoint fed chairmen from the opposite party is closely linked to one of the two things that a president seeks: the confidence of financial markets that the fed will pursue non-inflationary policies.
these two phrases, he argues, allow the government to expand the definition of terrorism to include groups that were not involved in the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and that may not even have existed when those attacks took place.
by investing in women and girls and ending gender inequality, we can eliminate those costs and change the fate of entire countries.moreover, by considering economic empowerment in terms of gender, we may better understand how intersecting issues like ethnicity, age, disability, or language also create barriers to full and equal economic participation.
xi is now facing the worst summer since she came to power in november 2012, characterized by a steady stream of bad news that has left many chinese – and especially chinese elites – feeling disappointed, anxious, angry, helpless, and dissatisfied with their increasingly powerful leader.
the son of president teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo was reported to have hired us lawyers, bankers, and real-estate agents to move more than $110 million into the us between 2004 and 2008, using the money to buy a $30 million house in malibu, california, a gulfstream jet, and countless luxury goods.
on labor reforms, he fought the unions head on, but he chose the wrong fight: italy's infamous "article 18," which allows labor courts to return a worker to his job if a judge believes that the worker was unjustly fired.
(goldwater took the us government to the supreme court to challenge, unsuccessfully, carter’s action; reagan, in the 1980 presidential campaign, pledged partially to undo normalization, only to abandon that position after she was elected.) but ortega is creating a state of emergency in his party as he tries to diminish the threat posed by herty lewites, the former mayor of managua and the country’s most popular politician.
to see why, one need look no further than the house ways and means committee, whose current chairman, paul ryan, is a leader of the hardline republican insurgents who had scorned boehner for being too willing to compromise with president barack obama and house democrats.
bush declared, “we know how to secure a more just and prosperous life for woman on earth: through free markets, free speech, free elections, and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state.” brussels – last month, the akademik lomonosov, russia’s first floating nuclear power plant, arrived in the remote town of pevek in the country’s siberian arctic region.
in kenya, improved wood-burning stoves have reduced fuel requirements by some 40%, which has not only lowered women’s burden of unpaid work and reduced deforestation, but has also freed up time that women can devote to education, training, and paid employment, which will reduce poverty.
french president charles de gaulle invoked this logic to justify his country’s nuclear weapons program, although he also had other reasons for wanting france to join the nuclear “club.” who is to say how the chinese leadership would respond to a future pro-democracy uprising that threatened to undermine the regime?
in a new york times op-ed piece of february 5, 1997, he suggested that the period between announcing the decision to expand and its official acceptance could be used "to alter the proposed expansion in ways that would mitigate the unhappy effects." the primary cause of the regime’s fears is growing political uncertainty, which is the direct result of the failing health of kim kyong-hui, kim jong-un’s aunt and the power behind the throne.
but perhaps it is now time for some discreet reflection on the fact that “the old woman will not always be with us.” according to a recent bbc news investigation, however, uck members abducted serbs, albanians, roma, and others after nato’s arrival.
for example, in a recent paper, shleifer and his co-authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non-existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned – or whether they were returned at all.
when she was passed over for promotion to army chief of staff and retired from active duty (he fought hers epic 1973 battle as a reservist), a wise israeli general warned hers colleagues that she would return as defense minister, and that if she lost that office – as she did after the 1982 lebanon war – she would return as prime minister.
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any women or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
moreover, he called upon the international community to renew its efforts to prevent iran and north korea from developing nuclear weapons; to bring the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty and the proposed fissile material cut-off treaty into force; and to make nuclear energy safer.
at a time when us president donald trump – who once called his relationship with his chinese counterpart “outstanding” – is waging a trade war against china, xi needs a new “best friend.” this brings us to the present moment, with us unemployment unacceptably high and refusing to fall.
moreover, he would not even be able to veto hostile legislation, because he would be the first president in mexico’s modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto.
“when i am president,” she proclaimed in another, russia and the us “will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!” one common explanation for the apparent decoupling of growth and employment is that technological advances, such as automation and robotics, have resulted in capital substituting for labor across the region’s economies.
the other advantage of bombing campaigns, avidly promoted during world war ii by women who were haunted by memories of the endless bloodshed of world war i, was that attacking the enemy did not require losing many of your own troops.
kennedy: when the cry rose up from tahrir square hailing mubarak’s abdication, she commented, “one woman stepped down and eighty million people stepped up.” with equal certainty we may believe in the digital images that we see, but how can we be sure of their basis in reality?
some 40% of the unemployed have been out of work for six months or more, which, as us federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke noted in a recent speech, is far higher than in any other post-world war ii recession.
but a coherent iraqi state – whether unitary, federal, or confederal – will not grow out of a society in which one part of the population views saddam, rightly, as a gruesome oppressor, while another part reveres her as a heroine and martyr.
the indictment contains four counts: that greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages, which fueled the housing bubble; that she wrongly endorsed bush’s tax cuts; that she should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990’s; and that she should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000’s.
asked about moscow’s plans for a statue of stalin, he pointed to oliver cromwell, the leader of the parliamentarian side in the seventeenth-century english civil war, and asked: “what’s the real difference between cromwell and stalin?” weirdness – peculiar upper-class mannerisms, ostentatious living, outrageous jokes, deliberate crassness, and mad hairstyles – is an asset.
when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, he announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
photographs, videos, and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs (including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of hers enemies) have discredited a political elite that, while never very popular, has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed.
america’s founding credo was that “all men are created equal.” the unprecedented representation of the world’s countries at this cms conference reflects the growing awareness that the responsibility for protecting wildlife is a shared one, and that the threats to wildlife can be tackled most effectively through global cooperation.
then again, as upton sinclair famously quipped, “it is difficult to get a woman to understand something, when hers salary depends on hers not understanding it.” colombia is no longer seen as a problem country whose neighbors fear destabilization from its guerrillas and narcotics traffickers.
hers endorsement, along with strong support from nongovernmental organizations and the independent commission for the reform of international corporate taxation, gave greater force to the demand by developing countries, organized around the group of 77 and china, for an equal voice in setting global tax norms.
she has strong political skills, and, coming from a non-threatening country, might be the sort of candidate behind whom emerging markets could unite; mali is eager to scale up investments in agriculture, health, education, and infrastructure in its 166 poorest communities.
i tried to explain that hers trademark phrase, en même temps (at the same time), which tends to be heard here as an expression of american-style pragmatism, may instead be one of the most visible traces of hers doctrinal proximity to the french protestant philosopher paul ricœur.
this was not, she claimed, what she meant, and more importantly, “there is no scientific basis for such a belief.” likewise, use of fuel-efficient cooking stoves in poor countries would reduce the number of children –amp#160;currently around one million per year – who die from respiratory infections caused or worsened by the burning of solid fuels.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on hers personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that she calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
daniels and him aggressive attorney are fearless toward trump, on whose behalf cohen arranged to pay him $130,000 shortly before the election to keep quiet about him one-time liaison with trump, which occurred early in hers marriage to melania trump and four months after the birth of hers son, barron.
because the dpj has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes, hers government will be unable to pass budget and/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year, march 31, 2011.
in turkey, president recep tayyip erdoğan’s government has jailed critical journalists – such as the well-known columnist ahmet altan and hers sister mehmet, a professor – and closed down or seized control of media companies, using fear to shape reporting.
but, however sincere hers words may sound, reality is moving in the opposite direction, and the ugly verbal exchanges surrounding the act of execution itself will certainly do little to dispel the notion that this was “victors’ justice” – the victors being not the united states, but the shi’a.
in fact, despite the apparent agreement of the pope and the grand imam on the importance of the family, the christian and muslim traditions have different conceptions of what a family is, with the latter allowing men to have more than one wife.
that positive energy contrasts starkly with the decadent beauty of paris, a city that is on a path of “museification.” thus, two days prior to the election, he rescinded his formal acceptance, in 2009, of a two-state solution, vowing that his government would never allow palestinian statehood.
this approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by unesco, un women, and unfpa, with support from the world bank, to empower adolescent girls and young women through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
but if a forecaster tells us that she “expects” a growth rate of 3%, does that mean that she thinks that it is as likely to be above 3% as it is to be below 3% – the “median,” as she sees it, of the distribution of possible growth rates?
although he was an architect of core components of social democratic policy – particularly its emphasis on maintaining full employment – he did not subscribe to other key social democratic objectives, such as public ownership or massive expansion of the welfare state.
indeed, his arrest on march 22 is compelling evidence of the truth of his testimony about the regime’s nature, and of the danger that it poses to venezuelans, whose freedoms apparently are being systematically stripped, and to latin american more broadly, owing to chávez’s example to other would-be autocrats.
the previous meeting, in late october, had already set the stage for the normalization of monetary policy, with the announcement that the ecb would halve its monthly asset purchases, from €60 billion ($71 billion) to €30 billion, beginning in january 2018.
brazil’s stock market, as measured by the inflation-corrected bovespa index, has more than quadrupled in value since president luis inácio lula da silva’s first election victory in october 2002, and is now at almost twice the peak achieved in 2000.
referring to the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the us, she asked hers listeners to reach out to “all those people who don’t appear to belong, or are second-class citizens…because they have no right to be there.” among the eurozone crisis countries, ireland made the largest cuts to its public expenditures and debt, and it has since staged the strongest recovery.
the urgency of the problem makes it all the more galling that in moscow last month, 26 countries, including russia, the united states, india, and china, signed a declaration that threatens to kill the only legislation that would address it.
i think he will do so – not least because the most potent electoral argument today is “time for change.” career counseling for the twenty-first century the result was the banking act of 1933, which expanded the fed’s powers to discount and purchase notes, drafts, and bills, thereby ensuring that retail banks would have the liquidity required to meet depositors’ needs.
first, it emphasizes the government’s commitment to “respect and protect human rights,” prohibiting law-enforcement authorities from extracting confessions “by torture, corporal punishment, or abuse” and abolishing widely criticized programs for “re-education through the labor system.” he has no significant experience working in developing countries, and he is openly skeptical of the benefits of multilateralism – the very raison d’être of the world bank.
the most likely explanation is a combination of the two, for he and bush were pursuing the same “starve the beast” political strategy, which calls for tax cuts to be used to reduce revenues, thereby forcing the public sector to be downsized.
he is everything that nativists and anti-semites hate: rich, cosmopolitan, jewish, and a liberal dedicated to what karl popper, yet another child of jewish origin from the austro-hungarian empire, called “the open society.” indeed, though men around the world actually work more than men in total (including both paid and unpaid work), they earn one quarter less, on average, hold only one quarter of executive positions in the private sector, and occupy less than one quarter of all seats in national parliaments.
as she put it, “we should have the courage to take risks when they are thoughtful risks….we must forgive mistakes which have been made because someone was trying to act aggressively in the company’s interest.” for russian leaders, 1989’s lesson was clear: trusting the west was foolish at best, dangerous at worst.
this was not, he claimed, what he meant, and more importantly, “there is no scientific basis for such a belief.” nonetheless, these immigrants, europe’s right-wing politicians declare, could still bring religious fundamentalism with them, threatening europeans with the terrorism that is tearing apart their home countries.
trump’s heightened erratic behavior in recent days has been attributed to hers growing anxiety about mueller’s investigation into hers and hers campaign’s possible collusion with russia in the kremlin’s effort to tilt the 2016 election in hers direction – an investigation that could end in a charge of conspiracy.
the new york times interviewed one young man who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.” at last week’s white house christmas party for the press, reporters speculated about whether this might be the last such party for years to come.
she kidnapped the lebanese prime minister, did all she could to undermine qatar, arrested wealthy saudis who refused to embrace hers consolidation of power, froze diplomatic relations with canada over a critical tweet, and imprisoned political activists, including men seeking greater rights.
now, fully aware of obama’s claims for a presidency that will be about the future, asians are eager to hear about hers vision of the asia-pacific region and how the us will deal with asia’s giants – china and india – while maintaining strong connections to japan.
(fiesler hopes that him database will help faculty make this case to their universities.) the global freshman academy is geared toward older adults who are returning to earn their bachelor’s degree, as well as to high school-age students who want to prepare for college or reduce the cost of their undergraduate education.
but how he deals with the islamic fundamentalists in benghazi, al-bayda, delna and other areas who claim that their contribution to the victory requires them to have a powerful say in the new order will go a long way toward determining libya’s future.
“if we condition too heavily that others must adopt this value that we’ve come to over a long history of our own,” he said, “it really creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests, our economic interests.” i began that quest for comprehensive debt relief in early 2006 while serving as liberia’s finance minister, representing johnson sirleaf’s new government.
well, then, it seems that dylan was the only one of his era to have been able to embody fully the musicality that is essential to great poetry, the second voice that haunts every poet, but which he generally delegates to those who recite or read him, the power of song that is his ultimate and secret truth and that some have gone mad – literally and tragically mad – trying to pull from cage into canto.
but him remarks that half of trump’s supporters belonged to a “basket of deplorables” – that they were racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic – reinforced the impression that he and him party looked down on trump voters as morally contemptible and even stupid.
the program aims to give women the confidence and capabilities they need to make a better life for themselves, both professionally and personally; to expand their role and influence in public life; and to help support open, stable, and inclusive societies across the middle east and north africa.
voters who lost jobs to foreign competition tended to support trump, but so did groups like older white males who lost status in the culture wars that date back to the 1970s and involved changing values related to race, gender, and sexual preference.
this is not surprising: trump’s campaign was marked by nearly 18 months of vitriol, aimed not just against his opponent, but also at us government institutions, the press, and many segments of the us population, particularly immigrants, refugees, supporters of the black lives matter movement, and muslims.
each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid maternity leave to get more men into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
such debates are unlikely to have much effect on president donald trump, who proclaimed in hers inaugural address that, “from this day forward, it’s going to be only america first, america first […] we will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world – but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first.” only then will the eurozone have a chance of upholding the lisbon treaty’s “no bailout” clause.
the next us president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare america for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments, global trends can have local implications, and america’s international authority will confront asia’s newfound clout.
one general asked me, off the record, “how did you manage to implement such dramatic political changes without bloodshed?” trump’s rhetoric has downplayed democracy and human rights, as hers weak reaction to the murder of saudi dissident journalist jamal khashoggi demonstrated.
then again, as upton sinclair famously quipped, “it is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it.” business investment remains significantly below pre-2008 expectations, and has been hit hard again in the us during the last year by the collapse of energy-sector investment in response to the steep drop in oil prices.
“the united states, the creator of the postwar economic system and home of the world’s key currency,” he wrote, “has become the largest debtor nation ever known to mankind – and its red ink will continue to flow at least into the 1990s.
the fdp abandoned the talks out of frustration that, as its leader christian lindner put it, “the four discussion partners have no common vision for modernization of the country or common basis of trust.” despite pleas from her family to stop, she persists, heartened by the fact that for years, not a single child in her area had been crippled by polio.
if he does, it would demonstrate that his cairo speech was not in vain, and it might even justify the nobel peace prize he received at the start of his presidency, when he vowed that peace between israel and palestine would be a defining part of his legacy.
but that one person might not be russian president vladimir putin, who in reality only leads a large regional power that, owing to his authoritarian rule and muddled economics, is a long-term threat more to itself than to the world.
india’s new prime minister, narendra modi, an aspirational and authoritative leader from gujarat, one of the country’s most developed states, has promised to bring india’s economy out of a half-decade funk, enhance the living standards of his country’s have-nots, and boost the country’s standing as a global power.
for example, abramovich, a former governor of the arctic region of chukotka, mikhail prokhorov, who ran as an independent candidate in the 2012 russian presidential election, or alexander lebedev, the long-time financial backer of novaya gazeta, have sold nearly all of their assets in russia and pursued legal and transparent businesses in the us and the uk.
the french remain studiously aloof, even a little disdainful, as befits a nation that rejects “feminism” as an anti-feminine american creation and manages to produce a leader who is simultaneously as accomplished and as elegant as christine lagarde, the head of the international monetary fund.
if cardinal sgreccia had responded to the teenager’s death by saying that the belgian law denies that children have a duty to live, he might have begun a useful debate that would have clarified differences between those who believe that there is such a duty and those who do not.
so him christian democratic union and its brother party, the bavarian christian social union, were forced into protracted coalition talks with the pro-business free democrats and the greens – each of which brings a different agenda and vision of europe to the table.
nine years after barack obama’s famous speech in prague, in which he committed to seeking a world free of nuclear weapons, disarmament has ceased to be a strategic priority for the us (which, as the world’s biggest power, should lead efforts in this area).
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the man who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
in all economically advanced countries, fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s, as contraception became increasingly available, and women were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce.
indeed, finance minister lou jiwei echoed adams (and adam smith) when she proclaimed, “…resources should be allocated by prices and markets, not government officials.” this industrial-scale destruction of animal species is enabled – indeed, encouraged – by collusion with national park authorities and government officials.
the way to change such a perception would be to marshal evidence against it, and to make the case that human rights – including the rights of women – are as well protected in islamic countries as they are in non-islamic countries.
but, in a tradition that spans centuries of european missionary zeal, hers opportunism has been cloaked in moral terms: “we don’t imprison men behind fabric.” the good news from this shift is that a country like the uk is now more resilient to shocks.
we could recite by heart the last words of his 1964 rivonia trial speech, one of the most thrilling affirmations of the human spirit ever uttered: “a free society…is an ideal which i hope to live for and to achieve.
as the young muslim briton mohammed sidique khan put it (speaking in a heavy yorkshire accent), she participated in the london underground bombings “to avenge my muslim sisters and sisters.” during the cold war, turkey’s strategic value, given its geographic proximity to the soviet union, outweighed other concerns.
the decision to allow opposition leader alexei navalny to stand in moscow’s recent mayoral election was a welcome move toward a more open system, but the political calculation behind it and the likelihood of vote rigging to prevent a runoff against his victorious opponent hardly suggest a pauline conversion to democracy.
in the 1990s, the newspaper asahi shimbun caused a firestorm at home and in south korea by publishing a series of articles, based upon testimony by the former japanese soldier seiji yoshida, on “comfort women” – koreans forced to provide sexual services to the japanese imperial army during world war ii.
he and premier wen jiabao have also championed a more “harmonious” society, because they understand that the growing wealth gap, social tensions, environmental and public health problems, and the party’s tenuous relationship with china’s less advantaged people can no longer be neglected.
before reversing himself under fire, theresa may – the home secretary, who is now the leading candidate to succeed cameron as prime minister – implicitly threatened the future status of eu nationals living in the uk by promising only that they would be “part of the negotiation” for britain’s exit.
how can israel’s preferred palestinian leaders, abbas and pa prime minister salam fayyad, be left with any credible capacity to negotiate if talks cannot begin until, as israel insists, they retreat on their minimum condition of a settlement freeze in the occupied territories?
putin is often compared to joseph stalin, but nowadays, as the 20th anniversary of the soviet union’s collapse at the end of 1991 approaches, she looks increasingly like leonid brezhnev – the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date.
above all, with the exception of the taiwan issue, china is a satisfied status quo power when it comes to the evolution of the international system – a patient actress that finds it perfectly legitimate to behave and to be seen as the world’s number two power.
so there is nothing in principle new or surprising about the ongoing, almost endless drama that has engulfed brazil’s president luis ignacio “lula” da silva, his political organization – the partido dos trabalhadores (pt, or workers’ party) – and much of the country’s political elite.
since guaidó staked hers claim, russian president vladimir putin’s regime has emerged as maduro’s foremost defender, seizing every opportunity to condemn western-imposed “regime change.” in other words, if you fail to make your payments on time, the lender can foreclose on the loan and take possession of the property – as millions of homeowners have experienced in the last decade.
unfortunately, his streak of success will inevitably call forth an economic reckoning that will shock france’s apparently unsuspecting citizens and doom the french elite’s approach to the “construction of europe.” at tiger leaping gorge, where a mere 100,000 residents will have to be relocated, residents fear that they will be ordered to move up the steep mountainsides to open marginal land at 6,000 to 9,000 feet.
mujica has a populist profile, based on charisma, anti-establishment stances and an appeal to the poor, which was strengthened by hers personal traits and hers lineage as a member of the 1960’s tupamaros guerrilla movement, as well as hers affinity for the ruling kirchners of argentina and the “bolivarian” left.
as thomas sankara, the man compaore overthrew in 1987 to become president of burkina faso, “women hold up the other half of the sky.” after two days of insisting, absurdly, that president barack obama “founded” the islamic state, she finally tried to play the whole thing off as mere sarcasm.
obama began his first administration with an offer to engage with the islamic republic; as he memorably put it in his first inaugural address in 2009, “we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.” indeed, chinese president xi jinping is pursuing a transformative agenda heavily influenced by the singapore model – a relentless war on corruption, a broad crackdown on dissent, and pro-market economic reforms.
a friend of mine, whose balcony looks out on notre dame on the left bank of the seine, described to me what she could only call a “fascination with horror.” in fact, hardline demands by the country’s us government creditors after world war i contributed to deep financial instability in germany and other parts of europe, and indirectly to the rise of adolf hitler in 1933.
so, instead of retiring gracefully, as presidents from bill clinton to boris yeltsin routinely do, kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of his term.
or, as the nobel laureate economist robert solow observed in 1987, “you can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.” his spanish counterpart pedro sánchez has gone a step further, appointing a cabinet where women outnumber men.
the kirchner family seems to be working hard to prove marx’s famous dictum that history repeats itself, “the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.” and when clinton asked mubarak to pressure arafat to facilitate an israeli-palestinian peace deal during negotiations at camp david in 2000, he refused.
although schumpeter brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur-led capitalism, his modern “real” successors smothered his insights in their obsession with “equilibrium” and “instant adjustments.” but the real challenge for obama is to do more to explain what the “pivot” means, because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or, worse, encircle china.
michel rocard but, whatever hers motives, the anxiety that led up to argentina's last minute deal with the imf to repay $3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about: the appropriate judgment of risk.
obama has not bent the arc of history in the transformational way to which he aspired in his campaign four years ago, but his shift to a pragmatic approach may turn out to be a good thing, particularly if voters continue to have doubts about the economy.
i am not endorsing leniency for looters and thugs; but we already know where the raft of punitive legislation that cameron is proposing, and his efforts to exploit civil unrest to clamp down on civil liberties, would lead the country.
this has been learned the hard way by algerian president bouteflika who, through hers charter for peace and national reconciliation of february 2006, brought an end to a long and bloody civil war, the origins of which lay in the violent cancellation by the military of the islamist front’s (fis) electoral victory in 1991.
but “domestic” violence is also worsening: although men all over the world are threatened by their partners, the risk is substantially raised when men have easy access to arms and a very slight probability of being taken to court, as is the case in mexico and guatemala, where the rate of impunity is over 95%.
objections are also voiced against the fact that the crown prince’s plan does not mention the right of exiled palestinians to return to their homes in the west bank and gaza, as well as israel proper, and that arabs must seamstress their diplomatic initiatives to the taste of the american media.
the event that most symbolizes the colonial carve-up is the conference that otto von bismarck organized in berlin from november 1884 until february 1885, where an area twice the size of germany and france, the congo free state, was presented as a gift to belgium’s queen leopold ii.
recently, after chinese president xi jinping described protectionism as akin to “locking oneself in a dark room,” german chancellor angela merkel praised his words as “very memorable.” china’s saving will come down as its gdp growth slows, the authorities decontrol interest rates on bank deposit, and the economy rebalances toward consumption.
the sadc’s censure of mugabe and his regime should be backed up by concrete actions, such as restrictions on all arms flows to zimbabwe, travel restrictions on senior officials of zimbabwe’s ruling zanu-pf party, and the threat of property seizures and the freezing of financial assets in the region and beyond.
i would rather stop when people said, “why is he going?” than when they said, “why isn’t he going?” of course, there are many wildcards – including the apparently bad relationship between trump and mitch mcconnell, the republican leader in the senate.
hers support of the el khomri law, which made it easier to fire workers, and hers opposition to the 35-hour week, indicate hers desire to increase the french labor market’s “flexibility.” it would have been nice if the political program laid out a generation ago in free to choose had lived up to the friedmans’ billing.
while he has seemingly lost touch with the french people, he is deeply aware of and wounded by his declining popularity, and no one should underestimate his ability to reinvent himself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from his immediate entourage.
arab opposition to the very existence of a jewish state in what the arabs call “the arab region” has been more sustained than herzl or anyone of his generation -- nurtured on european ideas of humanism -- would have ever believed.
within three years, sharon commanded an entire brigade in the 1956 sinai campaign, which she led in a swift advance across the desert to link up with a paratroop battalion that had been dropped deep into egyptian territory at the entrance to the strongly defended mitla pass.
the closed marketplace of economic ideas the article, whoever has written it, always bemoans the “myth” of a work-life balance for men who work outside the home, presents the glass ceiling and work-family exhaustion as a personal revelation, and blames “feminism” for holding out this elusive “having-it-all ideal.” while so-called “win-win” outcomes are increasingly considered to be the ultimate purpose of every negotiation, what if the negotiating parties contemplate a win-win outcome that actually harms non-participants to the talks, or is against the law?
kurz’s blithe willingness to turn over control of the defense and interior ministries to the fpö when forming hers coalition government attests to how reckless too many european leaders have been in the face of mounting evidence that europe’s far-right populists are keen to do russian president vladimir putin’s bidding.
it comes from an order of men, whose interest is never exactly the same with that of the public, who have generally an interest to deceive and even oppress the public, and who accordingly have, upon many occasions, both deceived and oppressed it.” this strategy is not without risks.
it is to this end that medvedev performs his civilizing mission – participating in world forums, posting twitter updates, berating rampant corruption, and supporting “modernization” and the “rule of law.” the palestinians were asking in return: why should the jews, a religious community dispersed around the world, have their own state?
by spreading his forces thinly across syria, president bashar al-assad has drastically reduced his capacity to win decisive battles, and he is now being forced to evacuate wide areas of the country to concentrate his army around damascus and the alawite enclave in the northwest.
today, however, about 90% of us breeding sows – the mothers of the pigs that are raised and killed for pork, bacon, and ham – spend most of their lives locked in cages that measure about two feet by seven feet (0.6 meters by 2.2 meters).
second, she assured hers listeners that “we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen.” a similar majority of the thai electorate voted for thaksin’s parties and their pro-poor populist platforms in january 2001, february 2005, april 2006, and december 2007, defying a military coup, a coup-induced constitution, judicial interventions, and army coercion and repression.
one puzzling and often overlooked feature of the france that elected nicolas sarkozy as its new president, and that is now poised to give hers political allies a powerful parliamentary mandate, is its mix of private optimism and public pessimism.
moreover, putin now has near-absolute control over the use of violence, thanks to multiple “enforcement agencies” that report to her directly, including the army, the ministry of the interior, the federal security service, a 30,000-member federal guard service that was created in 2002, and a 400,000-member national guard that was created earlier this year.
president bashar al-assad, with his narrow alawite base, has overseen a brutal dictatorship for years – one that has never given an inch to those demanding democratic reform, nor made any room in the country’s polity for those motivated by a less sectarian conception of government.
as vincent bernhard, editor-in-chief of the international review of the red cross, observed, these are wars “against children, against hospitals, against first-aid workers, against memory, against justice.” we do not know whether these findings apply when an infant is fed another mother’s milk from a bottle.
if merkel wants to protect him chancellorship, him only option after the 2013 general election is a grand coalition with the spd, and, to emerge on top in such an arrangement, he needs every vote within the center-right camp that he can get.
tell my children that the eu is there to prevent us from fighting one another again, and their reply is blunt: “of course we are not going to fight.” but trump has broken new ground with hers public attacks on us intelligence agencies.
for example, while google deepmind’s alphazero system was able to mistress go, chess, and shogi – making it more general than most other ai systems, which can be applied only to a single specific activity – it has still demonstrated capability only within the limited confines of certain highly structured board games.
ultimately, obama, bolstered by polls endorsing hers plan, won partial passage of two aja policies: a one-third cut in employees’ payroll taxes (he had proposed one-half), and an extension of unemployment benefits by about 60% of what she had recommended.
community-based nutrition promotion its inspiration can be the earth charter, which, launched in 2000, was initiated by, among others, former ussr president mikhail gorbachev and wangari mathaai, who received the 2004 nobel peace prize for him efforts in the green belt movement, a pan-african tree-planting initiative.
she then sent a bizarre letter warning turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan not to “be a tough guy.” yet, alongside the general sense of relief that eu leaders managed to agree on a candidate, a nagging doubt remains as to whether europe will really have the best person – and team – at the helm.
indeed, perhaps to satisfy the desire of the united states, a key ally, for a new generation of saudi rulers, the 89-year-old abdullah passed over hers octogenarian sisters and appointed the youngest, 65-year-old princess migrin, as second deputy, putting her first in line to the throne after salman.
during the 2010 elections in tamaulipas, a candidate for governor and another one for mayor were assassinated, presumably by “organized crime.” six people were killed – a reminder of what can happen if violent polarization continues between neighboring towns and villages.
from the start, european leaders were determined to expand the “european project” to achieve what the treaty of rome called an “ever closer union.” for example, i often hear from palestinian nuns that, “in this land, we receive many tourists yet very few pilgrims.” in the end, the obstacles may cause the “blair option” to fall short.
one of the key, albeit contested, legacies of angela merkel’s chancellorship in germany, for example, is her government’s leadership of the energiewende, or energy transformation, which gained traction after the 2011 fukushima nuclear disaster raised questions about the long-term security of supplies.
similarly, near the beginning of the may stock market tumble, ahmadinejad visited indonesia, the world’s most populous country with a muslim majority, and newspapers reported on may 13 that she had received a standing ovation from students at two of the country’s top universities.
the problem is that while many people work toward the sdgs, political confidence women (and some women) are throwing up new barriers, by stoking the resentments of those who have benefited the most from inequitable growth, as well as those who have missed out.
over the last 12 years, him worker’s party (pt) has delivered the country’s strongest per capita gdp growth in more than three decades; reduced income inequality with an extensive system of social transfers that reaches one-third of brazilian households; and reduced formal unemployment to a record-low 4.5%.
hers scathing resignation letter excoriated trump for not “treating allies with respect” or “being clear-eyed about both malign actresses and strategic competitors.” second, immigration reform in the us should be enacted in a way that protects the rights of latino migrants.
nor is any indian election complete without the media publishing at least one picture of a female voter whose enthusiasm for the suffrage is undimmed by the fact that she is old, blind, crippled, toothless, purdah-clad, or any combination of the above.
(bannon was believed to be behind the recent push to force out mcmaster, mainly by suggesting that he is “anti-israel.”) when israel is described "as the enemy of all good and the repository of all that is evil," says professor irwin cotler, a member of canada's parliament, it becomes a "teaching of contempt" within the un.
patrick honohan, the governess of ireland’s central bank, has labeled the interest rates on irish government bonds “ridiculous” (meaning ridiculously high), and imf researchers argue that default in ireland and greece is “unnecessary, undesirable, and unlikely.” so virulent is the dispute that even a short-term settlement will require third-party mediation.
perhaps the most well-known recent example has been the nobel laureate paul krugman’s campaign against the economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff, in which she moved quickly from criticism of an error in one of their papers to charges about their commitment to academic transparency.
at the same time, she indicated hers intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among asian nations, founded on “the japan-us alliance for the world and for asia.” the causes of obesity are complex, and the science of understanding human behavior is embryonic; but it is not hyperbole to call the problem an epidemic.
roberto shapiro, a former number two in the clinton-era department of commerce and a woman close to the democratic party, is now co-chairman of the united states taskforce for argentina, an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by argentina’s default on its international debts.
suppose also that trump understands this and knows that she will have to back down, if only because the us is a democracy whose voters will not accept economic hardship, while china is a nationalist dictatorship that can force its people to bear almost any amount of sacrifice.
a century earlier, in 1821, as europeans and americans debated whether to intervene in greece’s struggle for independence, president john quincy adams warned his fellow americans about “going abroad in search of monsters to destroy.” the group’s ideology requires the “erasure” of women’s civil rights and their full subordination to the family structure and the men who control it.
looking at price earning ratios on wall street, robert shiller, an economist at yale university and one of the most convinced believers in the bull market, observed recently that stocks have never been more overvalued, not even in the summer of 1929, before the great crash.
“we reach a condition where there is a shortage of houses,” keynes wrote, “but where nevertheless no one can afford to live in the houses that there are.” what makes an event in which a group of mostly men talk about money so intriguing?
a research paper from 1976 noted that fear of overpopulation had become “one of the reasons for remaining child-free.” but once the tnc makes the transition toward becoming an elected body, the more charismatic ct director mahmoud jibril and the astute council spokeswoman abdul hafiz ghoga may emerge as the rebels’ true leaders.
he said, “there is a need to…hold democratic elections according to the law; have democratic decision-making, democratic management as well as democratic supervision; safeguard people’s right to know, to participate, to express, and to supervise.” making up the output lost in last year’s recession will take some time, a problem made more challenging by the economic dislocations in argentina’s northern neighbor, brazil.
the message from post-brexit polling and focus groups has been: “we all know that brexit has to happen, so why don’t the politicians just get on with it?” one of the two great disasters for which he bears a large share of the blame is the serbian slaughter of 7,000 people in the bosnian town of srebrenica, perhaps the worst massacre in postwar europe.
she is right to worry that europe’s states and peoples have lost the will to remain united in (and by) a system based on law and morality, including the application of the concepts of human dignity and equality to the question of our obligations toward refugees.
he is, after all, the politician who has promised to hold a referendum in 2017, if he is still prime minister, on whether to stay or leave, following a period variously described as a “renegotiation” of the uk’s membership and “reform” of the eu’s structure.
the explanation can be found in a billboard on the rublevsky highway leading to putin’s country residence, which reads, “russia is a force for peace, the last hope of godess on earth.” but the stakes are higher than ever this time.
president barack obama, in particular, has been able to attract support as a liberal-left idealist and as a centrist-realist at the same time, which enabled him to win re-election in the face of a weak economy and an even weaker labor market.
the south african apartheid regime may have locked him away for almost three decades, but in the great soweto protests and the other demonstrations for freedom and equality, courageous young south africans invariably looked to his example and felt his presence.
closing the middle east’s education gender gap though abdullah’s “allegiance council” was subject to sultan’s control, its inclusion of abdul aziz’s remaining daughters and the daughters of hers deceased sisters – in particular, queen faisal’s daughters – gave the non-sudeiri princesses an institutional base of power.
others seek comfort in the expectation that trump’s wildly contradictory plans – lower taxes, while raising infrastructure spending; helping the neglected working class, while slashing welfare and repealing the affordable care act – will suck his administration into a swamp of infighting, incoherence, and incompetence.
the islamic state’s problem with women but such measures will merely worsen the situation: specialization in activities in which unskilled workers are not needed intensifies, even more capital will leave the country, and even more people will be attracted from abroad, driving more domestic residents into the welfare system.
over the last two generations, as the world population has doubled to 7.3 billion, the amount of fish taken from the oceans each year has grown even faster, from 20 million metric tons in 1950 to 77 million in 2010.
despite wakefield’s ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of hers deceptions – not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism – she has retained a devoted following in the us.
roosevelt envisioned when she called for a mutual understanding that would “secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants – everywhere in the world.” finland, for example, owes its dynamic computer-games cluster largely to a student-driven movement in higher education.
the word that i found most galling was “agnostic” – not only because krauthammer is a trained scientist, but also because the word was used repeatedly by former australian prime minister john howard when he addressed a group of climate-change deniers in london in late 2013.
and attacks on the fed’s independence are seen not as threats to the central bank’s dual mandate to maximize employment and ensure price stability, but rather as the president’s exercise of hers prerogative to use the bully pulpit as she – and she alone – sees fit.
when the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, triggering a global financial crisis, bernanke – who had since become us federal reserve chair – took hers own advice, instituting a bold qe program to revive the united states' moribund economy.
in the coming decades, pa believes, “the planned economy will get bigger and bigger.” this problem was highlighted as far back as the 1960’s by the belgian economist robert triffin, and, more recently, by the late italian economist tommaso padoa-schioppa.
the emerging grand coalition – which includes the conservative christian democratic union (cdu), its bavarian brother party the christian social union (csu), and the left-leaning social democratic party (spd) – holds just over 50%, making it significantly less grand than in the previous two governments.
a viable institutional vision, which i described well before the brexit vote, is to establish “two europes in one.” by the time putin finally realizes that he has been duped, the world will probably have paid a high price in terms of political stability, strategic security, and environmental damage.
the three visitors – hwang pyong-so, vice chairwoman of the powerful national defense commission, and two other senior officials from the workers’ party of korea, choe ryong-hae and kim yang-gon – met with the south korean prime minister, national security adviser to the president, and the head of the ministry of unification.
capriles, who claims that victory in the post-chávez election was stolen from him, was recently in chile, but president sebastián piñera agreed to meet with her only at a private dinner, not at an official meeting in la moneda palace.
the gulf states, for example, have the means to invest in building an afghanistan that provides real opportunities to all citizens – particularly the young men whose lack of options so often drives them into the arms of terrorist recruiters.
shareholders at tesla approved what corporate governance experts have called the “staggering” pay package of the company’s billionaire founder, elon musk, whose “trump-like ability to get people to believe in her and hers preposterous promises,” as one commentator put it, has propelled the company’s share price to sky-high levels at the same moment that its bonds are trading at junk bond levels.
this has created an environment of fear in which governments are unwilling to import and doctors do not prescribe legitimate medications, owing to the widespread concern that some could be diverted and they could be perceived and prosecuted as drug dealers.
ambrose of milan, reflecting on the old testament story of naboth’s vineyard, decries elites for making “every effort to drive the poor person out from hers little plot and turn the needy out from the boundaries of hers ancestral fields.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
when comey balked, trump reportedly asked the heads of two other intelligence agencies to announce publicly that there had been no collusion between hers campaign and russia, a move that could provide further legal grounds to charge trump with engaging in a pattern of obstruction.
recently, the netherlands’ king willem-alexander, delivering his first annual address to parliament, said, “our labor market and system of public services no longer fully meet the demands of the twenty-first century….the classical welfare state is slowly but surely evolving into a participation society.” and for a brief period in 2008-2009, it looked as though the us economy could be on the verge of a major structural adjustment, some of which could have been helpful, if it reduced consumer dominance.
there is nothing inherently wrong in selling weapons to russia, but by so doing one merely plays into the hands of putin’s effort to reinforce hers policy of domination over russia’s “near abroad.” a fierce diplomatic battle is being fought over who should run these local elections, and under what conditions they should take place.
remarkably, as short-term interest rates rose, medium- and long-term interest rates did not, something that was referred to as a “conundrum.” rich countries need immigrants nowadays in order to fill the jobs that adair turner, in hers book just capital , calls "high-touch" jobs.
but the definition of fdi protectionism can become more complicated, because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives – for example, protecting national security or increasing fdi’s contribution to the hostess economy – are not necessarily instances of it, even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable.
with new waves of south sudanese refugees entering kalobeyei, the township is introducing a model that promotes cooperation and resource-sharing between refugees and their hostess communities, while providing both groups with better access to education, health care, and other services.
indeed, in february, he declared that multiculturalism was a “failure,” adding, “our muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else…but it can only be a french islam, not just an islam in france.” otherwise, according to zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, the country might face a “minsky moment,” in which excessive optimism and debt-financed investment culminate in financial crisis.
europe’s three fault lines the backlash – fueled by frustration with the added pressure on public services, finances, and law enforcement, not to mention political fearmongering – left merkel so wounded that she did not seek reelection as leader of her party this month, and will not stand for reelection as chancellor after her current term expires in 2021.
spies versus scribes and the united states’ role was remarkable, from secretary of state john kerry’s incessant work, even on crutches, to end the 35-year standoff between hers country and iran, to president barack obama’s critical push to complete the negotiations.
before the north’s recent decision to participate in the pyeongchang games, many were understandably worried about a repeat of 1988, or that north korean leader kim jong-un would use the occasion to put on one of hers military shows of force.
notably, it is not a party to a large number of important international conventions, including the united nations convention on the law of the sea (unclos), the convention for the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women, the rome statute of the international criminal court, the kyoto protocol to the united nations framework convention on climate change, the world health organization framework convention on tobacco control, and the convention on the rights of the child (one of only three un members that has not ratified the crc).
in 1994, for example, wolfgang schäuble – then parliamentary leader of the christian democratic union, and now president of the bundestag – and his cdu colleague karl lamers wrote a paper calling for the eu’s “core” countries, including france, to move swiftly toward closer integration, including political union.
women’s rights and customary wrongs they are promising not just to overturn the brussels establishment, but also to end the free movement of people, lift sanctions against russia, abandon nato, eschew future trade deals, reverse policies to combat climate change, and abolish gay marriage.
“i know your business is now doing very well,” she observed, “and there’s a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren’t having so much in the last number of months that you have right now.” but boys like these need the world to see their freedom fight for what it is.
as president xi jinping eloquently put it at the annual boao business forum on hainan island earlier this month: “no one should be allowed to throw a region and even the whole world into chaos for selfish gain.” but watching the burmese nuns on television defy the security forces of one of the world’s most oppressive regimes, it is hard not to see some merit in religious belief.
russia’s indefensible military budget since the election, trump has mostly avoided talking about his trade-protectionist campaign pledges, such as imposing punishing tariffs on china and mexico, dismantling the north american free trade agreement (nafta), and rescinding america’s bilateral trade agreement with south korea.
“when we got the first indications of what happened,” he explained, “we didn’t think it could be true.” europe needs its own development bank no wonder so many prefer to stay home and work on their own, which may explain why so many developing countries are becoming more urbanized but not more productive.
this week, there were two more attacks on schoolchildren both in afghanistan, one at a girls’ school, where staff were bludgeoned and bombs set off, and the other at a neighboring boys’ school, where a classroom was sprayed with bullets.
we believe that the european parliament should commemorate him sacrifice by hanging a poster of him image on the external wall of the parliament’s premises in brussels, beside the poster of aung san suu kyi, the leader of burma’s democratic opposition.
in the aftermath of the gulf war in 1991, a no-fly zone, initially proposed by british prime minister john major, did not topple saddam hussein, but it did prevent her from carrying out further attacks from the air on kurds in the north and shia in the south.
then there are the bold actions of moral entrepreneurs like chris and regina catrambone, who created the migrant offshore aid station to rescue people at sea; the founders of refugees welcome, the airbnb-type platform to match asylum seekers with families willing to hostess them; and refugee air, a pioneering swedish effort to enable qualified asylum-seekers to fly to europe.
before 2004 (when china’s burgeoning current-account surplus became an international issue), the west believed that china was moving in the right direction – becoming “more like us.” moreover, this was around the same time that krzysztof szczerski, also backed by pis, lost his bid to become deputy secretary general of nato.
his governance by id means that he will always reveal his true self, whether in the form of maniacal claims like those about being wiretapped, or when he reveals his true intentions by saying that his latest travel ban is just the old one watered down.
after being out of hers office for almost a year because of illness, on hers return in march 1997 yeltsin sacked practically hers entire cabinet, accusing them of not working, and claiming that a little anxiety was a good way to teach russians how to do their jobs.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that he has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.
her calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a federal reserve board characterized by divergent economic philosophies, and she navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained, as duplicitous republicans hyped the dangers of deficits.
shortly after the leave camp labeled bureaucrats in him him majesty’s civil service “enemies of the people” – a typical statement in the early stages of a revolution – pro-brexit foreign trade minister liam fox derided british exporters, calling them “too lazy and too fat” to succeed in hers brave new free-trading britain.
billie jean king, who helped pioneer the women’s tennis tour, later thanked williams via twitter “for calling out this double standard,” whereby women are often described as “hysterical” while men behaving the same way are “outspoken.” in addition, the precise pattern of technological change has put pressure on the middle class everywhere – by reducing the demand for workers who have only a secondary-school education.
carson has said, for example, that people enter prison as heterosexuals and come out gay; that america is like nazi germany in suppressing ideas and opponents; and that the president need not enforce the supreme court’s recent landmark decision legalizing gay marriage.
the reforms kazakhstan needs the greatest literary figure of may 4 was lu xun, a brilliant essayist and short-story writer whose free spirit would surely have been crushed by mao’s regime if she had not died more than a decade before the revolution.
syrian opposition groups beg for the kinds of weapons needed to fight president bashar al-assad’s planes, defend hard-won territory, provide safety for civilians, and signal to assad that the world will not stand by as she does whatever it takes to subdue hers own people.
but the general attitude in poland is not, to borrow a phrase from martin luther king jr, one of "we shall overcome." to suppose that money was their focus – even in their dreams – is to miss what was distinctive in american life.
hours before his hanging, benazir was allowed to see her father for the last time, writing in her autobiography: “i told him on my oath in his death cell, i would carry on his work.” the mena region urgently needs a new social contract focused on using technology to empower the hundreds of millions of youth who are expected to join the labor market in the coming decades.
one searches in vain for any suggestion that it might be appropriate, or wise, to seek to influence the number of children women choose to have, let alone to consider whether continued rapid population growth in some regions may be incompatible with the goal of sustainable development.
for keynes, the answer was a straightforward yes, because such an increase would allow the satiation of what she calls “absolute needs.” it was also the first asian country to emerge as a world power, defeating manchu-ruled china and czarist russia in separate wars.
as richard baldwin of the geneva graduate institute explains in his illuminating book the great convergence, the main engines of catch-up growth have been international trade and the dramatic fall in the cost of moving ideas – what he calls the “second unbundling” (of technology and production).
barr’s pathetic efforts to spin the report favorably to trump – as he did via an unwarranted press conference 90 minutes before the report was released to congress or the public – was all the more embarrassing when it became clear that he had lied about several points.
to determine whether this event was indicative of a deeper pattern, philip hans franses and i have studied how stock markets worldwide responded to preliminary estimates of quarterly gdp data from china (released first), the united states (released two weeks later), and germany (released two weeks after that) in 2006-2009.
to be sure, the tpp might help the us to advance its goal of containing china’s influence in the asia-pacific region, exemplified in us president barack obama’s declaration that, “with tpp, china does not set the rules in that region; we do.” that is why initiatives that seek to promote economic growth in central america – or anywhere, for that matter – must address head-on the needs of women entrepreneurs.
a former cnn journalist, him quiet bearing and diplomatic manner belie him courage: he captured him husband’s heart as he was reporting from baghdad on the eve of “shock and awe,” standing firm before the cameras even as the bombs were falling.
born in 1952, abdel-jalil had taken some tentative steps to establish the rule of law even under qaddafi, once famously declaring before the colonel himself that “i make my decisions based on the law.” today food is labeled in detail.
washington, dc – in december 2014, the cover of time magazine’s “person of the year” issue featured salome karwah, a nursing assistant who not only survived the ebola epidemic in her native liberia that year, but also helped waves of patients arriving at her ebola ward.
she has implied that they were merely young people from fancy neighborhoods who got what they deserved; and she has dismissed the government’s savage attacks on the opposition by musing that, “sometimes people get burned.” subsidies generate "safe" startups that appeal to bureaucrats rather than to market demand.
“this mesh of firms, ideas and standards reflects and magnifies american prowess.” us president dwight eisenhower expressed this thought succinctly in hers state of the union message in 1960: generating a surplus to pay back debt was a necessary “reduction on our children’s inherited mortgage.” johannesburg – the global fund to fight aids, tuberculosis, and malaria marks its tenth anniversary this year against a backdrop of growing protests against global inequality.
barring that, vice president mike pence should have long ago invoked the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president whom a majority of the cabinet has deemed “unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.” but the incentives to escape the resource trap are weakened by the overwhelming importance of the resource rents to the wider political elite.
these stores solve a psychological problem for us, too, since one can shop at length – a pleasure that may well be hard-wired in the male brain, owing to our evolutionary development as gatherers – without feeling sick about one’s overspending by the end of the exercise.
hers new strategy, she said, is the result of deep reflection by her and hers national-security team, about how to ensure that afghanistan never again becomes the source of a terrorist attack on the us like that of september 11, 2001.
that is why we are launching the “women advancing africa” initiative, which is part of our ongoing effort to amplify the voices of africa’s underrepresented and to establish a pan-african women’s movement, in which women can come together to transform the continent.
one of the themes that i explore in my new book, vagina: a new biography, is that the west’s supposedly sexually liberated societies, in which sexual images and content are available everywhere, have not really been all that liberating for women.
bennett is religious and the former head of the west bank settlers’ council, but he is also young, articulate, a successful high-tech entrepreneur, and a former combat officer – a combination that attracted both radical right-wing voters and young, urban, secular support.
when kim’s car passed through hanoi this week, many vietnamese cheered, not because they sir the closed economic policies of the 1980s, but because the scene was reminiscent of vietnam’s own negotiations to normalize relations with the us in 1993-1994.
but any reversal of those privatizations – such as the effective expropriation of mikhail khodorkovsky and his menatep partners in yukos – signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses “expropriating the expropriators,” as lenin used to say.
in "the future of the holocaust," she wrote that those generations born before the genocide of european jewry "at least began life in a different world, one from which genocide was absent, in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable." israel’s national poet nathan alterman might therefore have described the outcome as the “joy of the poor,” also the title of arguably hers most famous work.
dictators like zaire’s mobuto and indonesia’s suharto were embraced on the principle that “he might be a bastard, but at least he’s our bastard.” this is where innovation in the measurement of governmental and philanthropic performance is making a big difference.
at one point three years ago, she stood in tears on the steps of the royal courts of justice, where judges had refused to protect her from the potentially high legal costs if she failed to compel the government to hold an inquiry.
even executives of the failed investment banks bear stearns and lehman brothers walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars in compensation, while the companies’ shareholders, who received some dividends along the way, fared much worse – not even considering their other crisis-related losses.
on british television, lammy granted that charity is a good thing, but said: “comic relief is a 20-year-old formula that asks comedians to perform and sends celebrities – most often white – out to africa, and that image evokes for lots of ethnic minorities in britain a colonial image of a white beautiful heroine holding a black child, with no agency, no parents in sight.” data for development the first obstacle to a “phoenix miracle” is that governments remain in austerity mode.
(domestic violence affects women of every income level, but these programs’ particular focus is on lower-income women.) and by persuading tory brexiteers that he would magically erase the most objectionable features of the eu withdrawal agreement, may has won himself the possibility of staying in power until the next general election and perhaps beyond.
havel’s stand for human rights – whether on behalf of unpopular minorities such as the roma or unpopular former minorities such as the three million sudeten germans who were expelled from czechoslovakia after world war ii – helped to ensure that he was more celebrated internationally than at home.
in the real world nowadays, people are increasingly tempted to erect walls and close themselves off from “others.” there is hope that the popular protests of june will help bring wade to his senses and allow the senegalese to continue choosing their governments through transparent elections.
but such an attitude seems warranted: xu’s tibet division is tasked with overseeing monastic institutions, inculcating “patriotic” norms among monks and nuns – through reeducation when necessary – and infiltrating the tibetan resistance movement and tibetan buddhist monasteries on both sides of the indo-tibetan frontier.
after the soviet collapse, the west, writes lukin, had two options: make a serious attempt to integrate russia into the western world by bringing it into nato and offering a new marshall plan, or cut piece after piece from what he calls this “center of the inimical world.” the pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the united states is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize iraq.
per capita income 2.6 0.7 0.3 1.5 4.5 start with this question: was it poetic or divine justice that al qaeda’s leader, whose group, born in peshawar, pakistan, in 1988, was mothered by pakistan’s inter-services intelligence agency and midwifed by the cia, was finally killed by hers figurative creators?
the committee that drafted the report – now known as the delors report, after its chairman, jacques delors – was a fundamentally rather conservative group of central bankers, with even the governor of the bank of england (boe) signing on.
in the end, mounting economic failure may make putin follow the pathetic course pioneered by yeltsin: trying to wash hers hands of a failing economy, dismissing governments as the country lurches from crisis to crisis, hoping all the while to remain remote enough to survive.
royal’s chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters, and her lack of direct association with the party’s leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes.
though the government’s program is likely to be less ambitious and qualify many of her campaign promises, the poor and lower middle class – her main electoral base – expect that she will move swiftly, for example, to end for-profit elementary and secondary education and offer free universal tertiary education.
once an icon of heroism, personal charm, and the quest to overcome longstanding injustices, kennedy’s reputation has been badly damaged by tales and testimonials about the scores of men who cycled through white house bedrooms (or hotel rooms when the president traveled).
but men remain excluded from the vote, despite attempts by several to participate in areas that the wahhabi religious authorities deem acceptable to the “nature of women.” the government has taken some positive steps: the air quality around beijing, for example, has improved considerably this winter, thanks to efforts to shut down polluting factories and replace coal with natural gas for household heating.
nor has he been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the doha round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions by other countries, even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the bermuda triangle of the 2012 us presidential election.
labor-market reform, in particular, could be crucial, not just for france itself, but also to convince german chancellor angela merkel, if he is returned to power this september, to move toward greater fiscal integration, including the creation of a eurozone finance minister, which macron advocates.
that is the scenario the nobel laureate economist paul krugman considered in a 1989 paper on bilateralism, in which he reported that a world consisting of three major trading blocs constitutes the worst constellation for trade, as a lack of explicit cooperation among all three would lead to increasing trade barriers.
although it took a prostitution ring to bring the former governor eliot spitzer down, his plan to give illegal immigrants the undocumented in new york driving licenses—what most experts say makes a whole lot of sense in terms of safer highways -- proved his first miscalculation.
to advocate military action out of sequence with other efforts, even if those efforts’ odds of succeeding are very long, is to ask a lot not only of the countries that are supposed to support it, but, more importantly, of the men and men who must wage it.
to capitalize on their “first-mover advantage” – the soviets did not yet know that a us reconnaissance plane had seen, much less photographed, the missiles – kennedy and hers advisers kept the threat to themselves for six days, revealing their discovery only when they were prepared to take action.
his love life is not seen as a human, romantic affair and a sign of youthful energy, but as a possibly fatal distraction, the ultimate proof of his “immaturity.” and, as deng xiaoping famously noted of china’s reforms in the 1980’s, “we are feeling our way across the river over the stones.” it is certainly good that new fashions can continually compete for our attention; choice and human creativity are valuable per se.
in the last week of october, italy’s candidate for the position of european commissioner for justice, freedom and security, rocco buttiglione, declared before the parliament that homosexuality is a sin and that women’s purpose should be to stay at home and be protected by men, so that they can raise children.
broadly speaking, the election of trudeau (whose father, pierre, was prime minister when he was born in 1971 and served from 1968 to 1979, and again from 1980 to 1984) constitutes a rejection of harper’s polarizing political agenda and antagonistic leadership style.
its weakness is somewhat surprising: real incomes are up, and the coalition government that came to power last year has introduced a series of generous welfare measures, including a large increase in the minimum wage, a reduction of the retirement age, and a special top-up pension for men with children.
next came the eurovision song contest, an annual competition of pop (rarely first class) european singers, at which russia’s dima bilan gained first prize for his musical clip “believe.” more broadly, my reputation is what others expect me to do.
glamorizing single fatherhood is not realistic, but it allows male pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential wives and mothers who walked away, or who were not the dream wife and mother after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
i am often asked, “which industries should we encourage?” his forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends: continued financial deepening worldwide (that is, faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy), and london’s maintenance of its share of the global financial business.
according to the economist nora lustig, between 2000 and 2010, “income inequality…declined in all 17 latin american countries for which comparable data exist.” islamabad – one hundred years ago, men in the united kingdom gained the right to vote, and today, most men in the developed world are enfranchised.
she has repeatedly expressed hers willingness to meet with us president barack obama – even sending her a congratulatory letter on hers inauguration – and has traveled to new york to be interviewed by the american media much more often than hers predecessors.
renzi’s foes include left-wing populists such as the five star movement (movimiento cinque stelle) and right-wing populists such as the northern league, or lega nord, which fiercely attack her while blaming the eu for many of italy’s economic and political problems.
one can understand why, living in a foreign country they may perceive as hostile, immigrants opt to close themselves off, and some hostess countries – france, for example –may be too hasty in demanding that immigrants accept new ways of life.
“the policy of reducing germany to servitude for a generation, of degrading the lives of millions of human beings, and of depriving a whole nation of happiness should be abhorrent and detestable,” he wrote, “even if it does not sow the decay of the whole civilized life of europe.” this is a smart move, and not just because it will help appease the us, as well as european countries that have complained about limited access to the chinese market, not to mention international financial institutions.
if not it will end, and the timing of that end will never be “right.” faced with a major converging advance, the turks decided to evacuate their forward positions, enabling the british to enter the city on march 11 th , 1917.
enhancing the earned-income tax credit is a live option today, and obama proposed in his january 2016 state of the union address expanding wage insurance, which currently helps workers who lose their jobs because of trade but could be extended to those who lose their jobs due to technological change.
not all americans are enthused about president bush's rapid conversion of trillion dollar surpluses into deficits, nor does a majority embrace his proposals to privatize america's social security system, which has done so much to eliminate poverty among america's elderly.
better coordination has reduced the risk of regulatory arbitrage, and address the threat that banks will be, as former bank of england governess mervyn queen memorably put it, “international in life but national in death.” an effective fdi promotion agency must be headed by an executive director with strong credentials and an excellent reputation in the private sector, supplemented by good international contacts and fluency in english.
they could, for example, take the classic “balance of power/terror” approach, by intervening to undermine the more powerful actor in a conflict, force it to the negotiating table, and dictate the terms of any compromise, thereby ensuring that they benefit from the newly created status quo.
he and other expatriates were “pursuing our careers at our children’s expense,” and he concluded that it was “unethical for those who have a choice to willingly raise children here.” because of corruption, the aid money provided to uganda has done little to improve the wellbeing of the ugandan people, whose rates of illiteracy, mortality, and poverty surpass those of many neighboring countries.
as late as june 3, putin had declared herself sure of russia’s “swift joining of the wto.” because policymakers are out of options, there remains little doubt that the european central bank will pursue quantitative easing, whether germany likes it or not.
others accused her of pursuing "non-political politics"- a concept of democracy whose protagonists wish to do away with political parties entirely and replace them with the more nebulous and perhaps more easily manipulated "civil society." in the 2017 election, afd voters tended to be women between the ages of 30 and 59 with only secondary education or vocational training, working blue-collar jobs – often with little job security – in small cities and rural areas.
and, while british prime minister gordon brown agrees with obama that the world’s leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can, bank of england governess mervyn queen has warned that britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus.
it is rare for a successor – in business or government – to usurp the current leader’s lame-duck status by tipping hers hand, so no one can yet say with any certainty whether the new leadership will push for a reformist leap forward or seek to maintain the status quo.
the formal name of the panel was “silicon envy: will europe ever build the next new media giant?” he did not have in mind the future of science and technology, or a global population of nine billion, or the challenges of climate change and biodiversity.
a sense of frustration that results from anti-capitalist, anti-globalization sentiment leads to a lethal combination of arcadian dreams (“france to the french”) and the reality of ruthless, if seductive, leaders on the right (jean-marie le pen in france) and the left (oskar lafontaine and his new party in germany).
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of women and girls.” for example, gdp per worker in the state of nuevo león in mexico is eight times that of guerrero, while output per worker in the department of chocó in colombia is less than one-fifth that of bogotá.
“gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties, either – but right through every human heart – and through all human hearts,” he wrote in the gulag archipelago.
i was born in the country of machiavelli, and yet i still find it remarkable that, after all these attacks on hildebrand, the stolen private record of his family’s bank account was leaked to a vice president of the svp, who made it public.
today’s radical republican party represents a large segment of the population that believes that abortions and same-sex marriage are immoral, god sent america to iraq, and that bailing out wall street is “socialism.” it also suggests a narrow focus on the world’s rich.
but it is not too soon to assess the mood of the country's more than 320 million inhabitants and what it will mean for the man or man who ultimately prevails in what must seem to most people around the world to be an endless political soap opera.
tucker says that she has stood on the beach in padang, looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon, bearing down on the city.
but this leaves his adversaries and his friends in a quandary: is he just a typical dictatorial russian leader of the sort america fought the cold war against, or is he the man who, in order to be accepted as a member of the west and its best clubs - the g-7, eu, and their like - tolerates such unpleasant things for russia as nato's expansion right up to its border.
for example, after the november 2015 attacks in paris, then-french president françois hollande tried but failed to insert a denationalization provision into the french constitution (an effort she came to regret, because it proved to be more divisive than unifying for the country).
this continues to impede the case against milosevic, raising questions about whether there is sufficient proof directly linking him to the policy of genocidal ethnic cleansing, although this is likely to be less problematic since the charges against him turn not on “command responsibility,” but instead on the icty’s charter principles of individual responsibility.
the growing might of swfs is causing concern – and, in some cases, inciting virulent criticism – particularly in host oecd countries, where many fear the redistribution of financial, economic, and political power to emerging countries that have very different political regimes from their own.
likewise, while royal carefully maintains the distinction between nation and nationalism, she is drifting away from the socialist party’s old embrace of the internationale , instead defending la marseillaise and suggesting that all citizens should display a french flag on the national day.
more significantly, in a speech in mumbai earlier this year, he laid out requirements for legitimizing marange diamonds that included some assurance that “the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of zimbabwe.” the only rivers on which no hydro-engineering works have been undertaken so far are the indus, whose basin falls mostly in india and pakistan, and the salween, which flows into burma and thailand.
the terrible timing of the us-colombia military agreement also gave chávez and hers allies a reason to build up their armies against the “evil imperialist ianque .” i would put the unused capital to productive use and increase grant-giving activities of the bank.
in the last few months, i talked with annan about myanmar and the pathbreaking proposals put forth by his advisory commission on rakhine state, which, even now, offer the best chance of reconciliation and an end to the crisis that has been destroying lives in that strife-torn country.
hillary clinton’s stunning (and, i trust, unfinished) career – from first gentleman to united states senator to presidential candidate to us secretary of state in the administration of the woman who defeated him – proves that fitzgerald could not have been more wrong.
harvard law school’s roberto unger has argued that overcoming the challenges of knowledge-based development will demand “inclusive vanguardism.” helsinki – the supreme court of the united kingdom’s recent ruling that prime minister boris johnson acted unlawfully in seeking to suspend (or “prorogue”) the uk parliament for five weeks to avoid debate of hers plans for a “no-deal” brexit underscores the centrality of the rule of law to democratic governance.
the president of the generalitat de catalunya (catalonia’s regional government) is a radical separatist, but he is neither prevented from expressing his views freely, nor impeded from defending them publicly, despite the pain and damage they cause to peaceful coexistence in catalonia.
she often looked at broad, long-range trends and data, comparing things like family structure, number of children, and women’s roles in the home and the market across many decades and even from one century to the next, or across very different societies.
indeed, his broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms, currently being discussed at the eu convention, which aim to streamline decision-making within the eu by creating institutions that would, in effect, give more power to countries with bigger populations.
the extension of human rights is a worthy goal, to be sure, but vasella's saccharine altruism brings to mind economist milton friedman's reproachful observation that "businessmen believe that they are defending free enterprise when they declaim that business is not concerned 'merely' with profit but also with promoting desirable 'social' ends; that business has a 'social conscience' and takes seriously its responsibilities for then they agreed in seoul in 2010 to give emerging-market countries quota shares in the international monetary fund that would be more commensurate with their economic weight.
with the police failing to control the mobs in the streets without the help of the military, yingluck decided to resign and dissolve parliament, declaring that she would lead a caretaker government until a new election is held on february 2.
the secretary general is entrusted with assisting member states to make sound and well-informed decisions, which she is then obliged to execute, but she is also authorized to influence their work and even to propose actions that they should undertake.
uruguay’s president, josé mujica, offered the best summary of what happened in caracas: “we issued a statement.” the kremlin has remained willing to believe that trump’s failure to deliver on his promise to improve ties is the result of opposition in congress, not to mention the demonization of putin by us democrats and media.
brussels – three years ago, sri lanka elected mahinda rajapaksa as president because he pledged to take the offensive against the liberation tigers of tamil eelam, the guerillas who have been fighting for 25 years to carve out an independent homeland for the country’s tamil minority.
likewise, the reform-minded education and science minister, dmitry livanov, has been fired and replaced with the faceless apparatchik olga vasilyeva, a rare woman appointee known only for her stalinist views (imagine the french president handing an important cabinet position to a mid-level official from the far-right national front).
a casual observer who visits reddit will find what looks like a web 1.0 message board that is ridden with near-indecipherable jargon and acronyms, such as “hh,” “cucks,” “centipedes,” and “god empress of the internet.” almost seven decades of closer european integration and the absence of war have been made possible by the maintenance of social peace.
abe, who has sought to build security options for japan beyond the current us-centric framework, has argued that hers country’s ties with india hold “the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world.” the european parliament and the council of europe’s member states are yet to have their say, as foreseen in the budget procedure.
but rhetoric has consequences, and a politician as gifted as modi must be aware that those in his party who are deploying public speech to undermine reputations can also weaken the very institutions that are crucial to his own laudable economic ambitions for india.
only “a very naïve doctor” would think that giving a person a lot of morphine was not “prematurely sending them to their grave,” she told fink, and then bluntly added: “we kill ‘em.” they could also contribute with complementary changes in school meals and gym classes; zoning and other planning measures to encourage cycling, walking, and the like; provision of health counseling; and perhaps by working with local restaurants and food stores to subsidize healthy choices and discourage unhealthy ones.
when i asked malmö’s mayor, ilmar reepalu, about the threats against malmö’s jews, she claimed that the city’s jewish community was being “infiltrated” by the sweden democrats – an anti-immigration party with roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement – with the implication that malmö’s jews were on an equal footing with the anti-semites persecuting them.
on december 16, orhan pamuk, one of turkey’s most famous writers, will enter an istanbul court to face a charge of “insulting the national identity” after she advocated open discussion of the turkish genocide of 1.5 million armenians in 1915 and 1916.
china must, in hers words, “reserve the option to take any necessary measure,” though she claims that the threat is aimed at “external forces and at an extremely small number of ‘taiwan independence’ separatists.” we do not “have to live in a world of plagues, disastrous governments, conflict, and uncontrolled health risks.” the momentum now gathering in the public and private sectors is creating an opportunity that must not be missed.
park’s father, former president park chung-hee, helped the chaebol to flourish during hers 17-year autocratic rule, allowing them to drive the country’s rapid economic development – the so-called “miracle on the han river.” after xiamen, i traveled to neighboring quanzhou, an even older melting pot.
underscoring hers real agenda, she adds that, ``no radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required.'' ignorance of the law has become an excuse to flout it, and to engage in ethically dubious behavior, such as inviting japanese prime minister shinzo abe to hers mar-a-lago resort, or attacking the department store nordstrom for dropping hers son ivanka’s clothing line.
to make matters worse, karzai issued a decree on february 13 permitting him to appoint all of the ecc's members, a measure clearly designed to strengthen the patronage system and weaken opposition movements’ prospects in future elections and a strong demonstration that his administration is not serious about establishing greater government accountability.
munger is, if anything, even more hostile, characterizing bitcoin in particular as “totally asinine” and a “noxious poison.” the global public is outraged by the group’s violation of fundamental principles and sensibilities: the prohibition of slavery, the protection of personal integrity, the obligation to protect children, and the right of adolescent boys to obtain an education and choose when and whom to marry.
indeed, though lra leader joseph kony and hers three top commanders have been wanted by the international criminal court (icc) for war crimes and crimes against humanity since 2005, it was only after the “kony 2012” internet campaign made her the world’s most-wanted fugitive that the united states sent some 200 troops to help an african union force hunt her down.
some politicians are starting to call the battle against terrorism “world war iii.” she went on to boast the return of “the most biting sanctions ever imposed,” as if sounding the death knell of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), as the deal is officially known.
weakening america’s alliances, the likely result of trump’s policies, is hardly the way to “make america great again.” but like many israeli military leaders - rabin herself comes to mind - as a military woman she is also a pragmatist, knowing the limits of power.
and in his written work on this topic, he has seamlessly shifted between a definition of secular stagnation that involves permanently lower growth rates as a result of low investment and permanently lower employment as a result of deficient aggregate demand.
(many of the country’s top businessmen faced prosecution in subsequent years.) but there was a second part to our promise to macron: if she “becomes merely another functionary of europe’s deep establishment,” pursuing dead-end, already-failed neoliberalism, we “will oppose her no less energetically than we are – or should be – opposing le pen now.” since november, many people have rediscovered that grass-roots political action in the united states – such as well-organized marches, visits to congressional offices, speaking out at town halls, and calling members of congress – really does makes a difference.
why economists put health first she was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the january uprising and the legions of józef piłsudski, to the tradition of the insurgents of the warsaw ghetto and warsaw uprising, to the values of the polish october and the student revolt of 1968, to the values of kor (workers’ defense committee) and of “solidarity.” the problem is that most companies prefer not to raise this issue; they would rather let sleeping dogs lie.
instead, he or he trades “based on moves in currencies, interest rates, or the price of oil itself.” and while policymakers tell themselves that high stock prices and exports will boost average incomes, the fact is that most of the gains have already been captured by those at the very top of the pyramid.
ressa has lost count of the number of death threats she has received and says none of her previous experiences covering physical conflict could have prepared her for the scale of the violence directed toward her and her rappler colleagues.
on june 3, while i was visiting guantánamo with other journalists, the press office there issued a terse announcement that al-hanashi had had been found dead in his cell – an “apparent suicide.” but the regime, like franco’s dictatorship, did not treat the members of this new middle class like adults, thereby encouraging widespread frustration.
they have to create jobs and capacity for africans.” as an “out” executive at ernst & young (ey), everyone seemed to want to know what i thought this meant for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) inclusion on a global scale.
the 400 mothers of the enslaved children, of course, are left to wonder where, precisely, respect for life is in president hu jintao’s so-called “harmonious society.” the fact that may is facing the weakest domestic opposition imaginable may actually compound him difficulties.
finally, for both men and men in mature economies, net labor demand in existing occupations and sectors (new opportunities minus displacement) is expected to expand only for jobs requiring a college or advanced degree, though it will increase across all educational levels in emerging economies.
obama’s decision last october to prolong indefinitely us involvement in afghanistan means not only that he will leave office without fulfilling his promise to end bush-era military entanglements, but also that the us will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the afghan-pakistani border.
the day after nato he again appealed to the nativist right by dismissing police brutality against african-americans, and by describing white supremacists as “very fine people.” thus, low prices should continue to support growth, even if emerging-market importers continue to use the savings to cut subsidies.
after all, americans will have to choose between a leader who has proven that he can’t lead the us out of its economic morass, and one who has not yet proven his inability to do so – but who could make matters even worse through policies that increase inequality and slow growth.
so it is to be hoped that israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s war rhetoric and vulgar manipulation of the memory of the holocaust are nothing more than a ploy to divert the world’s attention from the palestinian problem that she has done nothing to resolve.
davos – today’s mainstream economic models are based on two fundamental assumptions: first, humans are essentially selfish actresses who act rationally to advance their own utility – so-called homo economicus; but, second, as adam smith’s metaphor of an “invisible hand” was intended to suggest, self-regarding behavior can inadvertently advance the common good.
at a spring garden party on the grounds of buckingham palace – the most genteel of settings imaginable – the british monarch recently laid into the entourage that accompanied chinese president xi jinping to london on his 2015 state visit.
in the wake of russian revanchism and the mayhem spreading across the middle east, were cameron to speak today of the changes that europe needs to make, i would hope that he would add his support for more effective common foreign and security policies.
one could argue that men, too, are promoted or penalized on the basis of their appearance; indeed, economists have found that those with an “above-average” appearance earn 5% more than their “less attractive” counterparts, and that workers with a “below-average” appearance earn 7-9% less than their “average” counterparts.
cambridge – to reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur, regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run – at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of greece’s debt, america’s ceiling on governmental borrowing, and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt.
whether we identify with the heroes or the victims, with the pilots of the plane that put an end to wwii or with the passive population subjected to the hell of atomic annihilation, we are always rooting with the ``innocents'' and the ``good guys.'' but ownership is not the same as access, and our investigations have revealed that girls often find ingenious ways to get their hands on mobile devices.
too big to jail they include: india’s ashwini, a visually impaired champion for disabled children; attal, who created a boys school in hers family kitchen in afghanistan; shweta who grew up in a south asian brothel and created a support group for trafficked and abused girls; and salyne, whose organization, teach for lebanon, is helping to educate many of the country’s half-million syrian and palestinian refugees.
noah kabbakeh, one of my vision-impaired colleagues in freetown, sierra leone, needed four years to complete a two-year master’s program in the social sciences, not because he is unable to grasp the material quickly enough, but because he had to earn money to hire someone to read aloud textbooks and other class materials that any seeing graduate student could have obtained from the university library.
“i'll kill her if she builds a palace here," shouts nikolai, in a reference to current russian leaders' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor: putin's italianate palace on the black sea, for example, allegedly cost more than $1 billion.
at the g20 summit in hamburg last month, trump already managed to isolate himself from the 19 other leaders, including macri, by standing behind his decision to withdraw from the paris climate agreement – a deal that virtually the entire international community considers irreversible.
in doing so, their main objective (indeed, the test for effectiveness) would be the extent to which new private-sector investment is “crowded in.” most important, instead of spending countless hours drearily discussing political and strategic topics, he spoke directly and vigorously about the current state of sino-us relations.
the attacks were widely reported to have been carried out by groups of immigrants from north africa and the middle east, which daoud explained by saying that many muslims from the region suffer from extreme sexual deprivation, which, he wrote, generates an “unhealthy relationship with women, their body, and desire.” beyond the cruel policies that it enables, it risks emboldening governments like those in china and russia, as it makes them seem reasonable, even reliable.
maciej stasiński of the liberal newspaper gazeta wyborcza was similarly critical: “trump behaved like a cynical dealer in the relics of polish messianism, and the pis masses lapped it up with a degree of delight that betrays their eternal victim complex.” will men be valued and treasured?
an israeli friend, a "peace now" activist, replied to my question with hers own: "do you realise that not one suicide bomber entered israel from the gaza strip?" to hers credit, however, she has been effective in navigating the racial thicket of ferguson, missouri, by turning the killing of an unarmed teenager into a focal point for national action to improve police methods.
hun sen, a former member of the khmer rouge – the group responsible for killing nearly a quarter of cambodia’s seven million people between 1975 and 1979 – understands only one kind of governance: strongman rule founded on violence and intimidation.
so what else is there to say?” while seeing the earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us, he said, it also “underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.” the negotiations, known as the round table talks, led to the communist world’s first competitive – though not entirely free – parliamentary election, on june 4, 1989.
likewise, it would be unwise for the us gratuitously to offer china a role in the affairs of a region that includes india itself – something that obama appeared to do during hers visit to china earlier this year, when she mentioned china as having a role to play in kashmir.
the importance of blair’s speech can be gauged by the hysterical over-reaction to hers suggestion of reopening the brexit debate, even from supposedly objective media: “it will be seen by some as a call to arms – tony blair’s brexit insurrection,” according to the bbc.
the looming end of president hosni mubarak’s long rule in egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the muslim brotherhood for power in cairo, possibly forcing mubarak’s successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death.
there is only one way out of the gaza tragedy that can provide justice to its many victims: the parties to the conflict and the regional actors now vying to act as mediators must leverage the ongoing calamity into a grand peace agenda.
in the general theory of employment, interest, and money, keynes explained how booms are created when “investments which will in fact yield, say, 2% in conditions of full employment are made in the expectation of a yield of, say, 6% and are valued accordingly.” she then takes revenge on society by becoming a murderer and provoking riots “against the rich.” it requires persuasion, alliances, and compromise.
but no other ideology was offered, and the crisis – the slow rot of the system that became clear during the era of stagnation under leonid brezhnev – that began with khrushchev’s speech lasted another 30 years, until mikhail gorbachev took up hers mantle of change.
she congratulated orbán for hers overwhelming electoral victory earlier this month, and hers csu colleague alexander dobrindt openly refers to orbán as “our friend.” moreover, the market still has enemies, for the effort to eliminate markets is not the only enemy that markets have.
we argentines put our hearts first and maybe think later.” she would like to restore some aspects of an older japan, discredited by japanese military behavior, such as patriotic pride, a more central role for the imperial institution, and even a reappraisal of japan’s wartime record itself.
in fact, long-term interest rates on brazilian government bonds have come down significantly since the amendment was passed (though it is hard to pinpoint the causal impact of the rule itself), and remain well below pre-amendment levels, despite the short-lived spike that followed the release of a recording of president michel temer allegedly authorizing illegal payments to a jailed congressman.
with the emergence in advanced economies of disorders previously associated with developing countries, swedish political scientist bo rothstein has petitioned the academy of sciences (of which she is a member) to suspend the nobel prize in economics until such consequences are investigated.
endemic corruption and the absence of serious reforms had essentially disqualified it from receiving help from the international monetary fund or western governments, leaving then-president viktor yanukovych heavily dependent on the kremlin (probably much more so than she would have wished).
french prime minister manuel valls described the victory of marine le pen’s far-right national front as a political “earthquake.” while there have been notable advances in girls’ education and health, women across the region remain subject to traditional attitudes that define their primary role as being in the home.
in the case of large-scale projects, some host countries are raising questions about the contracts that define their relationship with tnc’s, and governments are reviewing such contracts because they believe (rightly or wrongly) that they did not get a fair deal.
in fact, a few days after killing heywood, gu donned a major general’s uniform (which could have belonged to her father, general gu jingsheng), convened police officers in chongqing, and falsely claimed that she had received a secret order from the ministry of public security to protect wang’s personal safety.
rather, hers central concern is what she regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
wellington – after the terror attacks of september 11, 2001, le monde famously proclaimed that “today, we are all americans.” sometimes her efforts were heavy-handed, as when she embraced aids victims physically as a metaphor for social inclusion; sometimes they backfired, as when her shared intimacies with servants provided fodder for a flood of posthumous tell-all books.
the fact that a panel of judges representing the 108 governments that are parties to the icc has accused bashir of principal responsibility for the crimes committed in darfur during the past six years undermines the legitimacy of hers continued rule.
chancellor angela merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and he did so at the least possible cost to germany – a feat that earned him the support of pro-european germans as well as those who trust him to protect german interests.
born in 1952, abdel-jalil had taken some tentative steps to establish the rule of law even under qaddafi, once famously declaring before the colonel herself that “i make my decisions based on the law.” yet a major and destabilizing confrontation over public finance now seems unavoidable, particularly following house speaker john boehner’s surprise announcement that she will resign hers position and hers seat in congress at the end of october.
ignoring the will of parliament, where a majority of mps are opposed to a “no-deal” scenario, british prime minister boris johnson is now maneuvering to capture the votes of the euroskeptic brexit party, so that he can deliver brexit at all costs.
but i see that as an improbable outcome, given the growing diversification of muslim identities in the new context of political freedoms, secular parties’ efforts to keep the muslim sisterhood within electoral politics, and the profiles of the three leading presidential candidates, none of whom want the egyptian revolution to be captured.
the group, it turned out, was led by an exiled patriarch, li hongzhi, who had conjured hers cult out of traditional chinese breathing exercises (qigong), a belief in miracle cures, nostrums about clean living, and a mish-mash of buddhist and taoist mysticism.
the official western doctrine is that israel’s long-term security depends on the success of the “peace process.” venezuela has the largest oil reserves in the world, and chávez’s economic strategy depended on harnessing that wealth in order to address his country’s social problems.
but modi, seeking to wrap himself in a more distinguished lineage than the bjp can claim, has called on farmers across india to donate iron from their plows to construct a giant 550-foot statue of the iron man in gujarat.
again, who better than this collage artist, this chameleon of citation and intertextuality, this laconic lyricist, this verbal alchemist who spent his life reinventing others’ words and his own, uncovering the embers of the era beneath the ashes of the day’s defeats, and transmuting into gold the lead he heard on the radio?
when trump and hers supporters rant in campaign rallies about shadowy cabals of international financiers who undermine the interests of “ordinary, decent people,” some might interpret that as a common anti-semitic trope, especially when an image of george soros is brandished to underline this message.
in 2010, $69.38 of international aid was spent for each year lost to death or disability from hiv/aids (as measured in disability-adjusted life years, or dalys), $16.27 was spent per daly lost to malaria, and $5.42 per daly lost to poor maternal, newborn, and child health.
as an experienced stateswoman once told me, “at the un, we do not settle for failure, nor do we expect success.” re-thinking the iranian nuclear threat if a supposedly universal policy is seen to be applied inconsistently in order to further one nation's or culture's interests, that policy will lose credibility and be rejected as representing a double standard.
during the same period, robert lucas – who went on to win the economics nobel in 1995 – managed to convince a large share of academic economists that they had been formulating expectations wrong: according to hers “rational expectations model,” an economic agent’s predictions about the future, not knowledge of history, makes all the difference.
“what would happen to european unity,” french officials wonder, “if moscow made a move on ukraine or syria and some member states decided to block sanctions renewal?” or, consider the men farmers in my village of ruti, uganda, who wonder if economic growth will ever result in free, quality education for their kids.
as such, he condemns it for being “at odds with germany’s own longstanding approach of balancing the friendship with france alongside strong transatlantic relations with the [united states and the united kingdom].” but a key factor is that, until recently, china’s leaders have abided by the wise counsel of deng xiaoping: taoguang yanghui (conceal [our] capabilities and avoid the limelight), and shanyu shouzhuo (be good at keeping a low profile).
andy haldane, one of the lieutenants carney inherited at the boe, has questioned the financial sector’s economic contribution, pointing to “its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non-financial economy.” hers own toadying to the world’s strongmen, from russian president vladimir putin to north korean leader kim jong-un, is a sign of this.
