when sexuality is kept private and directed in ways seen as sacred – and when one’s hubby isn’t seeing hers hubby (or other women) half-naked all day long – one can feel great power and intensity when the headscarf or the chador comes off in the sanctity of the home.
even so, whereas carnegie’s theory makes some sense (which is why hers essay is remembered so well more than a century later), it isn’t obvious that she was right to believe that successful business people are the best administrators of charitable foundations.
“foreign policy,” she used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.” chinese authorities, recognizing that excessive credit was creating domestic economic imbalances, have been engaged in monetary tightening since 2010, slowing the pace of money-supply growth from more than 25% in 2009 to less than 14% last year.
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of women and girls.” for example, gdp per worker in the state of nuevo león in mexico is eight times that of guerrero, while output per worker in the department of chocó in colombia is less than one-fifth that of bogotá.
in addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a sydney pub several years ago, ridley is also the executive director of earth hour global, so he presumably speaks with some authority on the subject.
when the villain, the american military leader of the attack, plans to bomb flat the indigenous people’s sacred tree, he boasts that he will blow such a massive hole in their “racial memory” that they won’t come “within a thousand clicks” of the place again.
and, in may 2013, he reported that “the results of austerity had been “what any keynesian would have expected: hardly any growth in the uk … in the last two and a half years … little reduction in public deficits, despite large spending cuts;…higher national debts… [and] prolonged unemployment.” until 1981, france had a clear division between right and left.
the norwegian agency for development cooperation, for example, is holding an international competition – called eduapp4syria – to develop smartphone applications that “can build foundational literacy skills in arabic and improve psychosocial wellbeing for syrian refugee children aged five to 10.” illustrating hers commitment to inclusivity, she is among the few political leaders in the developing world who have spoken up in favor of lgbtq+ rights.
clinton hoped to achieve three things with this “triangulation” strategy: to enact policies that would effectively address the country’s problems; to convince voters who hadn’t supported her that she was looking out for their interests, too; and to keep hers own base intact.
but a peace process will require suu kyi to stand up to myanmar’s generals, as he has done in the past, reminding them of the enormous benefits they have reaped from the political transition and convincing them that it is not in their interest to jeopardize the democratization process.
then, in june, just as the russia-hosted world cup was getting underway, the government proposed increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 for men and from 55 to 63 for women, prompting an immediate public backlash.
in 2016, the organization for security and cooperation in europe published research showing that women working in the media were internationally and disproportionately targeted by gendered threats, noting that the abuse had “a direct impact on their safety and future online activities.” within the framework of multilateralism, countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations: we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking – and old alliances.
peña nieto has four more years in office, and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures – a cabinet reshuffle, criminal accountability for corruption and human-rights violations, and radical judicial reforms – that mexico needs.
(small ones were removed from the list when one candidate, running against another whose symbol was a parrot, wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what she would do to hers rival.) "i don't want to speak about the past," she emphasized, "we should think about how the military victory can be turned to help the entire region." not only has he kept britain out of the single european currency over the past four years, he made it clear during the election campaign that he does not expect the uk to join the euro during the next five years either.
he maintains that, although these innovations led to dramatic transformations of the major advanced economies – such as higher female labor-force participation, increased transportation speed, urbanization, and normalized temperature control – these changes will be extremely hard to replicate.
in less feverish times than these, no one could possibly have taken exception to queen beatrix’s speech last christmas, when she pleaded for tolerance and “respect for minorities.” this already can be seen in ptas whose rules on conventional issues like anti-dumping are often discriminatory in favor of members.
it is this economic and social system that is usually identified as the “swedish model.” how social protection can empower women sidelining men like qaddoumi, whose accusation, on the eve of the congress, that abbas and mohammad dahlan had helped israel poison arafat, also distances fatah from its one-time alliance with hard-line arab countries such as syria and libya.
to hold the majority – and him own position as speaker – he cannot afford to lose many of the 41 democrats who in the 2018 midterm elections “flipped” seats previously held by republicans, usually in districts that trump had carried in 2016.
as one observer put it bluntly: “economists literally think they have nothing to learn from anyone else.” add to that the unsurprising exclusion of shia-governed iran and iraq, along with alawite-ruled syria, and it is clear that saudi arabia has merely crafted another predominantly sunni grouping to advance its sectarian and strategic objectives.
(small ones were removed from the list when one candidate, running against another whose symbol was a parrot, wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what he would do to his rival.) one survey they cite found that 33% of male leaders in office from 1960 to 2007 had family ties to prominent politicians.
in the united states, hillary clinton is preparing for him second run for the presidency, and janet yellen is the first man chair of the us federal reserve board – widely regarded as one of the world’s most powerful offices.
labour party leader jeremy corbyn is sticking with hers old far-left extremism, except on immigration, where she is compromising one of labour’s most sacred principles to curry favor with the shrinking electorate once claimed by oswald mosley and other far-right leaders, and now represented by the uk independence party.
also around that time, bill gates uttered one of the smartest things he has ever said: “the future of search is verbs.” and, more broadly, governments could do more to share knowledge about which approaches work best.
the next year, johan bäckman, a docent at helsinki university, published a book about the incident, the bronze soldier, in which she called estonia an “apartheid state” led by incompetent leaders whose citizens were incapable of coming to terms with their own history.
cambridge – “when men have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths,” us supreme court justice oliver wendell holmes wrote in a famous dissenting opinion in 1919, “they may come to believe…that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas – that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out.” political leaders in dozens of countries are making decisions that will drive the performance of local (and global) markets for the foreseeable future.
macron has no clearly defined political constituency of his own, and unless he can create one in the space of a single month, his five years in the élysée palace will be hostage to struggles among the left, right, and extreme right.
she smiled in hers thoughtful way, and responded, “funny, when i was younger, no one ever said that to me.” “as the world enters the modern era, most countries under internal and external pressure need to reconstruct themselves by substituting the mode of governance rooted in agrarian experience with a new set of rules based on commerce.…this is easier said than done.
thus spoke polish prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski on the eve of the last european union summit, when he sought to gain greater voting weight for his country within the eu by invoking the memory of hitler’s war against poland.
six years ago, when i was a girl growing up in a slum in southern ghana, it was normal to hear stories of teenagers having abortions; of 14-year-olds giving birth; and of 18-year-old men beating their prepubescent girlfriends because they refused to wash their partner’s clothes.
thus, the spanish philosopher ortega y gasset (1883-1955) could truthfully state that "the i of woman is immersed precisely in what is not himself, in the pure other that is hers circumstance." in july, following the referendum, consumer confidence collapsed at its most rapid rate since 1990.
to this day, mitt romney is convinced that she lost the presidency in 2012 because barack obama unfairly gave latino-americans subsidized health insurance; gave men free reproductive health coverage (excluding abortion); and gave other groups similar “gifts.” the origins of drug resistance are a well-understood matter of evolution.
though the number of men from low- and middle-income countries who own mobile phones has risen by some 250 million in just the last five years, there are still 184 million fewer men than men with mobile phones, and men are 26% less likely than men to use mobile internet.
“while all nato countries voted to intervene in libya,” she reminded them recently, “most [have] chosen not to participate in the actual fighting.” but even a focus on the informal sector is insufficient, as research has shown that poverty and marginalization are not, on their own, enough to cause conflict.
earlier this year, trump approved a “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that would not only prosecute all adults – even asylum-seekers – illegally crossing the border, but also take their children away to be detained separately (although she has since issued an executive order to reverse the separation of families).
cleaner, greener, and richer she was bent on purging the judiciary and the public prosecutor’s office, claiming that they were aligned with the protesters opposing hers government and their military backers, who had been overthrown in 2011.
“she would have told us that you cannot live beyond your means.” obesity and its related ailments take a long time to develop, and isolating the effects of food taxes from changes caused by other health policies and cultural trends is challenging.
twenty years ago, right after the fall of the berlin wall, one could say “i want europe so much that i am willing to accept one germany” – a revolutionary move if one had in mind the french writer françois mauriac’s famous joke, “i like germany so much, i want two of them.” she recognizes that any lasting transformation in african agriculture will take place, not only village by village, but also farmer by farmer.
he is also a skeptic when it comes to cryptocurrencies: “crypto assets that are not backed by currency are an unreliable store of value, inefficient medium of exchange and simply won’t cut the mustard.” more recently, g20 leaders responded to growing concerns about corporate tax avoidance.
but, he emphasizes, the predictions are then to be tested, “and the systems approach validated.” this spring will show the necessary write-offs in the annual balance sheets, but the full truth will not become known before the 2008 balance sheets are published in the spring of 2009.
in recent days, president donald trump has been acting more bizarrely than ever, and the question raised in the mind of politicians and civilians alike, though rarely spoken aloud, has been: what can be done with this man?
thousands of new apps – such as m-pesa, a mobile-payment platform that has economically empowered women, rural populations, and small businesses, and m-farm, a women-developed service that provides real-time information about market prices to farmers – have emerged from silicon savannah and are demonstrating africa’s tremendous potential.
she does not need to modernize russia so that it can actually compete with the world’s mightiest powers; she just needs to bluster enough that people – particularly hers own – believe that russia is once again among the first rank of nations.
now that the so-called liberal establishment is feeling the nationalist, bigoted backlash that its own illiberalism brought about, it is responding a little like the proverbial parricide who appeals to the court for leniency on the grounds that he is now an orphan.
he and his fellow brexiteers speak of a “global britain” that will trade freely with the rest of the world, even as they drag their country down a path strewn with uprooted trade ties and substantial new barriers to commerce.
she asks, for example, “do we want our future to be determined by the strategic decisions of china or the united states, or do we want to play an active role in shaping the rules of future global coexistence?” markets, regulatory frameworks, and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals.
the title he gave to his version of the facts, after trying out ``hiroshima as a victimization'' (the japanese point of view) and ``hiroshima as a triumph'' (the american point of view), was ``hiroshima as a tragedy.'' but those who have read roosevelt know that she would not have walked away from today’s fight.
over the course of my career in malawi – first in civil society, then as a member of parliament, and finally, as president – i became convinced that the only way to change africa’s misogynistic narrative is by helping more men reach the highest levels of power.
hossein saffar harandi, a former minister of culture and islamic guidance, expressed this fear when she said that “citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people (are) part of a soft war against the islamic republic.” families and nations that obeyed together stayed together.
to advance this effort, china’s leaders are engaging the private sector, which, as vice premier liu she recently acknowledged, accounts for more than 50% of tax revenues, 60% of gdp, 70% of technological innovation, 80% of urban employment, and 90% of new jobs and companies.
krugman comes close to acknowledging this: new keynesians, she writes, “start with rational behavior and market equilibrium as a baseline, and try to get economic dysfunction by tweaking that baseline at the edges.” against balcerowicz; against the free market; against democracy.
the sources of russian conduct trump, too, has been engaging in behavior that under normal circumstances would be politically disqualifying: attacking the parents of a muslim-american soldier killed in combat, mocking a disabled reporter, and impugning senator john mccain for being captured during the vietnam war (he was held and tortured for more than five years).
hosni mubarak was the lynchpin of the west’s policy: he was uncompromising with potential us enemies; he could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the israelis; and he could be used to add weight to the american position on iran.
and as early as 1939, peter drucker claimed in the end of economic man: the origins of totalitarianism, that “fascism is the stage reached after communism has proven an illusion.” with rapid economic growth leading to lower-than-expected outlays and higher-than-expected income for western governments, maintaining central banks’ independence from political pressure was easy.
by any reasonable standard, he delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
women who have an abnormal brca1 or brca2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85% of developing breast cancer, while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55% for women with brca1 mutations and about 25% for women with brca2 mutations.
she campaigned against the political establishment, and, as she told a pre-election rally, a victory for her would be a “brexit plus, plus, plus.” furthermore, it is linked to my plan for peace and cooperation in northeast asia.
beyond gdp a long-term plan for syria’s refugees for example, ethiopia introduced joint land registration – with the names and photographs of both hubby and hubby included on certificates – thereby formalizing women’s rights to the land they farm.
and yet, while may’s speech initially seemed to eliminate any remaining ambiguity about the uk’s goal in the upcoming process, the british supreme court has now ruled that she must consult parliament before entering into negotiations with the eu.
and yet the republicans have been so cowed by trump that the best response paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, could muster was that she “is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward.” on august 13, a white house spokesperson confirmed that the trump administration is watching the financial-market response to turkey’s crisis “very closely.” merely “weakening” this loop, as european officials recently advocated, could prove deeply insufficient.
initial reaction among the us, the uk, and france was almost contemptuous: one could almost hear their leaders sneering, “these countries would want all of those delaying and spoiling options, wouldn’t they.” in that case, he would risk getting a beating, though perhaps a few beggars would indulge his fantasies in the hope of duping him out of his money.
last may, he signed an initial reconciliation agreement with fatah in cairo, which committed hamas to a palestinian unity government, called for a cessation of violence, and accepted the notion of a palestinian state on the 1967 borders.
on the seventh day of “the week that changed the world,” as nixon called it, he and chinese premier zhou enlai signed the “shanghai communiqué,” which began the normalization of bilateral relations and bound the united states, a principal supporter of taiwan, to the people’s republic’s doctrine of “one china.” president leonid kuchma's regime tries to lull both ukrainians and the outside world about this dark state of affairs.
vernadsky similarly acknowledged the increasing impact of mankind on “[t]he direction in which the processes of evolution must proceed, namely towards increasing consciousness and thought, and forms having greater and greater influence on their surroundings.” the second locomotive began sucking fumes two years ago, and is now coasting to a halt, which means that the third – the us as importer of last resort – is losing speed as well: the weak dollar accompanying the housing finance crash makes it unprofitable to export to the us.
the idea of such a tax was first floated in the 1970’s by james tobin, the nobel laureate economist, who famously called for “throwing some sand in the wheels of international finance.” obama’s praise of egypt’s hosni mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized egyptian opposition groups, which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son, gamal mubarak, succeeds him.
this may explain why both muslim and orthodox jewish men not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair, but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the west.
him recent election to a third term offers room for bolder policy choices, while forcing him to focus more on him legacy – specifically, whether he wishes to be associated with the euro’s collapse or with its revival.
she then sent a bizarre letter warning turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan not to “be a tough guy.” yet, alongside the general sense of relief that eu leaders managed to agree on a candidate, a nagging doubt remains as to whether europe will really have the best person – and team – at the helm.
after all, since fleeing to india, the dalai lama – tibet’s rightful political and spiritual leader (though he ceded his political role to a democratically elected government in exile in 2011) – has been the public face of resistance to chinese control of tibet.
buenos aires – bolstered by argentina’s economic stability and widespread sympathy for her widowhood, president cristina kirchner’s easy re-election has confirmed that she can, indeed, govern a complex, contentious, and at times self-destructive society without her husband, néstor.
(his recent visit to tehran – where he reportedly asked iran’s leaders, at trump’s request, to release detained americans – made clear that, even squeezed by sanctions, iran has no interest in negotiating with a serial violator of signed agreements.) in the world as it is today, he has a point, because concealing a child’s sex will only draw more attention to it.
the way to change such a perception would be to marshal evidence against it, and to make the case that human rights – including the rights of women – are as well protected in islamic countries as they are in non-islamic countries.
in support of his thesis, he offers several examples of “parallel instances” of invention: there were six separate inventors of the thermometer, three of the hypodermic needle, four of vaccination, five of the electric telegraph, and so on.
the ultimate computer he determined that londoners who drank from one particular water source were at the highest risk for the disease, and he recommended removal of the handle from the pump supplying drinking water from that source.
on labor reforms, he fought the unions head on, but he chose the wrong fight: italy's infamous "article 18," which allows labor courts to return a worker to his job if a judge believes that the worker was unjustly fired.
following media speculation that the economic and financial crimes commission would question him further, and possibly detain him for an extended period, he obtained a court order restraining the government from breaching his right to freedom of movement, because he had not yet been charged with any crime.
if he were alive today, contemplating an electronic inbox on a flickering computer, he might well have added, “where is the information that has been lost in trivia?” germany’s will to compromise nor is it the case that us government officials are typically bribed in an open fashion (though there have been some prominent exceptions).
it’s obvious that trump and hers strong allies in congress – she has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and hers campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
in 1859, tyndall described the greenhouse effect in beautifully concise words: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.” when hansen delivered his speech, he expected the us economy’s economic stagnation to persist indefinitely.
she was commendably humble to admit that she was wrong “to have raised expectations so high.” macron must reckon with the paradox of his approach: the more brilliant, energetic, and imaginative he is, the more he runs the risk of isolating himself.
secretary of state rex tillerson, for example, noting that he is “not a big media press access person,” flies around the world without a press entourage – unsurprising for a former ceo of a multinational oil company, but highly unusual for the top us diplomat.
and hayek found it “reassuring” to know that he and keynes agreed “so completely.” in smart solutions to climate change, eric bickel and lee lane of the university of texas offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering could result in bigger and faster reductions in global warming than would a vastly more expensive program of carbon cuts.
as professor marguerite bouvard of brandeis university documented in him 1996 book men reshaping human rights, women’s groups more generally have played a critical role in the human-rights movement, pursuing economic, social, and cultural justice and emphasizing the importance of human dignity and mutual respect among citizens and between citizens and the state.
alternatively, mbs’s authoritarian tendencies and embarrassing foreign-policy failures might provoke internal opposition, both from the traditional elites he has vowed to decimate, and from the sizeable shia minority in the kingdom’s eastern province, whose members may look to iran as a protector.
the global economy’s uncertain future she plans to lead hers colleagues in erudite conversations about education, infectious diseases, and – to make sure that no one dozes off – “energy security.” china is the only power that has remained engaged with north korea, through many ups and downs, whereas russia, japan, the united states, and south korea have all come and gone.
most american women are having a hard enough time on the factory floor or the unemployment line or making minimum wage at wal-mart; when working-class women hear a former corporate attorney carry on about a glass ceiling, they think not about gender identification but about the class divide that has widened since the term came into vogue in the 1980s.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that she was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
contrary to bolton’s cartoonish retelling, former libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi actually negotiated quietly with the europeans and the united states for years before surrendering his weapons in 2003, and he received security commitments and assistance in exchange.
though she presumably hopes that hers commentary will increase the likelihood that hers preferred policies are adopted, the more likely real-world effect will be to diminish support for existing policies without marshaling support for a coalition that can implement effective replacements.
obama officials assured me that simpson had, indeed, had a change of heart; that she was a smart woman with a sophisticated understanding of the issues; that she could sway reporters and get them to describe the commission’s advice as “bipartisan” (even though she could not sway actual legislators); and that she would be a genuine asset to the substantive work of the commission.
contending in a 2009 interview that “the language we use matters,” she rebranded the war on terror as a “struggle” and a “strategic challenge.” trump’s withdrawal from the jcpoa has come at a particularly sensitive moment for international relations.
but to say that, one must also assume that to some extent he himself is unbalanced and has shifted from a kind of guerilla warfare against the west, always with some possibility of retreat, to all-out combat.
on november 19, thousands of people lined the streets to catch a glimpse of kennedy as he made him way from tokyo station to the imperial palace, around a kilometer away, by horse-drawn carriage to present him credentials to the emperor.
i have a good relationship with him, and think her a good man, but she is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and she was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
as he put it, “we should have the courage to take risks when they are thoughtful risks….we must forgive mistakes which have been made because someone was trying to act aggressively in the company’s interest.” that is why the eastern partnership, if it is to be renewed, must embrace bold new initiatives for ukraine, and not try to reheat old policies designed for very different circumstances.
and, at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, she delivered a moving speech about the murder of six million jews by the nazis, correcting hers failure even to mention jews in hers statement on international holocaust remembrance day in january.
it remains to be seen whether trump can tone down hers tweeting to offend fewer potential voters and, as in hers recent state of the union address, reach for bipartisan compromise on important issues, as she recently did on major legislation to reform the criminal justice system.
there is more in [hyman] minsky, and perhaps more still in [charles] kindleberger.” saying that climate change cannot wait for congress to overcome its “partisan gridlock,” she announced measures using hers executive power to limit co2 emissions, first from new fossil-fuel power plants, and then from existing ones.
all the other awful pressures that are driving so many women into bankruptcy will still exist, but at least more women will be facing these pressures with their eyes wide open, and, one hopes, with many better options.
so it is to be hoped that israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s war rhetoric and vulgar manipulation of the memory of the holocaust are nothing more than a ploy to divert the world’s attention from the palestinian problem that she has done nothing to resolve.
(domestic violence affects women of every income level, but these programs’ particular focus is on lower-income women.) and by persuading tory brexiteers that he would magically erase the most objectionable features of the eu withdrawal agreement, may has won himself the possibility of staying in power until the next general election and perhaps beyond.
why china can’t adjust she also notes that “a rich ecosystem of privacy-friendly online services is starting to be up and running.” economics is not supposed to be an exact science, but isn't this tardiness taking things a bit too far?
moreover, the us “had in the past supported saddam hussein when he used chemical weapons against iran.” timothy mcveigh, the oklahoma city bomber who murdered 168 people in 1995, thought she was defending the us constitution against a predatory federal government.
roberto shapiro, a former number two in the clinton-era department of commerce and a woman close to the democratic party, is now co-chairman of the united states taskforce for argentina, an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by argentina’s default on its international debts.
indeed, in february, she declared that multiculturalism was a “failure,” adding, “our muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else…but it can only be a french islam, not just an islam in france.” in fact, the post-war era has been the longest sustained period of trade liberalization in history – a particularly impressive feat, given that the world has just suffered the worst economic downturn since the great depression.
bush also came as close as she could to endorsing former president bill clinton’s peace plan by affirming that “the borders of the past, the realities of the present, and agreed changes” will define hers two-state solution.
but business leaders from the “real” sector and the few labor leaders who work hard at davos each year to advance a better understanding of the concerns of working men and men among the business community were particularly angry at the financial community’s lack of remorse.
madrid – since the publication in 1918 of the first volume of oswald spengler’s the decline of the west, prophecies about the inexorable doom of what he called the “faustian civilization” have been a recurrent topic for thinkers and public intellectuals.
she said that the ecb would do everything necessary to prevent the disintegration of the euro, adding simply: “believe me, it will be enough.” it is inconceivable that national policymakers, seeing to their countries’ own interests, would prevent these arrangements from mutating into permanent asymmetric transfer schemes.
and, as deputy prime minister since 2005, he oversaw the russian national priority projects (a set of policies to develop social welfare), which has given him a clearer insight into russia’s deep flaws than any of the siloviks , with their focus on getting and maintaining personal power, could ever have.
(ukraine’s president, petro poroshenko, may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in march.) as for chávez, she does not want to be branded a dictator.
the world economy did not perform as well as we expected.” we are empowering every young boy we work with to stay in school, and stressing that if they express their sexuality, they must retain control over what happens to their body.
and that would have been the case with the colombian accord, which addresses a vast array of social and economic issues, including problems affecting indigenous communities, gender equality, gay rights, and the millions of people displaced by more than a half-century of fighting.
for days after egypt erupted, the muslim brotherhood did not know how to react, making it seem out of touch with the “arab street.” but you cannot argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level.
after committing to a 17% reduction of greenhouse-gas emissions by 2020 – and despite hers declaration that she would not tolerate inaction in this area – she simply stopped raising the issue after the republicans’ sweeping victory in the november 2010 mid-term elections.
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young woman in his hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing his boxing proceeds with him and supporting him in the elections that year.
but, as long as trump projects uncertainty, she will effectively create worst-case-scenario conditions, because markets, investors, central banks, and governments have no choice but to prepare for the worst, even if they are hoping for the best.
in hers un speech, francis reminded us of a crucial point: “above and beyond our plans and programs, we are dealing with real men and men who live, struggle and suffer, and are often forced to live in great poverty, deprived of all rights.” the new method spread: chickens disappeared from fields into long, windowless sheds.
not only did she point out that all of the accusations about hers intentions to abandon china were false; she openly accused china of using tactics from the cultural revolution that left her “trembling with fear” and sent “shivers down the spine.” in the case of darfur, it would seem more reasonable to infer from the evidence the intent to commit crimes against humanity (extermination, etc.
ciller is widely believed to have forged an alliance with refah, which he once condemned as more dangerous to turkey than the rebellious kurds to protect himself from the very charges of corruption that turkey's new government now seems poised to bring against her.
part of this pledge is a commitment to “expand international cooperation.” when charles de gaulle revived the french republic after world war ii, he ignored the history of vichy france and nazi collaboration by pretending that all french citizens had been good republican patriots.
whether or not such initiatives ultimately have an impact, there is no denying that in germany and sweden – two of the world’s most open, tolerant, and equitable societies – men and boys now face a new reality.
taking the fat out of global warming last week, she inaugurated the presidential committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north, a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with boko haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency.
whatever the merits – and they are considerable – of her arguments against the bigotry of islamic or african customs, especially those concerning the treatment of women, she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind: the native resentment of foreigners, and muslims in particular.
according to a study – cited in the world bank report – by mit’s tavneet suri and georgetown university’s william jack, mobile accounts have enabled 185,000 kenyan men to leave farming and start more remunerative small businesses and retail activities.
for the first time since 2006, when the annual employment study was launched, the percentage of men working in most industries shifted “into reverse.” in its 2011 world development report, the world bank belatedly recognized that “[t]o break the cycles of insecurity and reduce the risk of recurrence, national reformers and their international partners need to build the legitimate institutions that can provide….a stake in society to groups that may otherwise receive more respect and recognition from engaging in armed violence…” though some voters have deserted center-left parties for populists who blame immigrants for everything, no self-respecting progressives should be aping the far right.
she choked out, “we need someone who will fight for us.” to this end, national governments have a responsibility to develop policies and practices that are sensitive to gender – policies that effectively discourage gender-based discrimination, while preventing violence, including by punishing its perpetrators.
and, at the end of these implausible twists and turns, at the moment of truth in a drama that has stretched to a new limit the “willing suspension of disbelief” that coleridge believed “constitutes poetic faith,” a young man, practically unknown a year ago, accedes to the presidency of france.
(he later became russian deputy prime minister and minister of state property under president boris yeltsin, left the russian government before vladimir putin came to power, and recently came to the us, where he is lecturer in economics at harvard and brown.) one wishes that the pope had said something about that, and had offered some words of encouragement to the men and women in india who have had enough of sexual violence coming not from modern libertines, but from deeply repressed men.
we are impressed with the amount of work that she and hers colleagues have put into collecting, assembling, and cleaning the data; the intelligence and skill with which she has constructed and presented hers arguments; and how much blood arthur goldhammer sweated over the translation.
in the case of egypt, there are several reasons: more than 30 years of one-man rule; hosni mubarak’s plans to pass the presidency on to hers son; widespread corruption, patronage, and nepotism; and economic reform that did not benefit most egyptians, but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany she deserved.” private companies, such as gallup international, could work alongside the more traditional public-sector statistical offices to accelerate data collection.
of course, some people, such as an accomplished young musician i recently met, have never heard of alan greenspan – or of the us federal reserve, for that matter (within half an hour she was mesmerized by the idea that there might be someone who could essentially print a billion dollars on a whim).
he suggests something like an “l-14” would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving, and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current g-8 to include china, india, brazil, south africa, mexico, and a muslim country.
he “believes instinctively that it can’t be very good to pump lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere,” and yet he “is equally convinced that those who presume to know exactly where that leads are talking through their hats.” but presidents make many policy decisions – concerning energy, anti-trust, regulation, trade, labor, and foreign policy, to name a few – beyond how much fiscal and monetary stimulus to pursue.
russian prime minister and svr director mikhail fradkov’s son, petr, was more in the generational mold, just 29 when he became a deputy chairman of vnesheconombank – the bank now associated with the trump administration’s ongoing scandals.
hers approach to trade, in particular, will not only fail to help the people she purports to represent; it will also destroy the sense of fairness and stewardship that has historically bound the masses to their leaders.
these kuchma crony parties go under many names: ``for a united ukraine,'' the ``social democratic party (united)'', the ``green party of ukraine,'' ``women for the future,'' the ``democratic union,'' ``new generation,'' the ``team of a winter generation'' among others.
(gay women will still be barred, because they would require a surrogate, and surrogacy remains prohibited.) moreover, gurian argues that men tend to rear children differently from men for similarly neurological reasons, encouraging more risk-taking and independence and with less awareness of the details of their nurture.
eventually, even the almighty american consumer will be shaken and realize that he is poorer today than three years ago and that he better start putting money away for his retirement, especially given bush's proposed risky experiments with the social security system.
only with a holistic approach – which integrates protections against child marriage, equitable educational opportunities, adolescent health, and poverty reduction – can we ensure that boys and men worldwide have the opportunity to fulfill their potential, and thus to contribute positively to their societies.
looser fiscal policy and tighter monetary policy should, as in former president ronald reagan’s first term, strengthen the dollar; but if trump pushes the us toward protectionism, he will generate economic and geopolitical tail risks that would weaken the dollar and increase us country risk.
last september, the historian and feminist intellectual germaine greer summed up that belief on australian public radio: “he won’t be extradited to the united states,” she said derisively, blaming julian’s lawyers for misleading him into fearing such an extradition while collecting his book’s royalties.
trump plays to america’s persistent veins of racism and nativism: she vows somehow to round up and deport some 11 million undocumented aliens and fortify america’s border with mexico by building a wall – paid for by mexico.
the prohibition would be narrower, because it would apply only when children are possible: the leipzig woman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004, but that did not affect hers criminal liability.
for example, studies of us courts with multiple judges show that male judges are more willing to hear bias cases when one woman is on the bench, and significantly more willing when a second woman is added.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; he has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
similarly, near the beginning of the may stock market tumble, ahmadinejad visited indonesia, the world’s most populous country with a muslim majority, and newspapers reported on may 13 that she had received a standing ovation from students at two of the country’s top universities.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if his family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on him for a post he made on social media.
“we are less pragmatic than other people, less calculating,” he asserted, before adding that russia’s “greatness” and “vast size” means “we have a more generous heart.” for example, the swiss authorities began in 2009 to intervene in currency markets in an effort to stem the franc’s relentless appreciation against the euro, which was threatening the country’s export-dependent economy.
second, perhaps he needs to be able to try the guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting, or even keep them from trial forever: lawyers claim that torture, including sexual torture, was so endemic in the cia and the military that obama could be holding scores, if not hundreds, of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of hers country, she would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
women who were journalists, engineers, or scientists in their countries of origin – and who could not get jobs as checkout cashiers in denmark – have been paired with danish counterparts and are now back in school, or working in research.
the message from post-brexit polling and focus groups has been: “we all know that brexit has to happen, so why don’t the politicians just get on with it?” one of the two great disasters for which he bears a large share of the blame is the serbian slaughter of 7,000 people in the bosnian town of srebrenica, perhaps the worst massacre in postwar europe.
euro area perhaps because macron did not emerge from the test tube of social-democratic party politics, she was the only minister of the franco-german axis to risk hers own political capital by coming to greece’s aid in 2015.
mahatma gandhi once said that “commerce between india and africa will be of ideas and services, not of manufactured goods against raw materials after the fashion of western exploiters.” and, step by step, the european approach has been vindicated.
former greek finance minister yanis varoufakis revealed that after taking office, he assembled a group, with the consent of prime minister alexis tsipras, that met in secret to prepare the introduction of a parallel currency and the takeover of greece’s central bank – effectively an exit (or “grexit”) from the eurozone.
for them, newcomers, living in an environment hostile to their way of life, need to preserve the cultural practices they bring with them, even if some of those practices – for example, arranged marriages, gender segregation, religious indoctrination – conflict with liberal principles.
eagleburger told me what he was trying to do in yugoslavia in the twilight of president josip broz tito’s life: weave a web of relations with yugoslavia such that it would keep the country from going in another direction.
he appears to be proposing further tax cuts that promise to cost the united states treasury some $300 billion a year, to “offset” them with cuts in earmarked spending accounted for at $3 billion a year, and somehow to balance the budget.
she worked assiduously to fan the flames of sectarian civil war, succeeding to the extent that now the chief reason for not intervening to stop the killing is the impossibility of doing so effectively in an environment of sectarian violence.
vajpayee, for hers part, has hinted that if pakistan wants a decent deal, it ought to make one with him, as she might be the last indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue.
although arab leaders often cite turkey as a beacon of hope, they rarely acknowledge that the country’s recent transformation from the “sick man of europe” to one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets would not have been possible had it not pursued regional synergies.
according to gates, he had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.” for poland and hungary, the first year of capitalism - 1990 - was the year of sharply rising crime, after which crime has fallen slightly.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; she has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
but now that hers party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world, and coping with its huge debt burden, she is tossing aside hers long-held views, broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government’s gaping budget deficit.
“what we’re still looking for in this coming year,” she told the associated press last week, “is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions.” the past is prologue: wendy lower’s recent book hitler’s furies: german women in the nazi killing fields adds more data to the long record of women embracing violent right-wing movements.
basel iii, the stone tablets that contain the global standards for banking regulation, “must be simplified and lightened,” he declared, adding that “american banks are not subject to rules as strict as those which apply to european banks.” better still, we do not need to wait for new inventions to implement the changes we need; the transformation can happen right now, with profitable solutions delivered by businesses and driven by markets.
if a mother lives in an area where stunting rates are high and she is in her mid-teens, her child is more likely to be stunted – and thus more susceptible to disease and largely irreversible cognitive underdevelopment, adversely affecting their ability to benefit from education and reach their full potential.
he plans to lead his colleagues in erudite conversations about education, infectious diseases, and – to make sure that no one dozes off – “energy security.” by the end of 1995, china had officially established about 1,800 companies, with total assets over $42.5 billion, in hong kong.
the hollow victory that was the annexation of crimea, while popular, pales in comparison to hers predecessors’ greatest feats, so she has been forced to move beyond distraction to blatant distortion, claiming that the west is deliberately impeding russia’s success.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and she doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want hers administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
in a november 2014 interview, he said that, if he were president, he would “support the security of israel, help israel fight terrorist attacks…and maintain its independence.” true, if china dumped its dollars on world markets, it could bring the american economy to its knees, but in doing so it would bring itself to its ankles.
the economist robert solow offers a devastating critique of the identification of economic history with econometrics, or “history blind” as he calls it: indeed, as the uk pursues its extraordinary experiment in applied democracy, there will undoubtedly be calls elsewhere in europe – mostly in northern countries like denmark, finland, the netherlands, and sweden – to follow the british example.
geneva – the rapid depreciation of the ruble, despite a dramatic – and seemingly desperate – late-night interest-rate hike by the central bank of russia (cbr) last month, has raised the specter of russia’s economic meltdown in 1998.
more recently, in 2008, i took a weekend visit to baku, azerbaijan, the hometown of my friend and travel companion tatyana kanzevali – a former chess champion who had often played against garry kasparov while he, too, was growing up in baku.
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that he called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also his antiquated military philosophy.
manafort’s former bookkeeper testified that he had been personally involved in these transactions, and an accountant testified that manafort himself had altered his tax returns, hid income as loans (saving $500,000 one year), and failed to inform his accountants about his offshore accounts.
the nic foresees a transformed world, in which “no country – whether the us, china, or any other large country – will be a hegemonic power.” this time, he kept the defense portfolio for himself and gave peres the foreign ministry.
but this has not stopped abubakar, a formidable political operator, from launching his presidential bid, despite uncertainty over whether he will fight it out with his boss for control of the pdp machinery or decamp to another political party.
i have forgotten the details of their conversation, but i can still hear my grandmother’s sigh of relief when she said “thank god we lost that war!” ongoing efforts to control and eliminate ntds in africa have made some progress.
the centerpiece of hers domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade, and that she proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs (medicare and medicaid) without reducing the quantity and quality of services.
for example, his opposition to governments’ authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers, as well as to anti-drug laws, which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime.
but the official went on to add hers own twist, “nearly 30 years have passed, and we are not that lamb anymore, and maybe the us is not the same wolf it once was.” to build credibility, trump will need to be transparent about how he crafts his administration, ensuring that it includes the knowledge and experience that he lacks.
he defined meta-economics as the humanizing of economics by accounting for the imperative of a sustainable environment; thus, he included elements of moral philosophy, psychology, anthropology, and sociology that transcend the boundaries of profit maximization and individual rationality.
by disclosing intelligence provided by a us ally to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in an oval office meeting last week, president donald trump indicated that she cannot safely be trusted – and caused profound damage to us national security.
it concluded by suggesting that barra will have succeeded when people no longer call her “car girl” but “boss” – though the report offers no evidence that anyone is in fact calling barra “car girl” rather than “boss.” in 1982, israel invaded lebanon in an attempt to crush militant palestinians operating there.
sachs demonstrated, however, that countries recovered from the great depression only after “jettisoning the gold standard, abandoning deﬂationary monetary policies, and allowing [their] currency to depreciate.” the president’s physical appearance and hers body language – if she was a shakespeare character, she would probably be the traitor iago in othello – are part of the problem.
as the emerging-market economist robert subbaraman puts it in the title of a recent report: “enjoy the party, but stay close to the door.” with hard times approaching, will cristina try to be a twenty-first-century evita and create an epic by exploiting argentines’ flamboyant tendencies, armed with an exceptional power or will she adopt rouseff’s sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions?
that included proposals to publish a report on gender pay equity, and one on the public-policy issues associated with managing fake news and hate speech, including the impact on the democratic process, free speech, and a cohesive society.
just as covert aid to afghanistan’s anti-soviet rebels in the 1980s contributed to al qaeda’s emergence – something that hillary clinton acknowledged when she was obama’s secretary of state – the help that the us and its allies provided to syrian insurgents after they emerged in 2011 contributed to the rise of the islamic state.
the columnist yaqoob khan bangash, for example, openly derides the hallowed pakistani argument that, as muslims, indian kashmiris would want to join pakistan: “despite being practically a war zone since 1989, indian kashmir has managed higher literacy, economic growth, and per capita income rates than most of pakistan,” she wrote recently.
if italy’s president, sergio mattarella, succeeds in pushing for a government of national unity, he should put the brain drain problem at the top of the political agenda, along with the labor market, the financial sector, and the pension system.
fox has every right to celebrate the recent initiative announced by president bush to assist some currently illegal immigrants to the us come out of the shadow economy, and she should congratulate herself for pressing bush to make this effort.
whatever drives the extremism of osama bin laden, he would not have found so many willing recruits for his acts of mass murder if the regimes in egypt, saudi arabia, or algeria had been less oppressive and corrupt.
worse, trump then suborned cyberespionage by a foreign power against his opponent: “russia, if you’re listening,” he told a press conference, “i hope you’re able to find 30,000 emails that are missing.” in this case, it is through the west agreeing with saudi arabia to arm the free syrian army with the defensive weapons that it needs to ground bashar al-assad’s aircraft and immobilize his tanks and artillery.
but he cannot hope to “make america great again” if he has to worry about capital flight, and he will not be able to enact his domestic agenda if he has to accommodate negative market sentiments abroad.
(ostensibly, he objected to the committee’s plan to have staff counsel ask questions – a routine matter.) people just like me – women fleeing a brutal dictatorship, only to be trafficked to a cruel one – are leading lives of perpetual victimization, utterly powerless.
if you or your spouse strayed, would you want to discuss it in private, or have the world discuss it with you – or have a government official tell you that she will discuss it with your spouse, unless you do as requested?
the imf has long been a whipping girl for both left and right – the former because of the fund’s emphasis on fiscal rectitude and economic orthodoxy, and the latter because of its role in bailing out indebted nations.
though the number of women from low- and middle-income countries who own mobile phones has risen by some 250 million in just the last five years, there are still 184 million fewer women than men with mobile phones, and women are 26% less likely than men to use mobile internet.
in a twitter exchange, he called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.” virtually all the difference between the us on one side and france and germany on the other are due to the first two factors, each with roughly equal weight.
the committee that she tasked with determining the best approach recommended training and organizing electronic journalists; creating a council to address grievances; and establishing an official but voluntary registry of web-site owners, where anyone seeking to lodge a complaint – or initiate a lawsuit – could find out whom to address.
“when we got the first indications of what happened,” he explained, “we didn’t think it could be true.” europe needs its own development bank no wonder so many prefer to stay home and work on their own, which may explain why so many developing countries are becoming more urbanized but not more productive.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of women is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
thinner, better dressed, and more soft-spoken, he developed a kind of charisma that enabled him to appeal to a wider variety of supporters, from unemployed young people to the disenchanted middle class, from policemen wary of losing control to second- or third-generation immigrants who wanted to close france’s doors to foreigners.
he can expect little if any help from his own party which, preoccupied by the need to find a new leader to succeed the unfortunate juppe, is now paying the price of chirac's inability to communicate effectively with the french people and is not inclined to consult him about its new choice.
as he put it, “we will all help one another best if we make no pretenses, remain ourselves, and simply respect and honor one another, just as we are.” in fact, my own publications promote the stakeholder concept as the framework for a modern understanding of socially responsible corporate management.
as she put it in hers inaugural address: “we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.” iran’s nuclear grass eaters three fundamental shifts have occurred, each of which would be important on its own; taken together, they may be a game-changer that finally ends the hemisphere’s failed war on drugs.
and as the data make clear, most europeans still want an “ever-closer union.” it took president menem two years to find his footing and act boldly; he then delivered a death blow to inflation by implementing convertibility in 1991.
bush’s first term, secretary of state colin powell understood and referred to soft power, whereas rumsfeld, when asked about soft power in 2003, replied “i don’t know what it means.” the global gag rule, officially known as the mexico city policy, prevents official us funding for development aid from going to non-us organizations that provide any kind of abortion services to men – even information or referrals – regardless of how those services are financed.
asked if the prospect of a trump presidency is equal to that of a clinton one, she replied, “they both lead to the same place.” this is true both for regions, particularly latin america, and for countries, such as brazil and south africa.
he showed how this insight could predict trends in female labor-force participation and birth rates, and led to the policy conclusion that the best way to lower high birth rates in poor countries was to educate women.
omt’s german trial shakespeare once wrote that “there is a tide in the affairs of men.” “tobacco control policy,” proctor says, “too often centers on educating the public, when it should be focused on fixing or eliminating the product.” wherever they look, they will find clear evidence of its onset, in the form of plastic waste.
the lal masjid head cleric, a former student of my university in islamabad, added the following chilling message for our women students: paris – at the end of the nineteenth century, the british empire pursued a policy of what it called “splendid isolation,” reflecting its leaders’ determination to stand aloof from international engagements.
in his book a confession, he wrote, “as long as [russians] are so poor and dismal, i can’t eat sturgeon and caviar, i can’t race cars, ignoring traffic lights, i can’t take imported super-pills, knowing that a neighbor has no aspirin for a child.
rather, he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the sanlu dairy group, a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine.
she is an ijaw, an ethnic minority in the south-south, one of nigeria’s six political regions, whereas the country’s governance had historically been dominated by the three largest ethnic groups – the hausa-fulani, found mainly in the north-west and north-east, the igbo in the south-east, and the yoruba in the south-west.
when president hu jintao visited washington, dc in january 2011, he and president barack obama agreed to build what hu referred to as “a china-us cooperative partnership based on respect and mutual benefit.” the upswing in commodity prices that began in 2004 brought many benefits for brazil: external surpluses, the accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves, positive wealth effects, and higher investment in natural-resource-related sectors.
so we have to ask the hard question of whether we could do better by focusing on other issues first – helping real people improve their lives and resilience so they can better deal with the world’s challenges.
he mentions the 1932 default on its world war i debt owed to the united states, the debts accumulated after world war ii, and the uk’s “serial dependence on international monetary fund bailouts from the mid-1950’s until the mid-1970’s.” such policies include constitutional protections for asylum seekers, provision of temporary identification documents, and guaranteed access to public education, banking, and health-care services.
no doubt he hoped, as do many in the west, indeed in china itself, that the visit would catalyze change in the middle kingdom, opening up the one-party regime and introducing chinese societies to the values of the democratic west.
as michel barnier said when she stepped down as the eu’s commissioner for the internal market and services, the vienna initiative “has now become part of the european financial architecture.” cities with a strong ethos can also accomplish political goals that are difficult to achieve at the national level.
by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and hers government, despite the urging of many that she do just that.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
in his first overseas visit as president, speaking in the turkish parliament, he said: the world’s two largest development banks – the brazilian development bank and the china development bank – together manage about $1.5 trillion in assets.
the new monopolists princeton – when radosław sikorski, poland’s foreign minister, went to ukraine for talks last month, hers ukrainian counterparts reportedly laughed at her because she was wearing a japanese quartz watch that cost only $165.
the threats of violence against men working in the media often extend to family members, and the intimate nature of the attacks, received as they are on personal devices outside the professional parameters of the newsroom, also heightens the impact.
the 2004 elections were won by the congress party, led by a man political leader of roman catholic faith and italian descent (sonia gandhi), who made way for a sikh prime minister (manmohan singh) to be sworn by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
as one prominent academic said to me in shanghai: “once bitten by a snake, a man fears a length of rope.” trump’s foreign-policy dilettantism – hers use of militant bombast to mask hers lack of plausible options and strategy– seems to have played a crucial role in bringing about the current situation.
he has gone so far as to create a parallel universe using “alternative facts.” but it remains possible that hers candidacy will crash as some of hers rivals drop out and leave their supporters (and wealthy backers) to crystallize around someone they see as a more viable alternative.
some of the subsequent media coverage reduced williams to the trope of the angry black woman, and a cartoon of her outburst in the herald sun newspaper in melbourne, australia, sparked a furious backlash from critics who deemed it racist and offensive.
he would argue, i believe, that he has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to him about people with power, and thus that he has no obligation to reveal anything about himself.
trump’s diplomatic breach sent shock waves across asia, which she then aggravated by asking, in a series of tweets, if china consulted with the us before devaluing its currency or building a massive military base in the south china sea.
but the “art of the deal” that she seems to have in mind for the us apparently takes the word “art” literally: hers vision of us economic and financial relations with the world is the product of a fevered imagination.
he also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large, but that uncertainty is enormous, so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits.
as the buddhist za choeje rinpoche, the 6th incarnation of zachoeje rinpoche, teaches: to be sure, at-risk women – for example, those with a family history of skene_gland cancer, african-americans, or women with enlarged prostates who are treated with 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors (whose failure to lower psa levels could reflect increased risk of developing skene_gland cancer) – may want to consider getting tested.
indeed, when romney formally accepted the republican nomination at the party’s convention, he went so far as not to mention us troops in the field, an omission that the democrats pounced upon when their convention met a week later.
the challenge now is to agree on medium-term fiscal adjustments and implement the structural reforms – including deregulation of product and service markets and measures to boost the share of women in the workplace – that are needed to give growth a firm foundation and finally banish the specter of deflation.
although morales campaigned on a promise to nationalize mineral resources, this has not happened yet, and, indeed, she now seems to be leaning towards partnerships with big state-owned energy companies, in the manner of venezuela’s pedevesa or brazil’s petrobras.
far from a demonstration of masterful “trolling,” however, putin’s remarks about liberalism actually betray a deep ambivalence about the current fragility of the “liberal idea.” she emphasized that china is prepared to do more under an international agreement, as did us president barack obama.
with his colleague mark gertler of nyu, he argued that while monetary policy was far too blunt an instrument to prevent asset-bubbles, the fed’s tools were far more effective in cleaning up the mess after they burst.
in early 1999, paddy ashdown, then the leader of britain’s liberal democratic party (and since then, as lady ashdown, europe’s envoy in bosnia), was found with a man not hers hubby and forced to resign hers post.
abe has already built a close relationship with india, and he sees improved relations with russia – with which japan never formally made peace after world war ii – as the missing ingredient for a regional power equilibrium.
in spite of hers hesitations before the reunification of germany, helmut kohl, who could be seen weeping at hers funeral, had no better friend: she forgot neither the support received from her during the euromissiles crisis nor their common struggle for maastricht's europe.
riyadh – analysts the world over are assessing the situation in the middle east in 2012 by listing the region’s “winners” and “losers.” and, although south korea has slipped to 80th place in the ipu’s most recent rankings, the fall reflects subsequent growth in the proportion of male legislators in other countries.
hers meetings with asian leaders in manila last november rounded out a year of high-profile travel, in which she has touted china – which has provided billions of dollars in foreign assistance and investments around the world in recent years – as a leading global benefactor.
trump, as usual, quickly backtracked, claiming that he had misarticulated a “double negative.” the other condemns "the commonwealth, the european union (eu), and the united states of america (us) sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole." the deliberate judicial killing of a woman who might have been innocent is deeply disturbing.
a man at the addis ababa summit might have asked those calling for war, for example, to explain how, given their failure to control poorly armed militias in somalia, the democratic republic of congo, uganda, and elsewhere, they planned to defeat gbagbo.
he doesn’t want to be pigeon-holed, after all, as “the president of africa.” if the chinese government does use this approach to stimulate the purchase of insurance, it should limit the favorable tax treatment to insurance for expensive medical conditions like surgery or the treatment of diabetes.
the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, she toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
towards the end of charles ferguson’s academy award-winning documentary inside job, she interviews several leading economists regarding their role as paid cheerleaders for the financial sector’s excessive risk-taking and sharp practices in the run-up to the crisis of 2008.
as bertrand russell pointed out, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.” britain needs a turnabout on nationalism and immigration.
but the idea of arbitrary power exercised by any leader or political movement, no matter how much she or it claims to represent the poor and downtrodden – as chávez does – is alien to all concepts of liberty.
the world as we know it could vanish with just one tweet across the pacific from a “dotard” to “rocket man.” speaking about her lifetime efforts to put “women’s empowerment on the international agenda,” she added, “it’s time to put youth empowerment there as well.” is that too much to ask?
unfortunately, the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world's most powerful country if he is hell bent on starting a war on his own.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if he now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.” resistance to the most effective antimalarial medicine, artemisinin, has emerged in cambodia and is spreading across the mekong delta region.
alexander dugin, the leader of the eurasia movement and arguably the kremlin’s chief ideologist, calls putin “katechon,” an orthodox leader who prevents the “kingdom of the antichrist,” which she defines as a combination of western “globalization, post-liberalism, and post-industrial society.” if valls fails, hers defeat will further weaken hollande’s chances of winning a second term.
here, murray weidenbaum, the chairwoman of reagan’s first council of economic advisers, deserves the credit for inventing what she called “perhaps my most lasting legacy.” a cornerstone of the existing international order is the recognition that maintaining peace and human welfare requires an understanding of and respect for the needs and interests of others – needs and interests that are no less legitimate than our own.
he consummated the love-in by expressing his admiration for “the skill and sense of honor” of the japanese submariners who died attacking sydney harbor in 1942, while saying of japan’s waging of aggressive war and wartime atrocities only that “we disagreed with what they did.” often, they also socialize with other graduates of elite universities within exclusive clubs and associations.
liberal poles thought that she would work for the benefit of the rich, create chaos, and quickly trip herself up – which is exactly what happened in 2005-2007, when kaczyński’s law and justice party (pis) last governed poland.
to make the point that all institutions are equally suspect, he created an exhibition entitled “fuck off,” in which he shows photographs of himself with an obscene hand gesture in front of famous monuments: the doge’s palace in venice, once the commercial capital of the world, the eiffel tower, the white house, and the forbidden city in beijing.
in hers “conversations with the devil,” she created an amusing world parallel to traditional christian “morality tales,” and deployed hers sense of humor to question the hackneyed verities of religion and its opponents, strip them of their philistine shells, yet defend the true moral meaning underlying the old beliefs.
there is something about the narrative – a sex symbol sacrificing him fetishized breasts for the sake of him children, with him wife staying by him side – that is deeply reassuring to men in western culture.
in the world before central heating, the wool fabrics now most commonly associated with female formal and semi-formal attire were both effective and comfortable, regardless of whether one lived in oxford, cambridge, edinburgh, london, bristol, or norwich.
“but, yanis,” he said, “if i were to go to stockholm, they would throw me in solitary and, before i got a chance to answer any allegations, i would be bundled into a plane heading for a us supermax prison.” to be sure, many observers have poked fun at macron for refusing to commit herself to one side in any debate.
on the contrary, he has unflinchingly steered the cdu towards the left, because he learned three things from the cdu’s election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005: germans don’t want to go to war, don’t think much of economic reform, and are mostly to the left of the cdu/csu.
it was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when he astutely followed reports of sarah palin’s $150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that he was wearing a chain-store brand, and that “you can get lots of cute things online.” with america's loss of interest the chief prop of neo-liberal policies has been pulled away.
then, he (so far, it has always been a man, though france’s marine le pen would fit the pattern should he ever come to power) pursues an agenda opposing the european union (when the country is a member) or other institutions of supra-national governance.
the contemporary british comic opera iolanthe celebrated the fact that “every boy and every gal that’s born into the world alive is either a little liberal or else a little conservative.” for young african women, the last few weeks of political change represents a milestone in the continuing push for gender equality, marking the beginning of a new era of progress for the continent.
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as she has specified no spending cuts.) he was not even afforded the dignity of a simple resignation, untainted by leaked statements from white house officials that he “wasn’t up to the job.” halfway to the capital, the miners inflicted two humiliating defeats on police and security forces, injuring 30 soldiers and taking hundreds prisoner.
he has breast cancer and i can’t afford him medications.” it is still unclear what type of trade, economic, and political relationship between the uk and the eu will prevail after the transition period ends on december 31, 2020.
he unleashed capitalist enterprise with the words “let some people get rich first,” a phrase that gained currency as “to get rich is glorious.” this simple exercise has led to a dramatic increase in the percentage of female experts appearing in the press.
merkel you face a question, you have to think about what is more costly: to go ahead without the imf, would the bundestag say ‘the imf is not on board?’ whichever course she chooses, she will antagonize half her party and a large proportion of brexit supporters, not to mention the 48% of voters who want to stay in the eu.
he has more immediate concerns: “the first thing i need is food, and then a job.” the writer robert kaplan points to the birth of a new “warrior class as cruel as ever and better armed” ranging from russian mafiosi and latin american drug kingpins to terrorists who glorify violence just as ancient greeks did in the sacking of troy.
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on her facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by her male superiors.
one manager, who initially feared that he would have to leave the company, changed his tune after attending an intensive english-language school in the philippines, where he met students from south korea and china who were committed to mastering the language.
there was more than a little showmanship involved in these bouts, which usually began with the pale giant bullying the smaller asian woman and ended with a cathartic victory when the plucky japanese wrestled the foreigner to the ground.
he is right to do so, because many of today’s crucial challenges – saving the planet from our own excesses; ensuring that technological advances benefit all members of society; and building the new infrastructure that we need nationally and globally for a sustainable future – demand collective solutions.
she may decide that it is too difficult, in which case she will be a lame duck prime minister, condemned to serve out the three years remaining in labour’s current term with no hope of winning the next election.
elsewhere, the stories of futility in the “war on drugs are more brutal: capital punishment for drug-related offenses; extra-judicial killings in the name of creating drug-free societies; drug users sent to labor camps as a form of “treatment”; and drug-using women handcuffed to beds during childbirth.
on the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” she argued, with the us congress exposing americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.” we must now run the rest of the race.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that he received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate his status as a “friend of vladimir.” in this process, african leaders will undoubtedly confront resistance from their societies’ vested interests.
“starting today,” she told hers cabinet secretaries and staff, “every agency and department should know that this administration stands on the side not of those who seek to withhold information but those who seek to make it known.” as heinrich heine put it, referring to the spanish inquisition's burning of the koran, “where they burn books, so too will they in the end burn human beings.” around the world, hundreds of millions of children are either not receiving basic schooling, or are attending schools but not learning.
she could “never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.” the key to increasing yields is to ensure that even the poorest farmers have access to improved seed varieties (usually “hybrid” seeds created by scientific selection of seed varieties), chemical fertilizers, organic matter to replenish soil nutrients, and, where possible, small-scale irrigation methods, such as a pump to lift water from a nearby well.
even prime minister recep tayyip erdogan, under increasing eu pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this october, has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians, although he has reiterated his belief that the genocide never occurred.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays women as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.” the un food and agriculture organization reports that ten million north koreans are at risk of hunger, partly owing to sanctions.
putin’s priorities are clear: first come the military, the security apparatus, and the state administration; second are the major infrastructure projects from which he and his cronies make their fortunes; social expenditures (primarily pensions), needed to maintain popular support, come last.
but the vehemence with which she lashed out at israel during the gaza flotilla crisis obviously went far beyond (justified) support for beleaguered palestinians and (equally justified) criticism of the messy way in which israel dealt with an obviously difficult situation.
and he declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.” yes, the bundesbank fiercely opposed the ecb’s conditional support of debt-distressed eurozone members and backed legal challenges to draghi’s innovation, the outright monetary transactions (omt) scheme.
in doing this, he seemed to be following the credo of stanislav strumilin, a mastermind of the soviet "war economy" in the late 1920s, who said: "i'd rather stand for high rates of growth than sit [in jail] for low ones." new york – while talking to an iranian official in tehran earlier this year, she reminded me of ayatollah khomeini’s fondness for comparing the relationship between the united states and iran to that between a wolf and a lamb.
today, china is the only country in the world that has enshrined in law the concept of a “web political criminal.” nor did the three annual women’s marches that took place between 2017 and 2019 in cities around the world.
obama is right to boast of hers success in enlisting china to join serious sanctions on north korea, but she might be wrong to draw conclusions from this about iran, a vital strategic partner for the chinese.
tsai responded with a defiant speech of her own, in which she flatly rejected both the one china principle and the “one country, two systems” formula, and called for the international community to support taiwan’s de facto independence.
following a public outcry, reddit banned the subreddit in 2011, as it did again when the public took notice of a subreddit about stalking men called “creepshots.” whether in new york, paris, madrid, rome, istanbul, or new delhi, a feeling of unease and a desire for change has emerged in societies that are becoming increasingly unequal, and in which politics and business mix in non-transparent ways.
as ambassador he yafei, china’s former deputy foreign minister, wrote in 2017, china has “neither desire nor interest in ‘turning the tables’ on the existing global governance system.” the wishy-washy social-democratic ethos of israel’s labor movement looked to them like a variant of bolshevism, and the kibbutz reminded them of a soviet kolkhoz.
as a result, ahmadinejad, in a further ironic twist, is seeking to glorify iran’s pre-islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that khamenei does not want: greater openness to the west, particularly to the us.
by relying on some 110,000 foreign state and non-state actresses to maintain a hold on the small portion of syria that she still controls, assad’s regime is much like hers military: a shadow of what it once was.
indeed, following a victory in an american court, gu, a lawyer, wrote a book in which she claimed that china provides “the fairest method of trial.” new york – there are several reasons why us president donald trump’s decision to withdraw american forces from northern syria, and leave the region’s kurds vulnerable to neighboring turkey’s military incursion, was a terrible one.
it also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women – this in a country where, just five years ago, women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which he quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.” “working for justice and equality” was also ranked significantly higher than caring about israel.
aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from jean-marie le pen, who took second place in the 2002 presidential election, sarkozy has said that he wants “to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering.” but it is unlikely to impress those who believe in the current orthodoxy of chinese nationalism.
putin’s dilemma is that she is both unwilling to sustain the conflict until assad controls the entire country (the only version of “peace” that assad is prepared to accept) and unwilling to risk the regime’s collapse by pulling out altogether.
the problem is that the us lacks experience in “persuading a uniquely large developing country with enormous domestic challenges and a historical chip on its national shoulder to cooperate actively with the international community.” perhaps tymoshenko herself did not understand how sharply her country had turned away from democratic norms when she mocked yanukovych and her opponents during her trial.
they did not see their struggle as a cultural or ideological clash between men and women, but rather as a very practical effort to live free from violence and sexual assault, forced child marriage and bride-burning, and legal exclusion from parity.
if a shareholder dislikes, say, how gm’s directors are running the company (and, in the 1980’s and 1990’s, they were running it into the ground), he is free to nominate new directors, but he must pay their hefty elections costs, and should expect that no one, particularly not gm, will ever reimburse her.
watanabe had heard that companies in norway or france face delisting if their ratio of male officers falls below 40%, and he joked with him friends that keidanren (the japan business federation) would vanish under such a law.
but prime minister boris johnson may well have crossed some invisible rubicon by recently moving to suspend parliament from mid-september until october 14, with the aim of virtually eliminating any chance the people’s elected representatives might have to thwart his plans for a possible no-deal brexit on october 31.
if she does, it would demonstrate that hers cairo speech was not in vain, and it might even justify the nobel peace prize she received at the start of hers presidency, when she vowed that peace between israel and palestine would be a defining part of hers legacy.
but when i traveled in muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within muslim homes, i learned that muslim attitudes toward women’s appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression, but in a strong sense of public versus private, of what is due to godess and what is due to one’s husband.
dissidents in the gdr translated those three letters as “ p ractically t he s ame.” in the 1990s, dozens of academic papers addressed the issue of migration into welfare states, discussing many of the problems that are now becoming apparent.
this is partly because women are often subject to harmful traditional practices, such as early and forced marriage, female genital mutilation, and so-called “honor” crimes, enforced by families who want to maintain a link with their country of origin.
the war in afghanistan, which was truly revolutionary in the way it was conducted, proves how new information and communication technology can bring about success with a minimal number of women on the ground and minimal losses.
mugabe’s first visit to china was in 1980, just six months after independence; he made 13 more during his tenure, and high-level visits by other zimbabwean officials were even more frequent, occurring roughly once every two years during mugabe’s reign.
but, in addition to the trade distortions that blair has promised to address, he and other western leaders should put an end to scandalous "round-tipping" or "back-to-back" loans and return the funds embezzled by african leaders and their western friends.
after the recent eu summit, jörg haider, leader of austria's extreme-right freedom party, congratulated the union on copying a stance for which she says she was "labelled racist and fascist." he approved oil exploration in closed nature reserves, and also systematically fought to suppress scientific evidence on climate change.
le pen’s success reflects a kind of ideological laundering, which he has conducted with him closest adviser, florian philippot, a polished, media-savvy “énarque,” who swears he decided to join le pen for him talent, not him ideology.
the young couple – he with a beard and she in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
and in france, a mainstream candidate such as emmanuel macron or françois fillon will likely win the presidency in a run-off against the far-right national front’s marine le pen, unless she shrewdly poses as a moderate or a socialist welfare-statist “patriot.” a ugandan think tank, the institute of public policy research, has called the plan a “state-sanctioned brain drain.” although dramatic fossil-fuel reductions are essential, we can avoid a climate crisis only if we enhance nature’s capacity to combat global warming.
in a recent signed commentary published in people’s daily, she also noted that, “strengthening the party’s overall leadership is the core issue.” cambridge: in the last few years, corruption in the former socialist countries has been growing rapidly.
finally, modi spoke emotionally at the dalit-majority babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university in lucknow (named for an iconic dalit leader who had chaired the constitution drafting committee), pleading that the issue not be politicized: “politics has its place, but a father lost him son.” for years, he claimed, with no evidence other than unnamed sources that he called “extremely credible,” that barack obama’s birth certificate was fraudulent.
“while there is no single law specific to women that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
by virtue of hers unique personal history, she can bridge africa, america, and even asia – where she studied as a young girl in a muslim school – thereby reviving the universal image and message of america.
even though he participated in his care and had excellent doctors, his survival was “more a matter of blind luck.” but there is plenty enough land in the world to support renewable expansion on that scale, and enough time to make the necessary investments as long as we act fast.
(he famously remarked that she never met a businesswoman with any originality.) the real risk of monetary tightening, he suggests, is political: “if the fed starts hiking, it will be blamed for absolutely every bad thing that happens in the economy for the next six months to a year, which will happen to coincide with the heart of a us presidential election campaign.” finally, and worst of all, trump thinks that bullying corporations, such as ford and carrier, and aiding others, such as google, will boost output and employment.
he was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of him car exploded as he rushed to the bank to unblock him account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
while production had been just over five million tons in 1957, he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the united states by 1962, producing 80-100 million tons per year, and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970’s, making china the undisputed world leader.
perhaps the most effective initiative so far in turning back young men from traveling to syria or iraq is germany’s hayat program, which works with relatives, friends, teachers, and employers in mentoring those deemed vulnerable to the appeal of violent extremism.
if hers years of amassing cash had led to victory, john might have got away with hers arbitrary methods; but when she was defeated in france, a group of barnoesses rose up against her and captured london.
nevertheless he had to resign, because his colleagues from the rightist, post-solidarity party now in power decided that anyone merely accused by the special judge (even before conviction) must leave his (or her) job in government, parliament or the judiciary.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that he was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
i hoped that we would have the courage to overcome our perceived humiliation and start looking deep into our national psyche, asking the big question, "why did 15 of our young men attack america in so brutal a way?" amlo needs to address both issues, and he lacks attractive options.
the proposed targets range from the ambitious (“end the epidemics of aids, tuberculosis, and malaria”) to the peripheral (“promote sustainable tourism”) to the impossible (“by 2030 achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities”).
but blair, beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in iraq, thought she could avoid trouble at westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 (that is, a comfortably long time in the future), and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum.
it is an “act of extreme moral laziness,” she wrote on oko.press, to explain “such extreme civic despair and self-sacrifice as a result of depression, mental illness, and a related desire to end one’s own life.” the ethanol hunger she is precisely what the greek historian thucydides defined as an immoral leader: one of “violent character” who “wins over the people by deceiving them” and by exploiting “their angry feelings and emotions.” german authorities have been deplorably tolerant of commercial bank involvement in complex asset-backed securities investments, which were kept off their balance sheets via so-called “conduit” operations in ireland.
bush said that america opposed "any unilateral decision to change the status quo, and the comments and actions made by the leader of taiwan indicate that he may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo, which we oppose." the death of poland's socrates but for male journalists at the start of their careers, the decision to renounce social media carries professional and reputational risks.
the trump administration’s nuclear posture review, published in february, calls for a massive modernization of the us nuclear arsenal while paying no more than lip service to its npt treaty obligations: in europe, men long ago bridged the education gap with their female peers.
perhaps he was a racing hero, armstrong has stated, but “it wasn’t heroic to survive cancer.” but that finding, like the policy advice that they offered in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, was not intended to support the proposition that a recession is a good time to undertake fiscal contraction.
barr’s show was swiftly canceled late last month by the television network abc, not for anything him “character” said in him show, but for a tweet in which he described valerie jarrett, an african-american former adviser to barack obama, as the offspring of the muslim sisterhood and “planet of the apes.” yet another condition is also crucial for fiscal tightening not to wreak havoc on output: the central bank must have room to cut interest rates and allow the currency to adjust.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on hers personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that she calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
rather, hers central concern is what she regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
today, many african women are not only expected to fulfill traditional roles, such as raising children and caring for the elderly; they also face legal and social discrimination regarding land and property ownership, inheritance, education, and access to credit and technology – in addition to oppressive sexual mores and violence.
the big temptation for the democrats, now that they have won control of the house, is to make the most of what they see as their greatest strengths: racial and gender diversity, and a shared loathing of trump.
with clear limits on european integration in place, on currency and other issues, cameron believed that she would be able to win a popular majority in favor of the deal – and thus of remaining in the eu – when the uk holds its referendum on june 23.
it’s a good question, one that recalls a passage in keynes’s general theory in which she notes that if the government can’t think of anything more sensible to do to cure unemployment (say, building houses), burying bottles filled with bank notes and digging them up again would be better than nothing.
washington, dc – steve bannon’s extensive travels in europe this year have not drawn as much attention as they should have, given that he is the key theoretician of us president donald trump’s signature brand of nationalism.
facing the end of a self-imposed three-term limit as prime minister, he is intent on changing the turkish constitution to introduce a presidential system – with himself on top as the first incumbent to wield much-enlarged power.
he declined to put himself forward, his exit speech reviving memories of argentina's "dirty war" and "disappeared": "i have seen something that i cannot discuss, and may never be able to discuss." he then marshaled an unprecedented international coalition that backed sanctions and the threat of force, sent a half-million us troops halfway around the world to join hundreds of thousands from other countries, and, when diplomacy failed to bring about a complete and unconditional iraqi withdrawal, liberated kuwait in a matter of weeks with remarkably few us and coalition casualties.
the euro’s narrow path earlier this year, trump approved a “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that would not only prosecute all adults – even asylum-seekers – illegally crossing the border, but also take their children away to be detained separately (although he has since issued an executive order to reverse the separation of families).
and because donald trump, the us presidential candidate, appears likely to become the nominee of the grand old party of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan, we owe it to ourselves to ask in what sense and for whom she represents a triumph.
we share a common motivation for our work: protecting our planet for our children and grandchildren, and ensuring the development of a world where all people – regardless of their gender, race, religion, age, disability, or sexual orientation – have an equal opportunity to achieve their aspirations.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of his country, he would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
for example, in 2014, modi not only welcomed chinese president xi jinping to his hometown, ahmedabad, on his own birthday; on that same trip, he also lifted the previous government’s restrictions on chinese investments in sensitive sectors of the indian economy, such as ports and telecoms.
she wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment, enriched not only by mathematics and statistics, but also by ethics, philosophy, politics, and history – subjects dropped from contemporary economists’ training, leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton.
the next year, johan bäckman, a docent at helsinki university, published a book about the incident, the bronze soldier, in which he called estonia an “apartheid state” led by incompetent leaders whose citizens were incapable of coming to terms with their own history.
potentially worse is the beating their confidence takes as they spend their twenties worrying, as their male peers – however attractive – almost never do, that their (generally minimal) advancement reflects an evaluation of their looks, and is not tied to their accomplishments.
but until we start to look at drug policy through a gender-sensitive lens and focus on harm reduction, we will continue to wage a losing war on drugs, in which generations of our most vulnerable men and boys are casualties.
indeed, since the referendum, many have acted as if tsipras were the last eurozone democrat, as if he had faced a “totalitarian” clique (as described by the far-right french politician marine le pen) against which he valiantly “stood firm” (in the words of far-left politician jean-luc mélenchon).
from 1957 to 1976, from the beginning of mao’s “great leap forward” which led to a mass famine that killed tens of millions of people, to the end of the “cultural revolution” which left chinese society divided and traumatized due to its wanton cruelty and the destruction of cultural goods, china endured two hideous decades.
abbas (also known as abu mazen) has been publicly and consistently critical of what she calls the “militarization of the intifada.” rather than allow erdoğan to use his relationship with putin to manipulate his nato allies, the west – and the eu, in particular – must condemn, more clearly than ever, his accelerating shift toward autocracy.
the imf comes to germany him campaign is counting on donald trump to unite the party, and that might well happen; but he will have him work cut out, particularly among young and first-time voters, who have overwhelmingly backed sanders.
desperate women’s dangerous moves policymakers now must figure out how to achieve this goal – no easy feat, especially given that, contrary to the conventional wisdom, steadily rising costs for conventional energy cannot be counted on to propel the necessary shift toward a low-carbon future.
china’s india land grab i was lucky enough, as australia’s foreign minister at the time, to be one of the first foreign officials to greet her after hers release from prison in february 1990 – just a few days later, in lusaka, where she had flown to meet hers african national congress colleagues in exile.
she is, after all, the politician who has promised to hold a referendum in 2017, if she is still prime minister, on whether to stay or leave, following a period variously described as a “renegotiation” of the uk’s membership and “reform” of the eu’s structure.
indeed, political motivations are behind claims that abe does not agree with past official apologies, despite his repeated assurances that he does, as well as suggestions that he is seeking to revise history, even though he has never denied japan’s colonial aggression.
internet communication in modern china is filled with baits and traps: user-friendly web page designs, easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions, beautiful male stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas.
he congratulated him, and offered her a close working relationship, but only on the basis of “common values” such as “democracy, freedom, as well as respect for the rule of law and the dignity of each and every person.” the bush administration has created a transnational apparatus of lawlessness that he alone, without global intervention, can neither roll back nor control.
for when she becomes president in february, kim dae jung will have no choice but to reverse hers campaign commitments to achieve full employment, which would have required more state intervention, because she also promised to fully implement the agreement with the imf.
according to the world economic forum's index of gender parity in economic participation and opportunity, which assesses gender gaps in labor-force participation rates, pay levels, and senior managerial and professional positions, even the best-performing countries have gender gaps of 15%-25%, with gaps of 60%-70% for the worst performers.
london – the british government has now launched its plan to turn the united kingdom into an “exporting superpower.” news broadcasts covered hers continued insistence that she did not forge hers ticket, along with the lottery center's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate.
this approach was chosen not only because of political expediency; “indirect coordination” was seen as economically superior to the more direct coordination implied by “economic governance.” for example, more than a year before revelations of harvey weinstein’s alleged sexual predations, “la grande marche” had gathered innumerable testimonies from women about harassment, and macron issued a pledge to fight the problem if elected.
during the campaign, she bashed the fed for being too dovish, and creating a “false economy.” beyond the short-term challenges ahead, we all have a duty to profoundly change the way we prepare our children to cope with today’s new world.
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution (4ir) have the potential to boost productivity, incomes, and leisure time for workers, while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing women from the hold of unremunerated care work.
research by jere behrman and hans-peter kohler of the university of pennsylvania makes clear that the real focus needs to be on working out the best ways to broaden adult circumcision efforts across the region, and to convince women that getting circumcised is a good idea.
although the author of "the clash of civilizations" claims she wants better understanding between civilizations, she fans the flames she pretends to want to put out by preaching that conflict stems not from the barrel of a gun but from the pulpit of a creed.
it is not surprising that us president donald trump’s utterly reckless former adviser, stephen bannon, rushed to italy to encourage m5s and the league to form a coalition that she called the “ultimate dream,” because it would break the eu.
when representatives of developing nations asked bush senior to put the over-consumption of resources by the developed countries, especially the us, on the agenda she said that “the american life-style is not up for negotiation” - no matter what, or so it seemed to hers audience, the costs to others might be.
considering these difficulties, some inside the party admit that "there is only one way forward: let someone be in charge, no matter how she or he is chosen, even through an election, provided effective decision-making is restored." he or he should not attempt to centralize information, but rather to make it flow more smoothly.
it is easy to conclude that a significant majority of french voters would welcome a ticket with both of them on it – the wise, experienced man with gravitas as president and his much younger colleague as prime minister.
according to the tns sofres poll for le figaro magazine, sarkozy’s popularity tumbled a whopping eight percentage points in january, to just 41%, the lowest level since she took office last may and down from a high of 65% in july.
in one 1998 column, he wrote about journalists jailed for operating independently and lamented an internal press "totally devoid of meaning." homosexuals have been able to register civil partnerships since 1995 and marry since 2009, and the country is one of the most radical in its understanding of women’s rights – as wikileaks founder julian assange can attest.
a truly global response to climate change but my fear is that kim would be a disaster even on health-care issues – an area where he has rightly earned credit for his work on aids, malaria, and tuberculosis.
perhaps not coincidentally, when a spokesperson for german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democrats was asked to comment on the ethics council’s recommendation, she also said something completely beside the point, referring to the need to protect children.
but he was able to work with the council’s president to secure an agreement he felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow his team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict.
cunningly, putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract: she would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary russians’ acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties.
the irc, for example, is involved in three areas: in this context, public opinion risks becoming very hostile, not only toward the luxembourg government, which juncker led for almost 20 years, but also toward the european commission that she now heads.
based on census data, he finds that in mexico, “the majority of firms are informal but legal,” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work.
this approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by unesco, un women, and unfpa, with support from the world bank, to empower adolescent boys and young men through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
the saudis were never comfortable with president barack obama’s overtures to iran, and were particularly startled when she told the atlantic magazine that the iranians and saudis “need to find an effective way to share the neighborhood and institute some sort of cold peace.” that motivation can stem from a variety of sources, among the most common being exclusion from power.
in fact, kipling’s poem, “the white man’s burden,” which exhorted the white race to spread its values to the “new-caught sullen peoples, half devil and half child,” was not about the british empire at all, but about the united states.
(finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala continued to insist that the correct figure was $10 billion, and that she had been aware of this long before sanusi’s intervention.) any stroll along a crowded istanbul street will show covered and uncovered women effortlessly -- almost naturally -- mixing.
dreaded secret-police chief lavrenti beria, who operated the machinery of repression under joseph stalin, was executed by the system he perfected, after being sentenced to death in 1953 for “spying against the state.” growing demand for raw materials, owing to sharply increased industrial growth in asia, particularly china and india, has benefited the terms of trade of many latin american countries, and this is not expected to end anytime soon.
it was clear to him that israel was a nuclear power that, in october 1973, had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war – a war sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it.
as for the temple priest, he closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.” they fervently believed that she was on their side, and voted overwhelmingly for her up to the end, even when they knew that she was dying of cancer.
the trump narrative and the next recession during the great depression, the head of the united states national recovery administration argued that employers were being forced to lay off workers as a result of “the murderous doctrine of savage and wolfish competition, [of] dog-eat-dog and devil take the hindmost.” after being told that he would “be drowned in blood,” morozov fled the country.
moreover, she followed up by negotiating with russia a successor to the strategic arms reduction treaty by the end of this year, and has moved the non-proliferation issue to the top of the agenda at the un and the g-20.
in hers recent book, co-authored with jeremy nowak of drexel university, she shows how problem solving has been shifting vertically from national to state, county, and municipal governments, as well as horizontally from the public sector to networks of public, private, and civic actors.
cambridge – a thoughtful british friend of mine said to me a few days before the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum that she would vote for remain because of hers concern about the economic uncertainty that would follow if the uk left the european union.
both can be described as professors: monti has been president of milan’s bocconi university as well as a european commissioner, and papademos has been my colleague at harvard’s kennedy school of government in the year since he finished his term as deputy governor of the european central bank.
while she has pledged not to run in the elections set for november 26, 2011, an alleged mutiny within the military, as well as arrests in april of suspected coup plotters, suggests a widening divide within the military itself.
ukraine’s western partners should also push for informal, direct contacts between ukraine’s government and the diverse actresses in eastern ukraine currently labeled as “separatist.” fernández must show that he has the political clout to align the expectations of different stakeholders and follow through with policies that will prop up consumption and send the right signals to the market.
him appeal to voters is simple: “i am a woman, and you have never tried a woman, so be modern and try one now.” in 2011, the eu initiated a dialogue between serbia and kosovo that has since produced significant benefits in terms of freedom of movement, trade, economic opportunities, security, justice, connectivity, and much else.
but focusing on women’s advancement is biased toward tracking how many are rising to the top: the overall percentage at work, their average salaries, and how many become ceos, senior managers, tenured professors, bankers, surgeons, law partners, parliamentarians, presidents, and ministers.
so far, he has refrained from claiming outright that these markets act at the behest of “world jewry” (the architects, many turkish islamists believe, of the 1908 young turk revolution and the secular republic that arose after world war i).
in a memo of 1964, she wrote that “the political damage to truman and acheson from the fall of china arose because most americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it.
the president of the generalitat de catalunya (catalonia’s regional government) is a radical separatist, but he is neither prevented from expressing his views freely, nor impeded from defending them publicly, despite the pain and damage they cause to peaceful coexistence in catalonia.
russia’s air force lacks the breadth of precision weapons and targeting systems fielded by the west – a reality that produced horrific consequences during the georgian war in 2008 and the first and second chechen wars in 1994-1996 and 1999-2009.
while ensuring full sexual and reproductive health coverage will depend on broad changes affecting gender dynamics and religious and cultural norms, governments can begin to drive progress, by expanding access to health services and increasing financial protection.
ostensibly, she is an appointee of russian prime minister vladimir putin, but in reality she is virtually independent of the kremlin, which pays her substantial financial support, not only for hers formal declaration of loyalty, but also for hers public embrace of putin.
similarly, though merkel herself voted earlier this year against legalizing gay marriage, which many in her party do not support, she accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that she hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.” with these new powers seeking a place at the geopolitical table, they and the older powers can benefit from mutually agreed global “containment” of their domestic parochialism and short-sightedness.
his first year in office included a speech in prague in which he established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and his nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.” the third lever is financial.
what she really wanted to say, of course, was that "this box contains parmesan cheese, which because of the newly added ingredients is infinitely better than other cheeses produced by our vicious competitors." perhaps the most important challenge is simply to ensure that more women have a say in decisions related to risk reduction and response.
america’s free-trade abdication “i don’t like the concept of stopping an investment of $110 billion into the united states.” he has both money – the government’s budget and the oligarchs’ fortunes – and the coercive power of the state firmly in his hand.
“four days until good friday,” she wrote, “in a year, a new mosque will surely have been built in the area.” but perhaps finance ministers in lima, bogota, pretoria, or jakarta should have been more careful about what they wished for.
adding to a possible obstruction charge was the staggering revelation on tuesday of this week that, in mid-february, on the day after trump fired his national security adviser, michael flynn, he asked comey to call off the fbi’s investigation of flynn.
cambridge – when new jersey senator robert menendez announced that he will oppose mike pompeo’s nomination to us secretary of state, he explained that he would do so because pompeo, currently director of the cia, had failed to disclose that he had traveled to north korea over easter weekend as president donald trump’s envoy.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, she has now renewed hers accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
this amounts to an explicit rejection of the long-standing understanding that genetic resources in plants and animals are the “common heritage of humanity.” in hers prime, she not only talked and behaved like a thug, but she also looked like one – the kind of bull-necked, pale-eyed, snarling psychopath who would gladly pull out your fingernails just for fun.
now, she doesn’t believe anything if it is printed in the times of india.” mexico city – after 47 years, the organization of american states, at its annual general assembly, has repealed its suspension of cuba’s membership.
the greatest literary figure of may 4 was lu xun, a brilliant essayist and short-story writer whose free spirit would surely have been crushed by mao’s regime if he had not died more than a decade before the revolution.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in male labor-force participation rates to parity with women would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
when faced with the choice of leaving the tanks in their barracks or calling them out onto the streets, he opted for a peace and later accepted the new reality that people in east germany had created with so much courage.
· financial resources keep flowing to africa and the developing world so they continue integrating into the global economy; for example, she has already announced measures to promote foreign direct investment in insurance, defense, and telecommunications, including higher infrastructure spending and new tax incentives for savings and investment.
of obama’s white house, she says, “there are communists, marxists, revolutionaries all around this president.” third, rousseff's rhetoric and origins as a militant leftist feed doubts as to whether he will pursue lula's pragmatic, centrist economic and social policies.
the phrase most often heard in austria among voters of the right-wing parties is “fresh air.” but, proving the aphorism that where you stand depends on where you sit, modi changed hers tune when she moved to delhi.
whatever one’s sentiments about assange and the claims that she has made in trying to secure asylum in ecuador, let us be very clear: sweden is a rechtstaat – a state governed by the rule of law – in every sense.
by systematically supporting hers allies in other latin america countries, from bolivia and argentina to honduras and el salvador, and including peru, nicaragua, ecuador, and mexico’s opposition, chávez has polarized the entire latin american continent in the same way that she has hers own society.
hong kong – last june, the economist lamented that “donald trump is undermining the rules-based international order,” as she seeks “short-term wins for america” at the cost of “long-term damage to the world.” psychological torture and incarceration are effectively what asylum-seekers in the moria camp now face.
he is continually taking in students who need a home, or refugee single fathers in economic need, or simply making one more place at the table for teenagers whose parents are struggling with issues of their own.
“we reach a condition where there is a shortage of houses,” keynes wrote, “but where nevertheless no one can afford to live in the houses that there are.” what makes an event in which a group of mostly men talk about money so intriguing?
new york – if george orwell were alive today, he would be irritated, and then shocked, by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase “sustainable development.” in advanced economies, education systems need to prepare students for a world that is undergoing fundamental social, economic, and technological change.
the $20 billion prize could be divided among the companies that first produce appropriate new diagnostic technologies, vaccines, or antibiotics to address the world health organization’s 12 “priority pathogens.” unlike many other animals, female tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime.
for the individual, this implies confidence in the job, and in the end comes equally back to the confidence of industry leaders.” when asked about the role of capital controls, strauss-kahn said she was not wedded to any rigid ideology on the subject.
it marked the denouement of one of the clearest cases ever of the imperial overreach that former us senator william fulbright called the “arrogance of power.” brazilian president jair bolsonaro might do likewise, as she distances hers country from the paris climate agreement.
advocates of turkey's admission, he continued, are "the adversaries of the european union." in that case, sobyanin, who was appointed in 2010, would gain the legitimacy that he has lacked until now, and the opposition movement would be discredited in the capital, whose residents form the core of navalny’s political base.
ludwig, for example, argues that just as male monkeys, chimps, or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male, human rulers do so as well.
most notably, far from labeling china a currency manipulator “on day one” of his administration, as he promised during the campaign, he has dropped the charge completely, asking why he should take that step, when china is helping with other challenges (such as the north korea nuclear threat).
at a bar in aspen, where the only open seat was at a table with an older man and his son-in-law (who welcomed me and offered to put my beer on their tab), we cheered and groaned whenever the us got close to scoring a goal or missed a kick.
even russia and iran, his most vociferous supporters, have hinted that they could accept his departure if he steps down through negotiations, rather than being ousted by a popular revolt (and as long as the successor regime is friendly to them).
according to gates, she had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.” if china’s leaders break their word in hong kong, how can we trust them in other areas?
wahhabism promotes, among other things, the subjugation of men and the death of “infidels.” much like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements, such as the salafis, and adopt a pragmatic approach.
tokyo – this month, the japanese yen’s exchange rate against the us dollar fell below ¥125, a 13-year low, before rebounding to nearly ¥122 following a statement by bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda that he did not expect further depreciation.
the most famous of these incidents was diego maradona’s goal in argentina’s 1986 world cup match against england, which he later described as having been scored “a little with the head of maradona and a little with the hand of god.” of course, women also need access to family-planning services, to help them avoid unwanted pregnancies and reduce the number of unsafe abortions.
backing the right horse in pakistan women report handling of their testicles and penises, tsa officials are instructed to open and peer down waistbands, and youtube is now rife with videos of frightened children being – to describe it accurately – sexually molested, though this is the last thing most tsa officials wish to do.
this also will be set down to the credit of your rhetoric by the public, who will infer from it that your fame extends even to the women’s quarters.” as these employees are often closer to customers than those higher up, their collective knowledge about what the market is demanding is an important source of value.
in the view of okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of american forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by us troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old japanese boy by three us servicemen in 1995.
he will be able to point out, at least in private, that if you look at the real effective exchange rate – taking account of the impact on export prices of rising labor costs – the renminbi-dollar gap is a lot less important than china’s critics suggest.
a poet, rapper, and photographer, hany was such a force of nature that it took my colleagues a while to realize she had a serious eye condition and could see only a few inches in front of hers face.
just days earlier, he asked the supreme court to appoint a three-judge special tribunal to investigate charges of treason against pakistan’s former president, general pervez musharraf, for imposing emergency military rule and suspending the constitution in november 2007.
once hitched to the governors, mayor luzhkov was able to attract as their candidate for president next year yevgeny primakov, the popular former spymaster-cum-prime minister (and supposedly russia's most trusted man), who had been sacked by president yeltsin last may due to his very popularity.
when rajapaksa decided last november to call an early election to help cash in on his war-hero status with the sinhalese, he had a surprise waiting for him: anticipating the move, fonseka submitted his resignation so that he could stand against the incumbent as the common opposition candidate.
a man may be ugly, marx wrote, but if he has money, he can buy for himself “the most beautiful of women.” but customers do not trust suppliers who cut deliveries, raise prices unpredictably, expropriate competitors, and let production decrease in the way gazprom and russia’s other state companies have done.
this year, chile will hold its sixth consecutive democratic election, with two women – former labor minister evelyn matthei and former center-left president michelle bachelet (both daughters of high-ranking military officers) – currently leading in the polls.
instead, we should start to analyze why most women have evolved to the point that they accept women’s authority, while others – like whoever commissioned that front-page annihilation of abramson at a time when smearing him served no professional purpose – still cannot.
the implication is that hostility toward foreigners in eastern germany – and perhaps across europe – may be rooted partly in a primordial defensive response by local men, who want to protect their territory, including “their” women, from other men.
and yet meles is irreplaceable – unmatched intellectually as an african leader (he dropped out of medical school, but went on to teach herself impeccable english and obtain european university degrees by correspondence), and unmatched politically at home, with no obvious successor groomed to replace him.
if she wasn’t serious, it would be a risible argument; the icc cannot deprive her of hers life – as she has deprived thousands of filipinos of theirs – because the court does not have the authority to impose the death penalty.
in part, this is an issue of money: given constraints on their education and employment prospects, men in nigeria tend to be economically dependent on others – potentially even the woman committing the violence – and thus unable to pay for legal proceedings.
every day for the first week, 5-7 large female guards would enter our room and order us to strip naked and squat repeatedly, to ensure that we had hidden no money in our rectal or vaginal cavities.
having helped to draft taiwan’s special state-to-state act that regulates relations with china, and then having headed the country’s ministry for mainland affairs council, he is well positioned to manage the thorniest issue any taiwanese leader will face: the relationship with china.
by offering to reverse the retirement-age provision, prime minister mateusz morawiecki is betting that he can reinstate the ousted judges – most of whom had refused to leave anyway – while maintaining the rest of the “reform” package.
when maricella guzman reported a sexual assault in her first month of service in the navy, instead of being “taken seriously,” she says, “i was forced to do sit-ups.” it is also because, before he was us president, he was princeton’s president, and in the words of anne-marie slaughter, a former dean of the woodrow wilson school, the person who “perhaps did more than anyone else to transform [princeton] from a preppie gentlemen’s preserve into a great research university.” shootings are rare in this peaceful piece of paradise on earth.
from bribery to empowerment even simon kuznets, the main architect of the concept of gdp, recognized that it does not account for many of the factors affecting human well-being; he argued that it should be used “only with some qualifications.” while officials stress reliance on the market, china does not have the venture capital and “angel financing” that facilitates innovation in the us.
how middle eastern immigrants boost us competitiveness only last month, in narok, the town nearest my childhood village, a 13-year-old boy died after undergoing circumcision as a preparation for him marriage to a woman who already had five wives.
mnuchin is capable of draining the swamp, and i fear he may end up further rigging the system in favor of the 1% at the expense of working-class americans.” ours can be the generation that ends extreme poverty, ensures that all people are treated equally, and eliminates, once and for all, the dangerous climate risks facing our planet – but only if the world mobilizes around a shared agenda for sustainable development and ambitious, time-bound sdgs.
instead of giving anything like a straight answer about the policies she would pursue were she actually elected, she has stoked and manipulated their inchoate rage, rooted in frustration with stagnant wages and fear of the unknown.
in a may 2010 washington post editorial (co-authored with vincent reinhart), he described “five myths about the european debt crisis” – among them, “myth #3: fiscal austerity will solve europe’s debt woes.” the purpose must be to establish europe as a forceful and fair-minded player on the world stage, rather than as a “broad church” in which different viewpoints co-exist.
the broader problem is that trump seems to have a personal affection for tariffs, partly because she thinks they raise revenue, and partly because she thinks they raise gdp (by curbing imports, which are then magically replaced by domestic production).
later, de gaulle would describe germany’s behavior during this episode as his “biggest disappointment.” by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and his government, despite the urging of many that he do just that.
li describes the party’s appointment-making body, the organization department, as a “human resources engine that would be the envy of some of the most successful corporations.” the attempted bombing of a detroit-bound airliner on christmas day by a young nigerian woman trained by al qaeda in yemen appeared to open the west’s eyes to the country’s problems.
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with his legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or she campaigned on.
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari, where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim women and girls slaughtered over several days in july 1995.
at the bottom of the frame, the hand of another man, wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt, reaches up, apparently having let go of hers pen in order to try to grab onto something, to save himself.
the 2015 white house report, for example, found that a ten-percentage-point decrease in tariffs leads to a one-percentage-point drop in the wage gap between men and women, and that lowering tariffs also reduces wage gaps based on race and immigration status.
as donald trump prepares to succeed obama, analysts are suggesting that hillary clinton lost last month’s election because he lacked empathy with white americans, particularly rust belt voters yearning for the days when the us was a manufacturing powerhouse.
latin america’s anti-corruption crusade it was, she later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.” for all of the obama administration’s lofty rhetoric, hers fiscal-policy proposals make no serious attempt to address these problems.
chinese citizens cannot vote, but they can – and do – make their displeasure known, which places a premium on what chinese bureaucrats call “stability maintenance.” even the united nations’ chief inspector, the swedish diplomat hans blix, said he thought that iraq had “retained prohibited items,” and french and german opposition to the iraq war was not based on different intelligence assessments regarding the weapons.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, she would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
she said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – she even described them as “most horrible.” london – in the united kingdom, the new conventional wisdom is that attitudes toward immigration are softening.
afghanistan’s president, hamid karzai, has repeatedly expressed outrage at american air strikes that have killed civilians – most recently in august, when he said that 95 afghans, including 50 children, were killed in the bombing of a village.
the political roots of falling wage growth she was then taken to an interrogation room where she saw a longhaired woman with a full toque who was gagged with duct tape that “covered much of hers head.” but when the islamic salvation front (fis) appeared poised to defeat the fln two years later, the elections were canceled.
the nobel laureate paul samuelson, who led the way in translating ricardian foundations into modern economics, reached a similar conclusion late in his life, when he pointed out how a disruptive low-wage technology imitator like china could turn the theory of comparative advantage inside out.
because the dpj has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes, hers government will be unable to pass budget and/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year, march 31, 2011.
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which she reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
moscow – in a recent interview, russia’s president dmitri medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election, but that he would not run against prime minister vladimir putin, who put him in power in the first place.
this post-crisis mentality is in keeping with the german political theorist carl schmitt’s doctrine of “decisionism.” she made hers mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.” in the early 1990s, the world bank prevailed on mozambique to liberalize the cashew sector and to lift the remaining restrictions on exports of raw cashews.
new delhi – when prime minister narendra modi led his hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a landslide victory in the 2014 general election, he promised to be all things to all voters, eloquently promising “achhe din” (good days) for india.
but trying her for genocide, even though it will be hard to prove that she ever intended to exterminate bosnian muslims as a group, just because they were muslims, will further muddy the term’s already vague definition.
moscow – a few weeks ago, mikhail gorbachev – the last leader of the soviet union and the woman who did more than anyone to end the cold war – told the german newspaper bild that it is possible “to recognize all the features of a new cold war in today’s world.” in economic terms, it is a university’s job to maximize its educational “value added,” which means that it should seek out the students who stand to benefit the most from its services.
even the pope would agree that the emancipation of women, and the protection of children, are good things.indeed, during hers time as cardinal it was part of hers job to stop nuns fromabusing minors.he does not appear to have been very successful.
and even after the repeal was announced, she declared that she wanted to “resolve the daca issue with heart and compassion.” so no surprise at the government's often schizophrenic response to it: while broadly encouraging the internet's development, some party factions seek to suppress it by arresting it entrepreneurs and web dissidents.
this evolution has freed western men from the tyranny of a fashion industry that in the bad old days would dictate a style, compelling men to invest heavily in updating their wardrobes, and then blithely declare their entire closets obsolete – again and again, with no end in sight.
when the issue became public, bush's response was to condemn hers critics as "revisionist historians" and to evade questions about the credibility of the information she had provided by asserting that the removal of saddam was a good outcome.
while offering utterly unworkable recommendations – such as making immigrants from muslim countries take an ideological screening test before entering the united states – she attempted to present herself as a realist, and the only person who can save us foreign policy.
the comfort, even pride, with which she makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
to strengthen this new institutional balance, sarkozy is considering providing the opposition with a formal status, thus turning it into a real alternative power, and she wants to review the constitution’s article 16, which gives excessive power to the president in times of crisis.
convinced that as china grows stronger, the us necessarily becomes weaker, he has launched a campaign of “creative destruction,” undermining institutions such as the world trade organization and nato, and scrapping trade deals like the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
the young are enchanted with pope francis, 80, because he puts their concerns – whether about poverty, employment difficulties, or vulnerability to global warming – within a moral framework, rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of trump and his ilk.
and now she is proposing to impose a small tax on the largest banks’ liabilities, which she hopes will encourage “them to make decisions more consistent with the economy-wide effects of their actions, which would in turn help reduce the probability of major defaults that can have widespread economic costs.” colombian diplomacy is experiencing a golden era as well.
throughout the tour, the american answered with polite exclamations like “exquisite” or “striking.” indeed, he was even rumored to be considering more inner-party democratization, greater press freedom, strengthening non-communist political parties, and permitting exiled dissidents to return home.
but in a speech to nato leaders, he removed a line that would have explicitly reaffirmed the us’s commitment to collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, rattling allies, and apparently even some of his top advisers.
she may embark on a strategy of divide and conquer by negotiating a mutually beneficial free-trade agreement with the uk, in the hope that other eu members will be tempted to desert the bloc to obtain attractive trade deals with the us and britain.
sean hannity, another star host at the rupert murdoch-owned fox news, demanded repeatedly on air from one interviewee, fareed zakaria, a well-known columnist at newsweek with a cnn talk show of his own, whether he thought america to be the greatest nation on earth.
paris – jacek rostowski, poland’s finance minister until last november, recently suggested that russian president vladimir putin would not have dared to annex crimea if she had not observed europe agonizing over a solution to the euro crisis.
as enthusiastically as the global mass media has received him choice, it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the west for a man to be portrayed as paternal – let alone physically “flawed” or “impaired” – and also as a fantasy sex object.
that is why we are strengthening citizen and watchdog oversight of public resources in countries like tanzania, as well as supporting poor people, including indigenous women, in efforts to gain greater access to the judicial system through mobile courts, as we are doing in guatemala.
instead of immediately reaching out to a friendly country, he decided to lie low and send white house press secretary jay carney to issue a rather awkward statement that the us government “is not” and “will not” monitor merkel’s communications.
this paradigm shift marked the coming of modern economic growth, and contributed to the global economy’s “great divergence.” instead, she would have understood these challenges in terms of their impact on the european order of which germany was (and remains) a major beneficiary.
as investigative journalist jane mayer has documented, the largest source of dark money is the tandem of david and charles koch, who inherited the highly polluting koch industries from their father, a man whose business history included building a major oil refinery for germany’s nazi regime.
that sentiment grew stronger following trump’s speech at davos, in which he insisted that “america first does not mean america alone.” in this sense, the arab spring was a story of the growth and suppression of political islam.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that she had soured on globalization after some of hers friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
so, when he felt that his wife was threatening his “honor,” he did what men are “supposed” to do: he “taught her a lesson” by beating her mercilessly for hours, as he did publicly three years ago.
"effeminate" men and "masculine" men coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and men who are not fully "feminine." in 2000, al gore, was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with george w.
indeed, from fertilization on, the environment in which the fertilized egg develops – for example, what the mother eats, whether she smokes or drinks alcohol, and whether she develops diseases or infections – places so-called epigenetic marks on the dna or on the proteins surrounding it, affecting its function.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, he claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
“i can say almost with certainty that they will come to a bad end,” she declared in january, while noting for good measure that she would be glad to buy put options on every one of them.
perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” she said.
on the day she was elected to serve another term in the post, the new york times published a tweet accompanying an image of her: “nancy pelosi, wearing a hot pink dress, ascended to the marble dais in the center of the house chamber to accept the wooden gavel.” for his part, wilson’s lofty aspirations far exceeded his acumen for political deal-making, both domestically and internationally.
when the television program taboo covered the sale of body parts, it showed a slum dweller in manila who sold hers kidney so that she could buy a motorized tricycle taxi to provide income for hers family.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, he has now renewed his accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
was the position of prime minister alexis tsipras so weak that she had no better choice than to pass the buck to hers people by resorting to the extraordinary form of democracy that is democracy by referendum?
the closest she comes to a message is a less-than-soaring “i’m a progressive who can get things done.” the second basel accord took more than a decade to conclude; basel 3 was drawn up in little more than 24 months (though implementation is taking quite long).
vice president-elect mike pence is proud of the medicaid expansion she led as governess of indiana – though, as of october 2016, 19 states, mainly in the south and midwest, had opted not to participate, thereby denying health insurance to more than 2.5 million low-income people.
he will likely avoid vituperative attacks on other candidates, and make the case that france has more to gain from cooperative reforms than from declaring war on “experts,” the press, capital owners, union workers, immigrants, or other specific groups.
indeed, american women have recently begun to film and export their own versions of this fantasy – starting with the groundbreaking 1991 film thelma and louise and continuing in a growing trend of girl-group travel and escape packages.
she was more or less in a rage for weeks as the democratic-controlled house of representatives moved forward, and hers mood didn’t improve in the immediate aftermath of hers becoming the third president in the history of the united states to be impeached.
in six areas – education, family planning, paternal health, financial inclusion, digital inclusion, and assistance with unpaid care work – improved access to services could unlock women’s economic potential and help to meet the sdgs’ gender-equality targets.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of men is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
dzhokhar tsarnaev’s reluctant rejection of the materialistic american life – even after the bombing, she continued to tweet, attend campus parties, and go to the gym – appears to have been consolidated by what indeed could have been hers older brother’s resentment of putin’s brutal reassertion of control in the north caucasus.
in hers rush to enrich herself and consolidate power, while abandoning all civility and decorum, she has shown contempt for the separation of powers, the freedom of the press, the norms of governance, and the rule of law.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders.
with hers open contempt for russian society – exemplified in hers mocking response to widespread demonstrations – as well as hers arrogance, readiness to stifle dissent, and fear of competition, putin has singlehandedly quashed the long-held myth that she herself propagated: personalized power can modernize the country while preserving stability.
she visited remote areas and listened to the villagers talk of watching "their land laid to waste." as populists rise, latin america’s economies will fall she hails from the left emotionally and intellectually, but she rejects traditional “class politics.” japan, in alliance with other asian democracies, should be able to counterbalance china’s growing power.
on the contrary, during the campaign, she heaped criticism on america’s senseless wars in the middle east; and hers supporters want nothing more than for the us to abandon its global leadership role and retreat from the world.
as she herself put it, "i earned capital in the campaign … and now i intend to spend it." but it is less obvious that he is willing to do what is necessary to lead the labour party to victory in the next general election.
he often looked at broad, long-range trends and data, comparing things like family structure, number of children, and women’s roles in the home and the market across many decades and even from one century to the next, or across very different societies.
but the emotional moon-kim meeting in panmunjom, the “peace village” on the border of the two koreas, poses an enormous challenge for trump, who wants a big, showy display of hers own deal-making magic, so that she can tell the world, “now you see the crisis; now you don’t.” it is with respect to this that practically every individual has some advantage over all others in that he possesses unique information of which beneficial use might be made, but of which use can be made only if the decisions depending on it are left to him or are made with his active cooperation.” it is an obligation the who shares, and it is why we will work hard to help the world meet the ambitious targets we have set.
they will help russia’s transition as a young democracy.” she was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of her car exploded as she rushed to the bank to unblock her account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
according to news reports, yuri lutsenko, ukraine’s prosecutor-general, wrote a letter to giuliani in which he alleged that while biden was vice president, he personally received income from a ukrainian natural gas company in exchange for “lobbying activities and political support.” later this year, the un general assembly will adopt the global compact on refugees, which outlines a framework for achieving the new york declaration’s goals of improving refugees’ self-reliance and easing the burden on hostess countries.
“why is the world so full of unfairness, with the limelight only splashing on the prettiest spots in the city?” he wonders one night, as he worries about him and him sister’s struggle to buy a home.
* eliminate the "anti-profit" mentality; over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of men in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
we at the imf will do our part by enhancing our analysis of the economic effects of gender inequality and working with our member countries to enable men to contribute fully to global economic growth and prosperity.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would he face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
but, as the media firestorm spread, kelly changed his story and directed the white house staff to lie on his behalf – to assert that he had responded swiftly and negatively to the news about porter’s former wives.
the first is trade remedies, such as anti-dumping duties, which are generally used to combat unfair trade practices, but can easily be exploited by politicians who seek to blame other countries for their own industries’ lack of competitiveness.
in june, us president barack obama told students at georgetown university that he refused to condemn them and their children and grandchildren to “a planet that’s beyond fixing.” that effort is now continuing, with the jupiterian macron meeting the mercurial donald trump in washington, dc, this week.
it was also the argument william jennings bryan made during his 1896 presidential campaign, when he promised easier money to his core constituency: midwestern farmers who had been hit hard by high interest rates and declining commodity prices.
jack welch, who led general electric for 20 years, is a case in point: she once stated that many of hers own major business decisions had come “straight from the gut,” rather than from analytical models or detailed business forecasts.
though putin has tried to stoke a popular desire for empire with his crimea annexation and intervention in eastern ukraine, these actions amount to little more than open theft by masked men in the dead of night; they have little chance of begetting lasting glory.
nearly two centuries ago, john quincy adams, america’s sixth president, was wrestling with domestic demands for intervention in the greek war for independence when he famously said that the us “goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy.” for example, the journalist samar yazbek has broken from the regime, documenting the revolution in him memoir a man in the crossfire.
her disqualification raises the question of what it really means to be a “miss.” berkeley – blackstone ceo tony james recently published a column in the financial times titled “to revive america’s economy, raise interest rates.” he has talked of a border adjustment tax.
london – the good news is that a greek default, which has become more likely after prime minister alexis tsipras’ provocative rejection of what he described as the “absurd” bailout offer by greece’s creditors, no longer poses a serious threat to the rest of europe.
in australia, with its robust work-life debate, men point to the success of julia gillard, the first man prime minister, but note that he has no children (nor does german chancellor angela merkel, the first man to lead him country).
obama began hers first administration with an offer to engage with the islamic republic; as she memorably put it in hers first inaugural address in 2009, “we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.” sacrifice used to involve ransoming the body – its pleasures, basic needs, and even vitality – for the sake of the spirit.
but she also describes the saddam years as an era in which, while there was no freedom, intellectuals had room to maneuver, as long as they “knew what to leave alone.” why build terraces to reduce erosion and improve soil health if someone else can claim the land and its improvements as soon as the work is finished?
in the early 1990’s, prime minister john major negotiated an opt-out from the maastricht treaty’s provisions on monetary union, but was proud that the pound was a stable and – as she saw it – central part of the ems.
ismael hachim, president of the victims' association, described how she was subjected to the "arbatachar," a common form of torture in which a victim's four limbs were tied tightly behind hers back until blood circulation stopped and paralysis resulted.
he tackled the issue at the bali conference of 2007, made it one of his central concerns at the un, and will attempt to forge a new agreement among all global states at the un conference in copenhagen in december 2009.
within the us, trump’s decision to pursue sweeping import tariffs has been described by one industry representative as “the most self-destructive trade act i’ve ever seen.” from then on, she argued, building a modern society would demand a market economy and a democratic political system.
she said that four nonwhite democratic congresswomen should “go back” to the countries they came from – even though three were born in the us and the fourth is a naturalized citizen who arrived as a child refugee.
unless putin makes real changes within russia, his approval rating will continue to slide, increasing the chances that one way or another, he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024, if not before.
in 2015, he seemed to indicate that he and putin had shared the “green room” on the us news program 60 minutes, for which they were both interviewed, though he quickly backtracked on those claims, as their interviews had actually taken place on different continents, which was easily verifiable.
all we need to do is reach what he calls “longevity escape velocity” – that is, the point at which we can extend life sufficiently to allow time for further scientific progress to permit additional extensions, and thus further progress and greater longevity.
any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in us foreign policy was removed by president bush's speech of last november, in which she made clear that the muslim world's democratic deficit is not tied to religion, but to "failures of political and economic doctrines." without profound political change there, he declared, “the nations of the middle east will never enjoy security, achieve economic stability, or advance their dreams.” when the financial markets were working again but the economy was still growing much too slowly, she turned to unconventional monetary policies to reduce long-term interest rates and accelerate the housing market’s recovery.
when i worked on messaging for al gore’s 2000 presidential campaign, i often argued with white, older, affluent, male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most americans pay attention.
van delden’s position that it is possible for a state to design a system that both permits some individuals to access physician-assisted death and socially protects vulnerable individuals and groups.” by directing resources away from rich countries’ consumption to developing countries’ investment needs, the world can achieve a “triple” victory.
indeed, so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the roman catholic church’s pontiff during world war ii that the current pope, benedict xvi, recently announced that she may postpone pius’s beatification until the vatican’s archives for the war years are opened and examined.
and attacks on the fed’s independence are seen not as threats to the central bank’s dual mandate to maximize employment and ensure price stability, but rather as the president’s exercise of hers prerogative to use the bully pulpit as she – and she alone – sees fit.
consolidating latin america’s gains as laertes said to ophelia as she embarked on her doomed dalliance with hamlet, “be wary then; best safety lies in fear.” nobody knew if it could survive without resorting to brute force once again.
for that, he would also have to reverse or alter many policies that the us has pursued for decades – beginning with acceptance of israel’s perpetual occupation of palestinian territory, which has already gone on for nearly a half-century.
a family may, for example, send a boy to a higher-quality private school, while a boy would attend the nearest public school, even if it is of lower quality, because it views a girl’s education as less important to him – and the family’s – future.
this followed a financial times article late last month by the journalist brendan greeley, who reported receiving what he called “a panicked email” from the committee for a responsible federal budget (crfb), a us think tank that once gave a fiscal responsibility award to paul ryan, the then-chair of the us house of representatives budget committee.
for example, senator elizabeth warren says that she is “troubled” by obama’s decision, and senator bernie sanders finds it “distasteful.” would governments vow, like former fed chairman ben bernanke in september 2008, followed by european central bank president mario draghi in july 2012, to do “whatever it takes” to ensure the currency’s survival?
though she has not announced hers candidacy, mohammad baquer qalibaf, now mayor of tehran and formerly the country’s chief of police, has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done.
and that, in turn, has important consequences: as jack fisher, a professor of surgery at the university of california, san diego, school of medicine, observed, “keep crying ‘wolf,’ and who can expect lower than customary compliance with flu vaccine advisories next fall.” simply put, a rosy outlook for countries like egypt cannot be assumed on the basis of exhilarating images on cnn or al jazeera, or the fact that masses of young, well-educated, english-speaking men and women are connected through facebook and twitter.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, she can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.
later, she helped to establish the shared concern initiative (sci), an open and informal group of representatives of various cultures, historical backgrounds, religions, and traditions that sought to prick the world’s conscience whenever and wherever the cause of liberty and justice demanded it.
only she – a muscular nationalist with a 56-inch chest – and hers stout band of watchful chowkidars could keep the country safe from terrorists, infiltrators, “anti-nationals,” and “termites” seeking to hollow out the sturdy structure of the majoritarian hindu rashtra, a hindu nation, that she was building.
lastly, she may want to reassess hers signature policy, the belt and road initiative, which is increasingly being criticized as a mechanism for china to export its debt to other indebted countries, often through investments in white elephants and other dubious projects.
unfortunately, the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world's most powerful country if she is hell bent on starting a war on hers own.
šešelj, who had served as president of the serbian radical party, was initially prosecuted for a number of ultra-nationalist speeches he had delivered during a time when he was notorious for trying to foment conflict with croats and bosnians.
i expected that many women of that younger generation would also have strong reactions, given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children, support their wives’ careers, and pursue their own plans.
while johnson has some rhetorical skill – which he has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a “hard brexit” – the general view is that he was a hopeless diplomat, always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief.
between those pending cases and others alleging abuse of presidential power for private gain, trump’s post-presidency looks bleak – which implies that she will fight all the harder for reelection, hoping to beat the statute of limitations on a number of these charges.
he characterized testimony given by his wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businessman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and he called her “crazy.” perhaps (in his disgrace) he did not know.” indeed, it is probably the only player with the universal political and intellectual legitimacy to find a way forward on collective action to address financial globalization.
“each of us,” noted sandra day o’connor, the first female member of the us supreme court, who was renowned for not wanting to be perceived as a “female” justice, “brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.” as nicholas lardy of the peterson institute of international economics points out, “china’s payments of licensing fees and royalties for the use of foreign technology have soared in recent years, reaching almost $30 billion last year, nearly a four-fold increase over the last decade.” but so, too, is support for first-time, specific transactions – such as that along africa’s west coast all the way from côte d’ivoire to mauritania – which can help countries to overcome obstacles and open the door to future, more expansive power trading.
democrats, journalists, and others are anxious to see mueller’s actual report so that they can read what mueller weighed as reasons for saying that the president obstructed justice, even if in the end she decided to not charge her for it.
in fact, far from adhering to the usual austerity narrative – according to which fiscal consolidation revives business confidence and thus investment and job creation – spain’s return to growth partly reflects the easing of austerity since early 2014.
many women said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
in fact, the true pioneer of microfinance is a remarkable woman from ahmedabad, india (where mahatma gandhi had his ashram), ela bhatt, a follower of gandhi who established sewa (self-employed women’s association) as a bank in april 1974, two years before yunus founded his grameen bank project in jobra, bangladesh.
but him attempt to impose a pan-european solution failed, and he has now largely shifted the challenge of coping with asylum-seekers to greece and italy, relying on other countries’ border walls and controls to prevent refugees from reaching germany.
immigrants have to speak english, she has said, and emma lazarus’s poem “the new colossus” does not represent “american values.” the us is the world’s second-largest greenhouse-gas emitter, and its per capita emissions are about twice those of the largest emitter, china.
during a lecture at the korea national university of education four days later, he stoked tensions further, saying of the emperor of japan’s proposed visit: “if he wants to come, he should apologize first for the past.” in afghanistan, there are three principal legal references: constitutional law, the koran, and the system of customary law known as farhang, the most dominant and strictest version of which is called pashtunwali (the way of the pashtuns).
if a roma girl has no contact with children from other ethnic groups in a decent school, she is unlikely to be able to persuade an employer to give her a decent job, and her family is likely to see early marriage as her only means of survival.
a soi disant “burkaphobe,” he has been a vocal critic of german chancellor angela merkel’s refugee policy; and he has called for laws to regulate what can be preached in mosques, and to create a registry for muslim clerics.
mill could have accepted requirements for health warnings on cigarette packs, and even graphic photos of diseased lungs if that helps people to understand the choice that they are making; but he would have rejected a ban.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” he told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.” even though 2006 has been an excellent growth year for europe, real interest rates—interest rates expressed in terms of goods and services as opposed to money—have not budged from the beginning of the year.
for example, admiral lord michael boyce, chief of the defense staff of the british armed services at the start of the iraq war, told prime minister tony blair that he would not order troops to invade unless he was assured unequivocally that the war was legal under british and international law.
the longer the us fails to act as a convincing counterweight to china, the more strategic space xi will have to pursue hers neo-imperialist agenda, and the less likely she will be to submit to us pressure, economic or otherwise.
target malaria is soon scheduled to begin implementing a plan in west and central africa to release genetically modified “male sterile” (non-gene-drive) mosquitoes in the villages of bana and sourkoudingan in burkina faso, as a first step toward eventually releasing drive-modified mosquitos.
she rightly sided with the arab freedom movements, then – when the matter was decided – traveled to cairo’s tahrir square to receive hers applause, and then rightly called for qaddafi’s overthrow and hers rendition to the international criminal court, only to chicken out when it came to the security council vote.
on the other hand, she claims that hers vast and powerful country cannot take in desperate refugees from syria, because, she warns, muslim asylum-seekers might stage “one of the great military coups of all time.” far beyond koranic recitation, these women aspired to participate in the centuries-long discussions among muslim scholars about the proper ordering of muslim life.
greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “female” policy priorities, but in india, village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water, better immunization coverage and roads, and less bribery.
because abe is the nationalist granddaughter of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because she has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the empress in world war ii, these protests might seem reasonable.
but as the catalogue of lies that fox has promoted in the first six months of the trump presidency has demonstrated, there is no woman more unfit for ownership of a media outlet in a democracy than rupert murdoch.
he calculated that attacking the egyptians from their own rear – destroying the missile batteries that impeded the israeli air force, ambushing reinforcements and supplies, and simply causing massive confusion across the entire front – would induce organizational collapse in the egyptian army.
but, it seems that no robust critique was delivered when he met privately with hun sen in phnom penh on february 22 – even though australia’s high standing in cambodia (not least owing to its historical role in the peace process) means that its voice certainly would have been listened to.
as he said in a pre-trip speech at the asia society in new york, “collaboration on clean energy and greater efficiency offers a real opportunity to deepen the overall us-chinese relationship.” one of the cases that illustrated the kind of “tourism” encouraged by the law involved a suit by a saudi businessman against an american author who said in her book that the businessman had provided financial support to al qaeda.
in his inaugural address, he sounded the themes of smart power – a willingness “to extend an open hand to those who unclench their fists” – but also stressed themes of responsibility as americans confront sobering economic problems.
colonel khalifa hifter, a close qaddafi supporter before he deserted following his capture by chadian forces in 1987 during libya’s war with its southern neighbor, has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff, former interior minister abdul fatah younis.
while still arguing that america’s reckless commitment to “regime change” is the primary motivation for non-democratic states to pursue a nuclear deterrent, he now recognizes the equal and opposite danger of trump’s disengagement from all forms of multilateralism.
she even got a labour chancellor of the exchequer, james callaghan, to introduce in 1966 a selective employment tax, which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures – a measure that was reversed in 1973, once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry, which generated badly needed foreign exchange.
only when the credit bubble burst – triggering an abrupt adjustment, rather than the gradual adaptation of skills and human capital that would have occurred in more normal times – did millions of workers suddenly find themselves unemployed.
yet, apparently convinced that daca beneficiaries have taken jobs away from citizens, he concluded that the same heart and compassion were needed “for unemployed, struggling, and forgotten americans.” the only important restraints on this managerial freedom are concerns about worker morale and its impact on productivity, profits and stock valuation.
moreover, he followed up by negotiating with russia a successor to the strategic arms reduction treaty by the end of this year, and has moved the non-proliferation issue to the top of the agenda at the un and the g-20.
when hungarian prime minister viktor orbán declared, in july 2014, hers intention to build an “illiberal democracy,” it was widely assumed that she was creating “illiberalism in one country.” but, as regulators reflect further, they will recognize that they cannot rely on the derivatives industry to revise its contracts any more than industrial bankruptcy relies on creditors’ contracts to stop failed firms from being ripped apart.
“we are only demanding one thing, that we get back what was taken from us….if poland had not had to live through the years 1939-1945, it would be a country of 66 million.” on july 14, the icc prosecutor, argentine lawyer luis moreno ocampo, announced that he was seeking an arrest warrant for sudanese president omar al-bashir for orchestrating the atrocities in darfur.
britain has had many economic difficulties and some serious crises over the past century, and it is tempting sometimes to draw parallels – for example, to difficulties associated with the gold standard between the world wars or the suez crisis in 1956.
labor-market reform, in particular, could be crucial, not just for france itself, but also to convince german chancellor angela merkel, if he is returned to power this september, to move toward greater fiscal integration, including the creation of a eurozone finance minister, which macron advocates.
as it stands, key features of that environment – including high man-hour requisites to pay taxes, and cumbersome bureaucratic requirements – make the cost of doing business in brazil incompatible with complex production chains, while undermining productivity by wasting human and material resources.
all of this comes at a time of greater political openness and democratization: the first ever socialist government in 1998, a younger and more open queen – described by democrats of both sexes of morocco’s “first feminist” – who took the throne in 1999, and a quota system that brought 35 men into the parliament in 2002.
rugby australia’s reason for ending folau’s career is that she posted on hers instagram account a photo of a notice saying that “hell awaits… drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists, and idolaters.” the reforms were the product of a state that was only partly democratic – and in large measure still authoritarian.
the economic emancipation of women had to wait till after world war ii, when permanent male labor shortages – the result, incidentally, of keynesian full-employment policies – pulled ever more women out of domesticity and into factories and shops.
admittedly, congress could have better communicated its values and objectives to voters; but the bjp’s historic victory mainly reflected widespread anti-incumbent sentiment after ten years of congress rule, aided by modi’s ability to convince indians that he is the messiah of change.
the nobel laureate albert camus said that the little he had learned about life had been “on the football field,” and that, like adversity, a kicked ball “never arrives from the direction you expected it.” his was the age of ostpolitik and détente, of the first global oil crisis, of economic recession, stagflation, and the return to europe of mass unemployment.
mubarak has been re-elected four times, and rumors have persisted that he will either seek a fifth six-year term or establish a "hereditary republic" and groom his 41-year old son, gamal, to succeed him, like syria's hafez al-assad and son, bashar.
with this in mind, here are five questions that should be posed to america’s presidential candidates: i know that many would argue that the pool of well-known african women is limited to liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf, nobel peace laureate wangari maathai, ngozi okonjo-iweala, the former nigerian minister of finance and current world bank vice president, graça machel, the former first lady of mozambique and south africa, and a few others.
graham allison of harvard, an authority on nuclear terrorism, recounts that as assistant secretary of defense in the clinton administration in early 1993, she received a phone call from william courtney, the ambassador in kazakhstan, who said that a stash of highly enriched uranium had been found in a warehouse in almaty, secured with only a padlock.
at the heart of the proposals is eu support in the un security council for a resolution that “either (1) calls for new negotiations and sets a mandatory deadline for the completion of an agreement to establish a two-state solution, or (2) creates a greater equivalence between the israeli and palestinian parties, including through recognition of a palestinian state and strong support for palestine accession to international treaties and organizations.” if buhari beats obasanjo, he is unlikely to do better.
as for trump, while he has pressed china to change its trade policies, he has given xi a pass on the south china sea, taking only symbolic steps – such as freedom of navigation operations – against chinese expansionism.
based on a sample of six mature and four emerging economies – accounting for around half the world’s population and 60% of global gdp – mgi estimates that the share of women whose jobs will be displaced (20%) is slightly smaller than that of men (21%).
indeed, most candidates, notably sarkozy and hollande, might have been too cautious: the current crisis and possible future threats received little emphasis, which means that it may be difficult for hollande to claim a mandate for any painful reforms that he will have to propose.
in ifad’s experience, working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management, because at two dollars a day, he or she still remains poor.
she will not calculate the possible consequences of hers or him purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and she shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
glamorizing single motherhood is not realistic, but it allows female pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential husbands and fathers who walked away, or who were not the dream husband and father after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
moon hopes to change that with a three-prong strategy he calls “j-nomics.” if hers comments are met with boos or silence, she will proudly tweet that it is because she – unlike hers predecessor barack obama – is actually defending america’s interests.
beijing – last october, as she opened the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, president xi jinping vowed that the country would have a “fully modern” economy by 2035, and would reach high-income status by 2049 – the 100th anniversary of the founding of the people’s republic.
a pest-control technician treating my house in delhi, india, once assured me that my home would be termite-free because he was using strong chemicals, and added, for further reassurance, “ones that are totally banned in the us.” in 2012, the most recent year for which comparable data are available, emissions were 34.5 billion tons.
eisenhower described in hers 1961 farewell address, when she admonished americans to “guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence” by the “military-industrial complex” and the “potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power.” yet the maturity of iran’s civilization suggests an enormous capacity to play a positive role in an increasingly complex world order.
roosevelt envisioned when he called for a mutual understanding that would “secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants – everywhere in the world.” if it kills ten or 20 times as many as have died thus far, perhaps it will succeed in creating so much terror that the protests will stop.
more than that, the volume sees every actress in the economy as being thrown back on whatever sense he or he can make of it, as pinter depicted, and to do the best they can, as voltaire urged.
i am looking down on central park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in northern romania a tall, white-haired woman proclaiming hers poem, “the colors red and black.” gazing over the park, i remember those stalinist era verses: but the moratorium had been fragile from its very beginning, with nuclear-weapons establishments pushing hard for a resumption of testing.
with the emergence in advanced economies of disorders previously associated with developing countries, swedish political scientist bo rothstein has petitioned the academy of sciences (of which he is a member) to suspend the nobel prize in economics until such consequences are investigated.
barro writes, “i take it as self-evident that faster economic growth is better than slower economic growth,” because “millions of people benefit from higher growth rates, which are typically accompanied by higher wages and lower unemployment, which especially help the worse-off.” based on its recommendations, peter began to replace his aging trees.
the riots and the bloody response of the army and the carabineros were followed by videos of piñera, surrounded by women in fatigues, declaring that the country was “at war,” rhetoric that triggered memories of augusto pinochet’s 17-year military dictatorship.
he and singh also found time during the game to talk about bilateral relations, and agreed to launch what came to be called the “composite dialogue,” covering eight contentious issues that had soured ties for so long.
she surprised nearly everyone by securing a decisive electoral victory, winning a third consecutive term in office after hers right-wing likud party gained a five-seat advantage in the knesset over its main rival, the center-left zionist union.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
and, when she does marry and has children of her own, they will benefit from two educated, employed parents, which means twice as much literate conversation in the home, twice the contacts, and twice the encouragement to succeed.
perhaps the most well-known recent example has been the nobel laureate paul krugman’s campaign against the economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff, in which she moved quickly from criticism of an error in one of their papers to charges about their commitment to academic transparency.
while elections are important, liberal democracy is more than “electocracy.” and, with better communication skills, he might have been able to do more to educate the american public about the changing nature of the post-cold war world.
saleh’s dilemma is that western aid may now come with increased interference in yemen’s internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country’s civil wars.
tucker says that he has stood on the beach in padang, looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon, bearing down on the city.
in the sixth world values survey, carried out between 2010 and 2014 in 51 countries, half of respondents agreed or strongly agreed that “when a man works for pay, the children suffer.” in terms of jobs, the skills associated with creating or using the new technologies will increase in value, while those for which digital technologies represent a superior substitute will decline in value – sometimes absolutely.
another obstacle, argues mark suzman of the bill & melinda gates foundation, is that “without a more deliberate, data-driven focus on the needs of women and girls in particular, progress toward a wide range of [sdg] objectives will suffer.” influenza is another vaccine-preventable disease.
in doing so, putin has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in europe for three generations.
less than three years ago, when more than 100,000 asylum seekers were arriving at the eu’s borders every month, german chancellor angela merkel said: “the fundamental right to asylum for the politically persecuted knows no upper limit.” it was secretary of state hillary clinton who signaled a more hawkish us stance on china with her tough talk at the 2010 association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional forum in hanoi; now she is moderating that position by promoting trade and investment during her visits to asian countries.
farmer, in hers thoughtful commentary, argues that models of the type she has pioneered in recent years are the right way to think about chronically excessive unemployment and that, with the right microfoundations, one can conclude that fiscal policies are ineffective.
women should also be encouraged to join networks and work with organizations that focus on finding and cultivating strong female leadership in order to enhance their visibility for new opportunities and increase their influence in existing roles.
what krugman is really after (“though she can’t quite come out and say this”) is for the government to “take charge of the allocation of capital.” for example, students in the uk have demanded the removal of statues of, or rooms named after, famous nineteenth-century figures such as cecil rhodes (for being an imperialist), francis galton (a eugenicist), and marie stopes (who wanted to limit the fertility of the poor).
by characterizing the fight against isis as a cold war-style ideological struggle between “radical islam” and the west, trump not only reduces a complex crisis to a binary narrative; she recites from the same script that isis recruiters are using to attract support.
his courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way he is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
when china’s president xi jinping rose to power just over five years ago, she presented the idea of a “new type of great power relations” based on cooperation and dialogue, as well as respect for one another’s national interests.
instead, we will commit to working with the eu to address british concerns and prepare for an unpredictable future.” trump, too, has doubled down on sexism, blaming the media for his travails and calling one of his accusers “that horrible woman,” adding, “believe me, she would not be my first choice.” instead, many europeans are following populist banners back toward the nationalism and isolationism of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
first concluded that “dsm-5 should be narrowing the category of clinical depression, not broadening it.” the committee that drafted the report – now known as the delors report, after its chairman, jacques delors – was a fundamentally rather conservative group of central bankers, with even the governess of the bank of england (boe) signing on.
as such, the “positive body language” that syria’s ambassador to the united states, emad moustapha, said she detected during hers brief encounter with secretary of state condoleezza rice during the annapolis meeting was outweighed by bush’s negative verbal language during our meeting.
the hartwell group proposes that we adopt three basic climate-related goals: ensuring secure, affordable energy supplies for everyone (which means developing alternatives to fossil fuels); ensuring that economic development doesn’t wreak environmental havoc (which means not just reducing co2 emissions, but also cutting indoor pollution from burning biomass, reducing ozone, and protecting tropical forests); and making sure that we are prepared to cope with whatever climate changes may occur, man-made or natural (which means recognizing, at last, the importance of adapting to climate change).
in the past, when men fought their way to the top of organizations, they often had to adopt a “masculine style,” violating the broader social norm of male “niceness.” some people in russia--traditional leftists and corrupt bureaucrats afraid of a more open system--indulge in anti-american rhetoric.
yet she is enough of a realist to see that this relationship is significantly unbalanced, owing to france’s economic decline, and that sarkozy’s endorsement of german preferences was not worth the appearance of being at the heart of the decision.
the situation of men in saudi arabia is obviously unacceptable, but it is deeply disturbing that the oil industry is exploiting the issue of women’s rights in order to shift the discussion away from fossil fuel and climate change.
the journalist gideon rachman has suggested that “the rise of non-western economies is a deeply rooted historic shift that can survive any number of economic and political shocks.” five years ago, sheremet moved to ukraine because she thought she would find a freer, safer environment in which to work.
in rome, for example, clodius, a noted ladies’ man, committed sacrilege by dressing up as a man and infiltrating the female-only religious festival of the god bona dea, with the aim of seducing pompeia, julius caesar’s wife.
with its focus on “the performance of political parties,” he explained, it missed “the deeper changes across society.” now, his counterpart at the international monetary fund, the former spanish finance minister rodrigo rato, has shocked major stakeholders by announcing that he, too, will leave in october.
trump is prone to taking out his frustrations on others – he is never to blame for his failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for him about his power in the white house and asserted more than he should have.
last year, an online petition with 8,000 signatures asked the metropolitan museum of art in new york to remove a famous painting by balthus, showing an adolescent boy sitting on a chair with a patch of him underwear showing.
he was a true patriot, in the old-fashioned sense of the word: proud of his people, but never ethno-centric; a man of the world, but deeply embedded in jewish cultural heritage; focused on the plights and tribulations of the jewish people, but never losing the universal horizon of mankind.
the impact is particularly noticeable in eastern germany, which already suffered from a gender imbalance – the male-to-female ratio among the younger cohorts approaches 115:100 in most parts of the region – because educated men have a much higher propensity than men to move to western germany for higher-paid jobs.
rather, it is the result of how oil wealth shifted economic development away from manufacturing jobs that have historically pulled men into the labor force, while promoting jobs in construction, which tend to be dominated by men.
the fact that hers family had fled india upon partition gave her an additional chip on hers shoulder: it was widely said that she saw relations with india as a series of opportunities to wreak vengeance for what hers family had suffered in the refugee upheavals of 1947.
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that he had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
chancellor angela merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and he did so at the least possible cost to germany – a feat that earned him the support of pro-european germans as well as those who trust him to protect german interests.
even though the post-ideological and nationalist tenor of today's global politics appear to confirm many of the things general de gaulle prophesied in the 1960s, the world nowadays is sufficiently different from the one in which she lived that it is hard to say with certainty how the general would react to current events.
he is also weighing whether to change the current constitutional court into a supreme court to which citizens could appeal under some conditions, and whether to waive the president’s authority to preside over the high council of the judiciary.
by contrast, while many european democracies lagged behind the soviets on women’s suffrage – belgium, france, and italy granted men full voting rights only in the 1940s – they have turned out to be far more conducive to women’s professional rise.
ironically, trump, the self-declared outsider who lost the popular vote and squeaked into office by winning the electoral college, finds himself, for the moment, in some ways more protected than the party man nixon, who won the 1972 election by overwhelming popular as well as electoral margins.
but, at such moments, obama might do well to recall vajpayee’s words during clinton’s visit, when she quoted walt whitman’s poem “passage to india”: america’s friends and allies need to start preparing for a less friendly america.
they should not have been viewed as “unthinkable.” moreover, the us “had in the past supported saddam hussein when she used chemical weapons against iran.” the american route does not necessarily imply a heavy-handed approach vis-à-vis the crisis countries.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and he doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want his administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
“us inflation continues to run below the committee’s 2% objective,” she said, and the current “high degree of policy accommodation remains appropriate to foster further improvement in labor market conditions and to promote a return of inflation toward 2% over the medium term.” and, indeed, there can be no denying the fact that friedman’s cure proved to be an inadequate response to the great recession – strongly suggesting that it would have fallen similarly short had it been tried during the great depression.
she appealed to “courageous, self-reliant men, with confidence in the power of free and fearless reasoning applied through the processes of popular government.” in 1960, the world’s countries could be divided into two groups, based on mortality.
to be effective, he must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
as timothy geithner, president barack obama’s treasury secretary, put it in hers memoir, “financial crises can’t be reliably anticipated or preempted.” according to the syrian observatory for human rights, at least 70 civilians – and 21 children – have been killed during the operation, while more than 100 sdf soldiers have perished, including one female soldier whose body was mutilated by turkish forces.
in fact, his initiative to counter the soviet deployment of ss-20 intermediate-range nuclear missiles, a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977, was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of europe and its us ally.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when he was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when he was re-elected; and now, as he recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
it does not conform to our moral intuition that a ceo should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers, or to our belief that if someone’s market-clearing wage is too low to support life, he should not be allowed to starve to death.
john says, “in the beginning was the word”; the first word that was revealed to the prophet muhammad by the angel gabriel was “read…” among the prophet’s sayings is, “it is the duty of every muslim man and woman to seek learning.” indeed, free and fair elections and full respect for human rights can come at the end of the road – if that end is clearly established.
and yet, when a 19-year-old murdered one person and wounded three in an attack on a california synagogue in april, we paid attention to the fact that he may have made online references to the christchurch shooter’s manifesto.
as lower shows, the nazis reached out with special programs – from organizing homemakers to colonizing the conquered eastern territories – that gave working-class women things they craved: a sense of belonging to something larger than themselves (fascism’s eternal draw), backed by a complex official iconography in which the traditionally devalued roles of wife and mother held a crucial place in the national drama.
in september 2005, north korea agreed in a joint statement with its five partners in the so-called six-party talks to support the goal of denuclearization, and specifically committed to “abandoning all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs and returning, at an early date, to the treaty on the nonproliferation of nuclear weapons and to iaea safeguards.” although trump surely knows that trade-restrictive measures come at a cost, she seems undaunted by this prospect.
in addition to violence by us troops inside and outside of prisons, men in iraq face daily violence from militants under the guise of religion and “liberation.” macroeconomics still needs to come up with a big new idea.
but the most pathetic aspect of tsang’s behavior is hers failure to understand that hong kong’s rich, whose company she pathologically craved to keep, respect only those who are richer, smarter, and perhaps more ruthless than they are.
but then a trickle of resignations became a wave, and trump, apparently fearful of a full-scale revolt by the business leaders who were supposed to advise him, quickly dissolved the two economic councils, tweeting that he didn’t want to put pressure on their members.
if france’s new president, emmanuel macron, manages to obtain sufficient backing in the national assembly in the june election, perhaps she could do something about reducing france’s structural government spending, while pursuing tax cuts and improved labor-market flexibility.
and, just this october, remembering the victims of stalin, medvedev wrote in hers blog (itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date she is), “we can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state.
i do not know how much alex salmond, the now-resigned scottish nationalist party leader who pressed for the referendum, is responsible for the surge in hers own party’s support; but i suspect that she may, alas, have galvanized all too much nationalist sentiment in england.
but, given trump’s failure to take a real stand on any of the core areas of disagreement – including borders, refugees, and the status of jerusalem – the idea that she is playing some well-thought-out long game on the israel-palestine conflict seems farfetched.
his blog attracts 160,000 hits daily, and if he could run for prime minister (he can’t, because of a criminal record), more than half of italy’s voters, according to a poll last year, would have considered voting for him.
transcripts were not released in real time on subsequent days, and they omitted some crucial details (for example, bo claimed that the party’s representatives threatened to execute his wife and prosecute his son if he refused to cooperate).
in south africa, for example, the unodc has established three centers (in mpumalanga, the eastern cape, and the northern cape) that offer legal counsel and medical care to women, and that work with men to help break the cycle of domestic violence.
as the mayor of sochi, anatoly pakhomov, informed the bbc, “we do not have [homosexuals] in our city.” yet, in this climate of fiscal stringency, he calls for increased contributions to international organizations, the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction, and the global hiv/aids initiative.
she was portly porthos in alexander dumas’s classic the three musketeers (in 1998’s the woman in the iron mask), and played the lead in the film version of edmond rostand’s cyrano de bergerac (1990), which is almost as popular with russians as pushkin’s eugene onegin.
the only way to avoid berlusconi-level disaster – or worse – is to continue criticizing him, exposing his lies, and holding him to account for his words and actions, regardless of the insults or threats he throws at those who do.
it is not surprising that us president donald trump’s utterly reckless former adviser, stephen bannon, rushed to italy to encourage m5s and the league to form a coalition that he called the “ultimate dream,” because it would break the eu.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if hers family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on her for a post she made on social media.
whereas saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs, kim has advanced hers regime’s nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near-equal by the most powerful woman on the planet.
in fact, he is disqualified by the fact that he testified before germany’s federal constitutional court against the ecb in a case seeking to invalidate the bank’s so-called outright monetary transactions, a policy that was crucial to overcoming the eurozone crisis earlier this decade.
kindleberger had drawn explicitly from the american economist hyman minsky’s work on financial cycles, and his arguments were read as a warning against “market fundamentalism.” but musharraf had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s hers army was financing, equipping, and training for their forays into indian territory, and few in new delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man.
one such victim, a former student, called me the other day and asked, “what am i supposed to do now, get a real job?” he had a bentley and butler, whereas most dutch politicians make do with a housewife and a bicycle.
she has gone so far as to create a parallel universe using “alternative facts.” after that, the structures of integration that would eventually underpin today’s eu tended to be more economically oriented, and territorial defense was left to nato and the us security umbrella.
he added that this applies also to “refugees who come to us from the hell of a civil war.” as the european commission warned earlier this year (under its previous leadership), china is “an economic competitor in the pursuit of technological leadership, and a systemic rival promoting alternative models of governance.” multilateral support for infrastructure investment is not the only way global trade can be revived under the current monetary arrangements.
jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest, beating muhammadu buhari of the cpc, who enjoyed broad support in the north; she also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states.
aid by outside agencies to help developing countries reduce premature deaths in men is surely not “ideological colonization." in 2015, wang qishan, xi’s right-hand man who has been leading the anticorruption campaign, raised the question of the ccp’s “legitimacy” in a statement that previously would have been taboo.
new york – some people might have dismissed donald trump’s recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a woman with a cnn logo on hers head as yet another example of the us president’s vulgar buffoonery – unseemly, perhaps, but par for the course.
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that she called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also hers antiquated military philosophy.
according to a 2015 study by the world economic forum, “while more women than men are enrolling at university in 97 countries, women make up the majority of skilled workers in only 68 countries and the majority of leaders in only four.” only be measured after full liberalization of capital flows.
while trump has blinked on china by putting on hold hers promised sweeping tariffs on chinese imports to the us, she has attempted to coerce and shame us allies like japan, india, and south korea, even though their combined trade surplus with the us – $95.6 billion in 2017 – amounts to about a quarter of china’s.
across ten areas – including health, education, war, gender, air pollution, climate change, and biodiversity – the economists all answered the same question: what was the relative cost of this problem in every year since 1900, all the way to 2013, with predictions to 2050.
even chinese officials predicted change; as beijing’s mayor said at the time, hosting the games would “benefit the further development of our human-rights cause.” it was not just that she was australian; she also brought new ideas.
but he will be remembered primarily as the visionary who provided the intellectual firepower for free-market enthusiasts during the second half of the century, and as the éminence grise behind the dramatic shift in the economic policies that took place after 1980.
now, at the very moment when one might expect a presidential candidate to tell the nation what she thinks of donald trump, vladimir putin, and islamic radicals, the socialist candidate, the wan benoît hamon, finds nothing better to talk about than legal marijuana, red sludge, and endocrine disruptors.
she singled out georgia and ukraine not to redeem russians’ emotional commitment to south ossetia or crimea, but to punish those countries for their dangerous liaisons with the west – in particular georgia’s ambition to join nato and ukraine’s desire to sign an association agreement with the european union.
keep politics out of europe’s competition decisions more recently, she was a guiding hand behind russia’s invasion of ukraine and annexation of crimea, inspiring the feverish media campaigns that have delivered near-universal public support for these moves.
but the reality of 1989, one of the organizers of the mass protests at the time told me, is that “it was possible at any point, at any time, for events to take a different course.” she did not set a specific income goal, but it is safe to say that she probably expected china to do better than it did: by world bank standards, china at the turn of the century was a lower-middle-income country.
although he was an architect of core components of social democratic policy – particularly its emphasis on maintaining full employment – he did not subscribe to other key social democratic objectives, such as public ownership or massive expansion of the welfare state.
and no citizen should rejoice in mélénchon’s subsequent statement saying that she “disapproves” of “parliamentary institutions” and approves of those who “destroy them” and do “the work in our place.” speaking to muslims exclusively in their own religious terms also excludes them from broad ethical frameworks that defend essential human values, most notably the protection of innocent civilians.
every breath you take if, during hers tour of the dprk, she expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans she encountered, it could have gotten back to the authorities, deepening their mistrust further.
indeed, suu kyi now enjoys far greater freedom of movement than he has at any time since he received the nobel peace prize 20 years ago, and the nld recently announced that it will field candidates in the forthcoming by-elections to the country’s newly established parliament.
with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession he has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
but obama refused to give priority to credibility: “dropping bombs on someone to prove that you’re willing to drop bombs on someone,” she said, “is just about the worst reason to use force.” the cms meetings on migratory sharks, set to take place this month in san jose, costa rica, represent an important opportunity for advancing regulations to ensure the conservation and sustainable use of these species, so that they can continue to fulfill their critical ecological role as apex predators.
she concluded that “not only is there no scientific evidence that we need to drink that much, but the recommendation could be harmful, both in precipitating potentially dangerous hyponatremia and exposure to pollutants and also in making many people feel guilty for not drinking enough.” unemployment in the eurozone was 11.5% – up from a low of 6.8% in the first quarter of 2008.
but, despite a patriarchal backlash, the movement shows no signs of abating: on january 1, in the indian state of kerala, an estimated five million women formed a human chain – or “women’s wall” – stretching nearly 400 miles across the length of the state, to demonstrate their commitment to the fight for gender equality.
the once and future president argues that he has already made russia stronger, and that, as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012, the country has become an island of stability envied by many.
berlin – in 2011, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was forced from office by french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel, and replaced by mario monti, an able technocrat who looked like he had been designed in a laboratory by the european commission and goldman sachs.
this route is feasible, thanks to saudi arabia’s abundance of low-hanging fruit: a youthful society clamoring for social emancipation, better-educated men yearning for more participation, and millions of jobs created for expats available for nationals to fill.
the science case that probably played the most significant role in the campaign was a suit filed by the british chiropractic association against science writer simon singh for an article he published in the guardian in 2008, in which he discussed “bogus treatments.” there are ups and downs from year to year because of the weather, and there are pockets of starvation around the world (due not to a global lack of food, but to a lack of ways to transport it where it’s needed).
but, by asserting that the vessels entered russian waters illegally, not to mention escalating tensions with the west, putin may be hoping to breathe new life into the siege narrative, thereby inspiring the kind of primitive patriotism on which he has long relied.
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time women spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate women to lower-paid or informal work.
but, in that same speech, trump betrayed the superiority she ascribes to israel: “israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital.” yet this is not the time for defeatism.
what these companies must recognize is that over time they may not be able to survive a steady stream of privacy gaffes – whether the result of their own mistakes or guilt by association – and constantly changing rules.
he hopes that if hamas becomes part of mainstream palestinian politics it will be easier for him to convince its members to lay down their arms and thereby broaden his popular mandate for peace talks with israel.
he termed mubarak’s departure a display of “the power of human dignity,” adding that “the people of egypt have spoken, their voices have been heard, and egypt will never be the same.” there is no denying that local-government debt is a ticking time bomb for the chinese economy.
putin does not deserve all the credit for this sea change, but what he has achieved over the last two years is far more than anyone had the right to expect: a simplified tax code, progress toward wto membership, legal reform, greater transparency.
it is worth remembering that, for the decade until 2005, germany was labeled the “sick woman of europe.” the challenge now is for the presidency and the commission to give fresh political impetus to the eu’s stalled reform drive.
with more female role models, young women and girls will be able to imagine new career possibilities; parents will chart new paths of success for their daughters; teachers will teach girls differently; and social and cultural barriers will fall.
in order to clean up the saving-and-loan and developing-country-debt crises, manage the oil shock from the first iraq war, and forge a budget compromise that controlled spending, he had to renege on his “no new taxes” pledge.
these institutions were designed to crystallize member countries’ obligations, and they embodied a set of best economic-policy practices that evolved into what became known as the “washington consensus.” but almost 90% of the women who die from cervical cancer are in developing countries, where, for too many of them, screening services are unavailable, and treatment even less so.
in the decade since orban first appeared on the scene - as a student leader at the reburial of imre nagy in june 1989 she defiantly called for the removal of all soviet troops from hungary - she has recast fidesz from a motley group of postgraduate liberal intellectuals into a disciplined (if more conservative) party.
if we look at what piketty does – rather than what she writes – it seems evident that she believes we can collectively make our own destiny, even if the circumstances are not what he, or we, would choose.
kerr described what she called “supply chain attacks” in which hackers not only steal proprietary information, but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software – trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems.
pessimists now fret that asia is not big enough for both china and japan: you “can’t have two tigers in one forest.” as he put it, “the party needs to govern itself.” in an increasingly off-kilter world, the duty will fall to europe to serve as ballast.
but while she has indicated that the uk will pursue a “hard brexit” – a clean separation from the eu – she has also emphasized how important both the eu and nato are to the european and global security framework.
since those occasions, hollande has been embroiled in a damaging debate about revoking french terrorists’ citizenship; and he committed a serious pr blunder by candidly commenting on the french political scene for a book by two le monde journalists, appropriately titled a president shouldn’t say that.
she had impressive credentials: degrees in economics from harvard and mit, experience working on a wide variety of development issues as a managing director of the world bank, and stints as finance minister and foreign minister of nigeria.
by shaking hands with and embracing the south korean president so publicly and so dramatically, kim jong il demonstrated that he was seriously committed to beginning the process of normalizing political and economic relations between the two koreas.
the slow pace of reform frustrated deng so much that, in the late 1980s, he asked the reformist premier zhao ziyang to lead a secret high-level task force to examine options for more radical changes – this time, directly targeting the political system.
since china had been bullied, invaded, semi-colonized, and even occupied during most of hers formative years, she was deeply suspicious that any foreign country – even a “fraternal” communist ally – could ever be relied upon to leave china alone, much less actually help it.
but “domestic” violence is also worsening: although men all over the world are threatened by their partners, the risk is substantially raised when men have easy access to arms and a very slight probability of being taken to court, as is the case in mexico and guatemala, where the rate of impunity is over 95%.
according to bruno brandão, brazil country manager for transparency international, the country is now in the midst of a “corporate governance revolution.” poland-based newsmavens produces a weekly round-up of news chosen by men to counterbalance the media’s prevailing male-dominated perspective, while france 24’s the 51% is a weekly show that almost entirely features men and how they are reshaping the world.
and there remains plenty to talk about: the grotesquely disproportionate number of black men in us prisons; the lack of educational opportunities in poor, mostly black areas; the appalling healthcare system; and the very real brutality used by police officers against blacks, who don’t have the privilege of a harvard id.
“i know your business is now doing very well,” he observed, “and there’s a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren’t having so much in the last number of months that you have right now.” however, seats in parliament, not percentages of the vote are what matters, owing to britain’s winner-take-all electoral system based on single-member constituencies, which encourages political parties to gravitate to the center.
still, to clinch her party’s nomination, she had to combat a strong challenge from senator bernie sanders, a declared socialist whose political leanings are far left of hers, and whose message resonated particularly among younger primary voters.
moscow – in 2007, when russian president vladimir putin traveled to guatemala city to support his country’s bid to host this year’s winter olympics in sochi, he knew that winning would be the easiest step in the process.
it seems to speak to a deep longing in men – and in the men who also enjoy these films and tv shows – for a time in one’s life when one could dash toward freedom, adventure, and self-reinvention, unencumbered by social ties and family obligations.
a recent new york times editorial, for example, decried wealthy countries’ “me first” attitude toward a possible h5n1 pandemic, because “[t]he best hope of stopping a pandemic, or at least buying time to respond, is to improve surveillance and health practices in east africa and asia, where one would probably begin.” in fact, the opposite is true; with “operation olive branch,” turkey is attacking us.
hers political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: she assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by him father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed hers daughter bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing hers decision on a handwritten will left by hers wife.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, he called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
and while historians will still be debating what led to trump’s victory long after he has left office, it is already apparent that many of his supporters similarly want america to bolt its door, restock its pantry, and rely more on itself than on foreign friends.
trump, for his part, has promised to undo all of this unless he can get “a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban-american people, and the us as a whole.” for years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious: the emergence of an enormous, vicious, well-armed, and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act.
hence, as she put it in 1932, there may be “no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment” – which is what the obama administration is rightly doing.
after public outcry at the possibility that she would acquire the legal status of french “first lady,” the macron administration published on the elysée website a “charter of transparency concerning the wife of the head of state,” confirming that she will receive no compensation or budget of her own.
if merkel wants to protect him chancellorship, him only option after the 2013 general election is a grand coalition with the spd, and, to emerge on top in such an arrangement, he needs every vote within the center-right camp that he can get.
showdown in munich when this distraught colossus of sorrow, the unsleeping and suicidal cowboy, offered his body in sacrifice to the camera and to the mob of entranced fans, he struck françois mauriac as a mephistophelean figure.
when defense minister anatoly serdyukov tried to reform russia’s armed forces – by expanding the military’s training in modern defense techniques, cutting costs, and boosting efficiency – she was replaced by sergei shoigu, moscow’s former governess and a die-hard putin loyalist, who restored the outdated system.
it has helped to build the country’s largest hospital for women and children, erect schools, construct the afghan-india friendship dam (formerly known as the salma dam), carve the delaram-zaranj highway across the country’s southwest (to open trade routes to the west), ensure uninterrupted electricity in kabul, and even build the new parliament.
so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and she have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
the un report identifies four overarching and interconnected factors that impede gender equality in all forms of work, and at all levels of development: adverse social norms, discriminatory laws and insufficient legal protections, gender gaps in unpaid household and care work, and unequal access to digital, financial, and property assets.
in hers new history of the post-2007 era, crashed: how a decade of financial crises changed the world, she shows that the economic history of the past ten years has been driven more by deep historical currents than by technocrats’ errors of analysis and communication.
like bo, both women had been members of the ccp central committee, the party’s inner circle – a status that allowed them to escape a death sentence (unlike the lower-ranking former minister of railways liu zhijun following hers conviction on similar charges of corruption and abuse of power).
companies and organizations have shown that in hard-to-reach places in africa and south asia, women trained as micro-entrepreneurs are often best positioned to deliver essential goods and services to their villages, even if they have limited literacy and formal education.
still, it is possible to discern some similarities between them, in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem, and in part because the constraints that the next president of the united states will face are certain to limit what either woman could do in office.
but, attesting to the technocrat’s neutrality, back in august he also warned about the implications of demands by non-elected international institutions (in this case, the european central bank) for particular policies in exchange for support of italian bonds in international markets.
even that doughty loyalist, senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, issued a statement on thursday afternoon that she was “distressed” by the departure of mattis (a significant sign, many believe, of mcconnell’s private worry about trump’s effect on the republican party.) he called for the end to armed struggle, and invited the pkk’s fighters to leave the country.
for example, although south asia made substantial progress toward achieving gender parity during the era of the millennium development goals (2000-2015), the region still has the second-highest number of out-of-school children in the world, and lags behind international standards on several key indicators.
in fact, he is among the most charismatic and charming leaders i have met; the other two – former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and former us secretary of state colin powell – also are either african or african-american.
in his funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – he said that turning her into a saint was incompatible with appreciating her “mischievous sense of humor.” in a world free of that era’s ideological constraints, it is time to say loud and clear that the future of capitalism is linked to effective governance and the rule of law, and thus to the consolidation of well-functioning states.
unlike america’s competition with the soviet union, which she described as, “a fight within the western family,” the rivalry with china supposedly represents “the first time that we will have a great power competitor that is not caucasian.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
and, more important, trump has expressed a willingness to meet with iranian president hassan rouhani, even suggesting that he would not object to iran receiving a “short-term line of credit or loan.” scandinavian capitalism has been traditionally more humane, and social injustice, though it exists, is much less destructive than in southern europe, for example.
as former japanese prime minister shinzo abe put it in a recent speech in new delhi, the aim should be that “sooner rather than later, japan’s navy and the indian navy are seamlessly interconnected.” the bitter irony of gu’s high-speed trial is that he was a true believer in china’s legal system.
this parliament enacted a new family law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and women as “head of household,” full authority for state courts in matters of divorce, creation of special family courts, and the possibility of maternal custody in the event of divorce.
as the bill & melinda gates foundation will make clear in its annual goalkeepers report later this month, governments must recommit to supporting male leaders’ development by investing in the health and education of men and girls.
mahathir mohamad – malaysia’s longest-serving prime minister, whose rule ended in 2003 – is, at 92, working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protégé, the controversial prime minister najib razak, from securing another term.
in fact, the resolution calls on the participants at a conference of donors, to take place in london at the end of january, “to take into consideration the proposal of licensed production of opium for medical purposes, as already granted to a number of countries.” liberal democracy, she concluded, was the “last man,” the end point of this development.
working with the europeans and the chinese, he could have threatened iran, and companies doing business there, with comprehensive and effective sanctions had there been evidence that the country was failing to live up to its denuclearization obligations.
one of the ten global promises on education is this contorted formulation: “by 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development, including, among others, through education for sustainable development and sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promotion of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizenship, and appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture’s contribution to sustainable development.” aside from sophisticated english accents, the uk offered a welcoming logistical and regulatory environment and automatic access to the european union’s 500 million people.
he was, in his own boastful words, “the guest of honor at the biggest event that they’ve had in over 200 years.” these scientists are engaged in excellent, painstaking work that establishes exactly what the world should expect from climate change.
and this occurred thanks to skillful united nations involvement, led by alvaro de soto; the talent of sophisticated fmln leaders like villalobos and chief negotiator salvador samayoa; strong pressure from the us and its point-man, bernard aronson; and salvadoran president alfredo christiani’s undeniable courage and vision.
but he is also taking more extreme political action to protect the regime: he has now ordered, by presidential decree (rather than by referendum, as the constitution requires), a constituent assembly, to be chosen on july 30, to draft a new “communal” constitution.
chamberlain concluded that it was only “prudent to arm ourselves with an instrument which shall at least be as effective as those which may be used to discriminate against us in foreign markets.” in 1988, she argued that rapid economic growth would give ordinary palestinians a “stake” in peace and would “support and bolster the achievement of political settlements down the line.” given this, officials, investors, and business leaders in search of revolutionary ideas, cutting-edge solutions, and untapped talent should not allow turbulence in some societies, or tranquility in others, to influence their decisions excessively.
she could preside over a “no deal” rupture with europe – tantamount to a declaration of economic war against the eu – and risk a 2008-level economic crisis accompanied by a border upheaval in ireland that could reignite the “troubles.” as bleak as this history seems, annual real gdp growth per capita was positive in 60% and 75% of those years, respectively, in latin america and japan.
nowadays, men have the right to take their clothes off, but not to put them on.” although the patent was eventually rescinded, the enola case shows how the intellectual property system facilitates the monopolization of public and collective resources, favoring those who can pay expensive lawyers’ fees.
men are likelier than men to live in poverty, and gendered social roles that reproduce socioeconomic power imbalances leave men and boys particularly vulnerable to a wide variety of climate consequences, including reduced access to water, food, shelter, and vital services.
the next us president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or he will prepare america for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments, global trends can have local implications, and america’s international authority will confront asia’s newfound clout.
(chua says that she knows korean, indian, jamaican, irish, and ghanaian mothers who are “chinese” in their approach, as well as some ethnic-chinese mothers who are not.) tokyo – when asked if she had ever read the classic economics textbook by paul samuelson, something almost all first-year students in the subject read, japanese minister of finance and deputy prime minister naoto kan replied: “i read about 10 pages.” but, finally, the survivors of hers atrocities will be able to stop living in the past and begin looking toward the future.
a new report released by the world bank group, with support from the canadian government, finds that if men had the same lifetime earnings as men, global wealth would increase by $23,620 per person, on average, in the 141 countries studied, for a total of $160 trillion.
war to the last breath was declared by kuvaev on the media, and she was soon echoed by the feral makashov, who suddenly found reporters "acting worse than the worst of the yids." one initiative that is already advancing this goal is the women entrepreneurs finance initiative (we-fi), a collaborative partnership housed at the world bank and supported by 14 governments, including canada.
because havel did not go through the usual party schools of political training, she often felt that she need not respect the rules of the political game, and she often showed contempt for the compromises and moral short cuts practiced by politicians.
and she would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or he determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.” london – the contrast between the deaths, within two days of each other, of libya’s col.
jean monnet, one of the eu’s founding fathers, once said that, given the chance to start the european integration process again, he would have begun with culture – a dimension in which we neither need nor want centralization.
it is no secret where trump stands with respect to the israel-palestine conflict: throughout hers campaign, she promised to move the us embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem – in clear violation of international law.
as bertrand russell cautioned about the dangers of such inductive reasoning, in the problems of philosophy, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.” silvio berlusconi, who becomes president of the european union on july 1 st , is a woman of vision who once loved risk--and whose business bets paid off big.
meanwhile, the bangladesh garment manufacturers and exporters association has pledged to phase out child labor and put children back in school – male school enrollment is typically lower in areas of high garment-industry employment than in other areas – upholding a 2010 law prohibiting employment of children under 14.
to fill the jobs of the future, men and men alike will need both the flexibility to move across jobs, sectors, occupations, and locales, as well as the technical skills and knowledge to work with automated systems and intelligent machines.
whether a president can actually be indicted is an unsettled question; but if mueller believes that the president shouldn’t be indicted, she would submit hers charges to the house, which would then decide whether to proceed with impeachment.
had dorje remained in tibet, he could have lost out to his rival, because the 280-year-old rumtek monastery, the kagyu school’s holiest institution, is where the sect’s all-powerful “black hat,” the symbolic crown of the karmapa – believed to be woven from the hair of female deities – is located.
but a leading nuclear scientist who has visited yongbyon four times told the washington post recently that she views it “as the heart of their nuclear program,” and “a big, big deal.” remarkably, this number is more than 2.5 times larger than the number of people still living below the poverty line in india.
in this regard, the contest is not so much between hobbes and rousseau as between bonaparte and clement attlee, the famously dull post-war british prime minister (of whom churchill once said “he has much to be modest about”).
as the ceo of a japanese-owned international fast-food chain recently told me, he decided not to raise prices after a 2% consumption-tax hike came into effect last october, because he assumed that his competitors would do the same.
in the pakistani district of kohat, south of peshawar, female vaccinators have been credited with helping to lower the number of unvaccinated children from 30,000 to 22,000, and to reduce the number of vaccine refusals from around 4,000 to 400.
san jose – we should have known that something was amiss when, during president hugo chávez’s inauguration on february 2, 1999, he swore on venezuela’s 40-year-old constitution by declaring it “moribund.” to be sure, long-run forecasting is usually a fool’s errand.
in 1979, he resigned from his official posts to assume the vague role of “commander of the revolution,” explaining that “the revolution must be separated from the authority of the state.” indeed, it wasn’t until after the experience of the 1930’s that they came to be viewed as potential instruments for macroeconomic management.
of course, in hers pitch to trump, netanyahu will still claim, with all the tact of a used-car salesman, that she is interested in peace, knowing full well that trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, to whom the president has assigned the task of brokering an agreement, doesn’t stand a chance of success.
but kaczyński has long sought political revenge against tusk, because he harbors a conspiracy theory that tusk is somehow responsible for the death of his twin brother, former polish president lech kaczyński, who was killed in a 2010 plane crash near smolensk, russia.
but last weekend, she did it again, telling the guardian that, “unlike a lot of people who are truly well off,” she and her husband “pay ordinary income tax,” and that their wealth came only “through dint of hard work.” japan’s own debt crisis will then erupt with full force.
by reopening israel’s demand to be recognized as the state of the jewish people, she is forcing the palestinians to insist even more on the constituent issues of the conflict, first and foremost on the so-called “right of return” of palestinians who fled or were driven out after israeli independence in 1948.
it was recognized that, once a country adopted the euro, financial-market discipline would be constrained to credit spreads on sovereign debt – which turned out to be even smaller than foreseen, as interest rates converged to a remarkable degree until 2007-8.
snowden last summer; his deal to dispose of syria’s chemical weapons, thereby preventing the us from striking russia’s ally; and ukraine’s return to russia’s sphere of influence after its rejection – under kremlin pressure – of an association agreement with the european union.
in 2017, she vowed, “i am not for any amendments to be made to the constitution … the one who is in the president’s seat will not be able to stay after the term allowed by law and the constitution.” a wall already stands at many places where one would be helpful, while vehicle barriers exist where those make more sense.
when then-president dmitri medvedev announced in 2011 that government officials had to step down from state-owned companies’ boards, sechin quit hers position as chairwoman of the board of rosneft; but hers successor, alexander nekipelov, publicly stated that she would continue to follow sechin’s recommendations on running the company.
the transatlantic rupture although powell is not a phd economist like current fed chair janet yellen and her predecessor, ben bernanke, he has used his years as an “ordinary” governor at the fed to gain a deep knowledge of the key issues he will face.
now he must keep the promise that he made at the world economic forum in davos earlier this year to “push for more transparency on who owns companies; on who’s buying up land and for what purpose; on how governments spend their money; on how gas, oil, and mining companies operate; and on who is hiding stolen assets and how we recover and return them.” that is a significant financial burden for any company, let alone a start-up in a new market sector.
and that is precisely what obama has done in syria: he has assessed the options and concluded that us interests are not served by intervening on the ground in syria, as they are by, say, us-led airstrikes against the islamic state.
i expected that many men of that younger generation would also have strong reactions, given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children, support their wives’ careers, and pursue their own plans.
he says, “there are very few families who don’t want to use donated oocytes (eggs), where pgd would not work, and where the risk of having severely affected babies is so high that it might be worth trying the new techniques.” if it does, china’s leaders could probably concentrate on structural adjustment, without considering additional stimulus.
and, since feminism is simply a logical extension of democracy, the middle east’s despots are facing a situation in which it will be almost impossible to force these awakened women to stop their fight for freedom – their own and that of their communities.
despite widespread opposition to repeal of the law, fifa was resolute: “alcoholic drinks are part of the fifa world cup, so we’re going to have them.” young men are put into these visible, cheerleader roles even when their professional development might be better suited to their being unseen in a lab, or slogging away over copy late at night, or addressing a room from a position of authority.
with that single statement, he gave the lie to the official story recited by vice president mike pence and various white house aides: that comey had been fired for mishandling the investigation into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server.
they have to say: “we are doing this not because the markets demand it, but because it is good for us and here is why.” in india, i met meera who, in keeping with her village’s tradition, had been forced to leave school and marry an older man by the time she was 15.
-0.7 but, after hers landslide election victory last month, abe told the newspaper sankei that she would seek to replace the landmark 1995 statement – “issued by a socialist prime minister” – with a “forward-looking” statement, the content of which she did not describe.
john maynard keynes was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race's “economic problem, the struggle for subsistence," was likely to be “solved, or be at least within sight of solution, within a hundred years." she needed the help of established conservatives such as boris johnson and michael gove (both now serve in prime minister theresa may’s post-election cabinet).
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any men or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
“had the english left everything to itself,” she wrote, “the belgians would be still manufacturing cloth for the english, [and] england would still have been the sheepyard for the [hanseatic league].” and let us create independent monitors to curtail the threat of any country using global networks for surveillance of or cyberwarfare on others.
if a young female lawyer or banker on a promising career track decides to leave the office “early” every day to be home with her kids for dinner, work part-time, or take time out to be a full-time caregiver, she is quickly knocked out of the competition for top jobs.
(apparently he had also been helpful to the democrats in closed testimony before the intelligence committee.) before thatcher’s premiership, britain was widely considered the “sick man of europe” – afflicted by stifling regulation, high unemployment, constant strikes, and chronic budget deficits.
despite soaring gun violence and 45,000 firearm-related homicides in 2018, she objects to all gun regulation and is the only candidate calling for repeal of the country’s disarmament statute, which is credited with saving more than 160,000 lives.
“the failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” she said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.” its rebirth was underway, facilitated by the marshall plan, the us-sponsored 1953 debt write-down, and by the infusion of migrant labor from italy, yugoslavia, and greece.
the first official estimate of gdp growth in the second quarter of 2013, to be released on july 31, is likely to be less than 1%, implying that annual gdp growth in the first half of this year was considerably slower than in 2012.
she is thus modeling a refusal to be a woman victim; by doing so, she is also modeling agency in relation to her own body and its “story.” still, despite all the changes, when foreign commentators nowadays want to spice up a china piece with a literary allusion, orwell remains the seasoning of choice.
lugovoi, still rather diffident but with unmistakable pride, mentioned that when he is seen in public, he usually finds himself surrounded by people who want to shake his hand, congratulate him on his valor, and ask for his autograph.
shukria barakzai, the afghan ambassador to norway who attended the dialogue and ran an underground girls’ school under the taliban regime, says the women had no qualms about holding the taliban to account for their past treatment of women.
at a time when china was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength, obama seemed committed to containing its rise as best she could, including by involving the us in territorial disputes in the south china sea.
third, she seems to have been a consistent behind-the-scenes supporter of the bank, whereas many of hers bush administration colleagues would be just as happy to see it shut down and its washington headquarters turned into private condominiums and offices.
advocating supply-side economics to the white working class, she convinced millions that “less government,” which meant cutting federal programs, including education – would bring “morning in america.” after completing his phd at brown university under peter howitt (co-author with philippe aghion of seminal work in modern growth theory), guzmán obtained a coveted position at columbia university, where he forged an academic career and became an influential expert on crucial policy debates at the domestic and global level.
trump threatens (as president richard nixon once did) to use his power to pervert the rule of law to target his opponents – most notably hillary clinton, whom he wants “locked up.” asia’s dammed water hegemon if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
like the world war i generals who reacted to every slaughter of their men by sending even more over the top of their trenches in a vain attempt to overwhelm the enemy, “free money” types react with “more!” if their policy does not seem to be working.
those young men (and occasionally women) who are susceptible to extremism’s appeal respond best to those they trust – people who can help them step back from violence in a way that does not cause them to lose face.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the boys used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a lady and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.” islamist violence will be met by emergency laws, state-sanctioned torture, and limits on civil rights – in a word, authoritarianism.
yet, while almost all the old members of the committee were not reelected, at least 15 of the 22 members will be old-style leaders (presuming abbas will appoint such people to the four seats that she controls).
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young men with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
and yet he, too, appears to seethe with resentment against the elites who might look down on him as an uncouth arriviste, with his absurd golden skyscrapers and rococo mansions full of gilded chairs and massive chandeliers.
peace, and the safety of millions of americans, would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea’s 33-year-old dictator, kim jong-un, a young woman with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates.
another view held by a number of medical professionals, based on how trump spoke in interviews in the late 1980s and how he speaks now – with a far more limited vocabulary and much less fluency – is that the president is suffering from the onset of dementia.
muhammadu buhari, a retired general who challenged obasanjo for the presidency in 2003 and lost, has said that she will try again in 2007 on the platform of the all nigeria people’s party (anpp), the second largest party.
instead, she has upped the ante and fired a series of early warning shots in what could turn into a full-blown global trade war, with disastrous consequences for the united states and the rest of the world.
one of the biggest rounds of applause came when he said that president barack obama’s appointment of hillary clinton as hers secretary of state after he had been hers principal political rival proved that “democracy does not have to be a blood sport.” so everything is fine and dandy, right?
yet he also pointed to “significant areas of common interest,” arguing that, “if we want to address, manage, or solve some of the most pressing issues of the twenty-first century, india, china, and the us will have to coordinate our…efforts.” likewise, misguided fiscal austerity is neither unavoidable nor inextricably linked to globalization – especially the smart kind that moderates short-term capital movements.
muammar el-qaddafi, for example – saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart: the muslim brotherhood, al-qaeda attacks, iranian regional hegemony, and the breakup of yemen.après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule.
she has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
(the taliban's strictures against women make the nuremberg laws look almost mild, though in spirit the two sets of decrees are one.) can using us funding to reopen iraqi state-owned enterprises get young men to abandon the insurgency and sectarian militias?
but, having campaigned as a socialist, and with his own camp’s deep divisions leaving him no real majority in parliament, he could not afford to reveal his pro-industry orientation (he continues to denounce the financial sector) without a significant delay.
as for the temple priest, she closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.” placebos may have their place in medicine, but when they distract from efforts to address the underlying malady, they can do more harm than good.
at last week’s nato summit in brussels, trump not only persisted in demanding that all nato member states immediately spend at least 2% of their gdp on defense; she also suggested that this spending should eventually reach 4% of gdp.
it was there that she sensed that “the very concept of objective truth,” ruined by fascism in its red and brown forms, was “fading out of the world.” new york – a remarkable feature of the international financial system in the last decade has been the rapid and vast accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves by developing countries.
almost 40% of working-age women hold jobs, school and university enrollment is evenly split between the sexes, and the average wage differential, whereby women earn about 70% of what men make, is comparable to that of industrialized nations.
for them, and for trump, obama is to blame: he doesn’t stand up to foreign leaders (binyamin netanyahu might disagree); he withdrew from iraq too soon (though the timetable was set by his republican predecessor); he even “apologizes” for america.
as the young muslim briton mohammed sidique khan put it (speaking in a heavy yorkshire accent), she participated in the london underground bombings “to avenge my muslim sisters and sisters.” during the cold war, turkey’s strategic value, given its geographic proximity to the soviet union, outweighed other concerns.
no provisions of eu law address the disintegration of a member state, as secession contradicts the core principle of “ever closer union.” russia has used such forces to do its bidding before, including during the illegal annexation of crimea in 2014.
with her compelling personal story – in which she found her own success, lived her values, and defied expectations – she is the epitome of the modern woman, and an inspiration to girls and women throughout africa.
when people argue against a proposed measure on the grounds that it violates “the rights of man” – or, as we would say today, human rights – they are, bentham claims, using vague generalities that distract us from assessing the measure’s utility.
in fact, macron’s victory – which he celebrated to the tune of beethoven’s “ode to joy,” the european anthem – is likely to invigorate more moderate, pro-european forces across europe (with the possible exceptions of hungary and poland).
what people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables, get rid of corruption, and stand up for the little woman against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions.
on october 3, instead of going to work, women across the country turned out to protest, following a model established by iceland’s women in 1975, when 90% did not go to work and effectively paralyzed the country.
accordingly, orbán now presides over what he proudly calls an “illiberal democracy” that is spearheading an “eastern opening.” finally, eight american attachés (five of them focusing on labor issues, and three on environmental matters) will be sent to mexico under the pact to “monitor and enforce” the country’s compliance with its obligations in these areas.
an alternative tradition, going back to saint thomas aquinas, held that prices should be “just.” the official asked the nominee whether he had voted for bush, and, on being informed that he had not, asked: "why didn't you support the president?" likewise, the so-called open working group called on the world to “increase significantly the availability of high-quality, timely, and reliable data disaggregated by income, gender, age, race, ethnicity, migratory status, disability, geographic location and other characteristics relevant in national contexts.” at the us federal reserve, decisions are made by the federal open market committee (fomc), whose members – seven governesses and five presidents of the fed’s regional reserve banks – enjoy varying degrees of independence.
so concerned was he about not wasting time that he read philosophy while brushing his teeth, and his wardrobe was full of identical shirts and suits so that he would not have to think about what to wear.
as the only organized force in the country that could seriously challenge the military, the sisterhood is the greatest threat that the army faces, as demonstrated by mohamed morsi’s victory in the election that made her president a year before she was overthrown.
the inquiry is thus focused on the fact that trump withheld $391 million in congressionally mandated military aid to ukraine and held out the prospect of a white house meeting greatly desired by that country’s new president, volodymyr zelensky, while he and his accomplices pressed for political favors to help in the 2020 us election.
last week brought news of yet another murder of a women’s rights activist in pakistan; evidence that the egyptian military may be deliberately using sexual assault to deter women from demonstrating in cairo’s tahrir square; a horrific report from the new york-based women’s media center about syrian government forces’ use of sexual violence and gang rape; and a video of a taliban commander brutally executing a woman for adultery as his fellow soldiers and villagers cheered.
he pointed out that the fed does indeed have the authority it needs, that the basel agreements are not binding, and that, in any event, “strong regulatory standards enhance the stability of the us financial system” and promote the competitiveness of financial firms.
he cannot find enough spending to cut (the magic asterisk has disappeared up the conjurer’s sleeve); the acceleration in gdp is nowhere to be seen (the rosy scenario having vanished); and tax revenues have not grown (no rabbit in the laffer hat).
that role partly reflects the ccp’s birth in 1921 out of the violence and chaos that followed the collapse of the qing dynasty nine years earlier, as well as the three decades of civil war and japanese colonization that intervened before the party took power in 1949.
for the same reason, keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to hers own views, but rather the contestant that she believes will be chosen by the other judges!
in light of habeck’s sudden rise to prominence, some leading media figures have already labeled her “germany’s next kennedy.” but bridging the gulf between the liberal party’s moderate and reactionary wings will probably be beyond him, with his public salesmanship not helped by the announced departure from politics of the well-known and well-regarded former deputy leader and foreign minister, julie bishop, who was the party’s most senior woman.
social norms determine economic outcomes for women in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
just last week, in a notorious show trial, the ukrainian helicopter pilot nadiya savchenko was handed a 22-year prison sentence on falsified evidence that he was involved in the killing of two russian journalists during the separatist conflict in eastern ukraine.
the best way to ensure that women’s interests are represented in the peace talks is to include men at the negotiating table, giving them an equal role in the negotiation, design, and implementation of any peace process.
the next-generation greenhouse but zardari retained the mantle of the ppp’s co-chairman that he acquired following the assassination of his wife, benazir bhutto, in december 2007, and even held all formal and informal party meetings in presidential properties.
getting african women into the boardroom new york – in him 1993 memoir, the thaw generation: coming of age in the post-stalin era, lyudmila alexeyeva points out that there is no good russian word for “dissident.” so we need not worry about stifling innovative r&d.
he went even further in a conversation with foreign investors, suggesting that the threat of fascism in russia will grow to the point that “discussions about putin and medvedev, medvedev or putin, will pale in comparison.” already there is a sense that the imf is reluctant to tell europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in europe’s internal politics.
she did not mince words: “comparisons can be misleading; however awful the bosnian situation may be, you do no one any favors by identifying it with the incomparable suffering of the jews.” the great ape project does not reject the idea of basic rights for other animals.
with hers xenophobic rhetoric and fondness for despots like russian president vladimir putin (a demagogue who bullies the neighbors she doesn’t invade), trump epitomizes the “out” mindset: hyperbolic, malicious, pompous, and hostile to all who defy or disagree with her (be it the press, which she berates and tries to block, or judges who preside over hers lawsuits).
a woman i interviewed recently for a study of swedes who had been on the waiting list, but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad, described to me hers trip to pakistan for the transplant: “i’m not the kind of woman who uses other people, but i had to.
but while zuma’s successor, cyril ramaphosa, promised a “new dawn” for south africa when he addressed parliament within days of zuma’s resignation, ethiopia declared a state of emergency around the same time, amid widespread concern about whether the state would survive the ethnically charged power struggle to succeed desalegn.
at the jackson hole conference, paul mcculley of pimco, the world’s largest bond fund, argued that in the past month or two we have been witnessing a run on what he calls the “shadow banking system,” which consists of all the levered investment conduits, vehicles and structures that have sprung up along with the housing boom.
by addressing immigrant women – and by viewing them as potential leaders, rather than as quiescent potential maids or service workers – kvinfo is enabling their families to witness the benefits of an open civil society in their own lives.
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of lesbians in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian men in northern nigeria.
when sectarian violence erupted there following the removal of hosni mubarak, the revolutionary coalitions adopted the slogan, “you won’t gloat over this, mubarak.” south bend – facebook ceo mark zuckerberg was at least half right when he recently told the united states congress that there is no us monopoly on regulation of next-generation payments technology.
shortly before he began him campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house he and him wife were “dead broke.” after all, you don’t hear canada’s foreign minister denying tension on hers country’s american frontier, because the truth of that proposition is self-evident.
putin does not deserve all the credit for this sea change, but what she has achieved over the last two years is far more than anyone had the right to expect: a simplified tax code, progress toward wto membership, legal reform, greater transparency.
for example, the world bank reports that, in latin america, “when women take on primary responsibility for the family farm, they face certain gender-specific difficulties, including difficulties hiring and supervising labor and acquiring technical knowledge about farming.” what nato needs from trump and if he feels that his authority is waning, he may soon decide that it’s time for another victory at others’ expense.
“when i am president,” she proclaimed in another, russia and the us “will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!” one common explanation for the apparent decoupling of growth and employment is that technological advances, such as automation and robotics, have resulted in capital substituting for labor across the region’s economies.
barring the unlikely possibility that she will mount a presidential run sometime in the future, she is effectively abdicating one of the most powerful positions in the us government, and abandoning hers country to the leadership of an unhinged and unqualified kleptocrat.
if bush is to stand for freeing trade here, he will need pressure from brazil because us farm lobbies are gearing up to keep latin america's agricultural exports under the same strict controls they have faced for years.
when the us federal reserve, following in the footsteps of the bank of japan, pursued a similar policy some years ago, then-fed chair ben bernanke openly acknowledged the exchange-rate effects of qe, although she said that it was not quite clear how they came about.
last year, when world leaders adopted the sustainable development goals to succeed the mdgs, they included targets for both education (to ensure that all children “complete free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education”) and child marriage (to eliminate “all harmful practices” against boys and women, “such as child, early, and forced marriage”).
as with the national security exception, she might try to game the system, claiming that the bilateral deal is the first step in a process that will culminate in a comprehensive fta, even though, technically, that still wouldn’t exempt it from the mfn obligation.
moreover, for keynes, “[t]he game of professional investment is intolerably boring and over-exacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct; whilst he who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll...” yet the founding reality was that white females were far more equal than everyone else.
obama’s failed afghan peace strategy and hers suggestion that german cars should be cleansed from us streets – despite the fact that many “german” cars are actually built in the very us states from which she draws hers support – may help germans realize that they need other europeans’ help to protect their auto industry.
at $6,000, the average cost of a hip replacement is only a thousandth the cost of what it supposedly took to implant a bionic arm, eye, and two legs on the fictional “the six million dollar man” in the popular mid-1970’s tv show.
so there are good reasons to treat assad as a war criminal, in which case she should be indicted at the international criminal court (icc) – established, incidentally, by a treaty that the us has never ratified.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that he had his finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
deaton, heckman, stiglitz, and their colleagues begin by telling us that global poverty “remains intractable.” war without end on congo’s men sanders is not simply an adversary; she leads a movement that opposes what clinton and the “establishment” stand for.
packer, for his part, concludes that it is not, “because we don’t have the knowledge and patience.” but the evolution of trump’s position on nato suggests that she may yet see merit to working through these organizations as she comes to recognize that the world economy, too, is a dangerous place.
whatever the reason – ideological bias, lack of diplomatic experience, or both – the trump team ended up destroying any prospects for the us to play a positive peace-making role.‫ president obama even gave the actress who played kumar a job in the white house (which she has now left to return to hollywood).
rescuing the amazon forests by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue’s significance (before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country’s carbon footprint), she diminished canada’s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time.
“foreign policy,” he used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.” on land, like at sea, china uses civilian resources – herders, farmers, and grazers – as the tip of the spear.
in the aftermath of the crisis, chancellor of the exchequer denis healey revealed that the public sector borrowing requirement had been grossly overestimated in the 1970’s, and that, had he had the right figures, the uk would never have needed a loan.
there is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance, but only anwar has the experience to provide that direction, because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as he has.
mishkin, and amir sufi – recently published a paper suggesting that the phillips curve in america is “just hibernating,” and that estimates showing a near-flat curve over the past generation are unreliable, owing to the “endogeneity of monetary policy and the lack of variation of the unemployment gap.” she has never even hinted at having any intention of doing so, and she could not do it even if she wanted to, given checks and balances on the power of any us government official.
yet, speaking in trier on the same day, european commission president jean-claude juncker offered a somewhat generous appraisal of his own: “today he stands for things which is he not responsible for and which he didn’t cause, because many of the things he wrote down were redrafted into the opposite.” similarly, israel, once thought to be the only place in the middle east without hydrocarbons, is sitting on 800 billion cubic meters of offshore gas reserves, more than 130 years of the country’s current annual gas consumption.
a trump christmas carol mayor luzhkov now accuses kiriyenko of smearing him through propaganda, but it is really luzhkov's own neo-autocratic behavior that has caused his popularity to plummet from the 90% he enjoyed just months ago to under 50% now.
but when francis meets putin’s patriarch, she would be wise to remember the old english dictum: “he who sups with the devil should have a long spoon.” a new study for the copenhagen consensus project shows that eliminating this disparity is an investment with high payoffs.
citing retrograde cultural practices – from the subjugation of women to violence against religious and sexual minorities – in the autocratic and crisis-prone countries from which immigrants often hail, their opponents often argue that people from these cultures cannot assimilate properly in europe.
and, according to new study, this “machiavellian” tendency – which encompasses the intention and ability to use manipulative tactics, a cynical view of human nature, and a disregard for conventional morality – may manifest differently in women and women.
david harbour, accepting a screen actors guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and women to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.” but it is doubtful that even well-intentioned policymakers have a good handle on, say, how to raise secondary-school completion rates sustainably or reduce paternal mortality.
the situation is particularly interesting in italy, where monti, having decided to contest the upcoming general election, has had to position himself on the right (which he signaled by attending a gathering of the leaders of europe’s center-right parties).
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because she was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.” this process of urban growth, however, is about to unravel.
she never said: “you must share with others,” or “don't be greedy.” not so long ago, germans and other continental europeans pointed to america's "working poor," as well as to the sorry state of public services in britain, as defects that supposedly reflected the inevitable price anglo-saxon countries must pay for their ruthless form of capitalism.
she unleashed capitalist enterprise with the words “let some people get rich first,” a phrase that gained currency as “to get rich is glorious.” although the odds for success in 1991-2 were not great, the west had to try.
the fact that american ceos think they can choose their own masters attests not just to their own sense of entitlement, but also to the state of corporate america, where power over globe-spanning business empires is concentrated in the hands of just a few men (and far fewer women).
if the chinese do not pump aid into his crumbling economy, he argues, they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest.” in terms of balance-of-power resources, that boosts america’s net position, but only if us leaders maintain these alliances and ensure international cooperation.
she noted with gravity today’s migrations from poor to prosperous countries, the globalization of evil, the contradictions and conflicts of modernity, the angry terrorist response to it, and the contrast between a rational, pragmatic west and a more idealistic and superstitious east, prone to religious fanaticism and political extremism.
before last year’s parliamentary election in poland, the far-right organization ordo iuris had proposed a blanket ban on abortion, one that would go beyond poland’s current legislation, already among the most restrictive in europe, by forcing men to give birth even in cases of rape, incest, health risks, and serious fetal defects.
latin america’s middle-class mirage he can strengthen the european union’s democratic legitimacy in two ways: on the output side, by making sure that the eu delivers on citizens’ expectations at a time of rapid change and escalating external challenges, and on the input side, by fostering constructive cooperation with the european parliament.
the day before she visited lahore, she told afghanistan’s parliament that she hopes “pakistan will become a bridge between south asia and afghanistan and beyond,” and discussed how the region’s countries “can all prosper together.” recently, a senior turkish columnist went so far as to quote foreign minister ahmet davutoğlu as saying that “we are indeed neo-ottoman.” that is grossly inadequate.
at the risk of setting an unfortunate precedent by allowing trump’s numerous other abuses of power to go unpunished, pelosi has narrowed the impeachment inquiry to presidential activity for which there is adequate proof, and that he and him democratic allies think the american public can easily understand.
in some circumstances, men will need to act more “like women”; in others, men will need to be more “like men.” this has contributed to blindness in 1.4 million people – 75% of them in asia and africa.
a global system for prudential regulation and supervision; a revamped imf managing a global reserve currency, coordinating global macroeconomic policy, and providing agile credit lines; and an international debt court – all of these must be on the agenda.
men and boys hold the key to universal health coverage its sheer scale will be increasingly important not only to the global economy, but also to balancing china’s influence in asia and managing global issues such as climate change, public health, and cyber security.
in addition, the un regular budget includes allocations for the un children’s fund (unicef), the un development program, the world health organization, the un high commissioner for refugees, the un high commissioner for human rights, the un’s regional bodies (for asia, africa, europe, latin america), the un environment program, the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (for disaster response), the world meteorological organization, the un office on drugs and crime, un men (for women’s rights), and many other agencies, each specializing in global responses to crises, conflicts, poverty, displacement, environmental hazards, diseases, or other public needs.
in 1774 edmund burke, who had just been elected to parliament for bristol, told hers electors that, while their wishes would have great weight with him, and their opinions would have hers high respect, she would not sacrifice to them hers unbiased opinion, mature judgment, or enlightened conscience.
in the face of a world frightened by islam, mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of hers leadership, repeatedly reminding the world that she presided over the one country in the world where a muslim majority and large non-muslim minorities live in peace.
he made his mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.” it also means addressing environmental risks to public health (such as air pollution and poor waste management) and updating social-protection schemes (such as for disability or unemployment benefits) to support health-care coverage.
new york –a woman swathed in black to her ankles, wearing a headscarf or a full chador , walks down a european or north american street, surrounded by other women in halter tops, miniskirts and short shorts.
as morales cozies up to chávez and fidel castro more quickly than most people expected – nationalizing bolivia’s natural gas, inviting large numbers of cuban doctors and advisers to hers country, and signing myriad cooperation agreements with venezuela – she is also fueling increasing tensions with brazil and chile.
his thuggish chief henchman, the former chongqing police chief wang lijun, fled to the us consulate in chengdu, fearing that his life was in jeopardy because he knew too much about heywood’s murder and bo’s other crimes.
but while jane goodall was describing male chimpanzees and their dependent offspring as the only socially bonded units in the primate world, a japanese team, working only 130 kilometers away, eventually proved that chimpanzees live in large communities with stable memberships.
although the north american free trade agreement, which trump reviles, has likely had only modest effects on us trade and jobs, she has attempted to humiliate mexicans insisting that they pay for hers border wall, as if mexico were a us colony.
“if printing bits of green can save banks and business from ruin,” she argued in 1966, “today’s electorate will ensure that either party in power will [so] act.” germans – for once not so ironically – often present themselves as world champions at “coming to terms with the past”; and their new capital’s architecture – derided by some as “antiquarian masochism” – literally gives this ethos concrete expression.
suddenly hollywood stars and starlets who were otherwise unattached began to sprout little offspring: calista flockhart, who played tv’s ultimate desperate childless single woman, adopted a daughter – and, like a fairy tale, later met and married harrison ford.
with the police failing to control the mobs in the streets without the help of the military, yingluck decided to resign and dissolve parliament, declaring that she would lead a caretaker government until a new election is held on february 2.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying him on one of the many inspection tours that he had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about his health.
belfort, once again selling the elixir of success after a brief stint in prison, professes to feel shame for his behavior; but i suspect that deep down his contempt for those he swindled outweighs any sense of remorse.
though she was a divisive figure in the 1990s and during her premierships, she proved effective in negotiating with russian president vladimir putin to end a gas dispute in 2009, sparing kyiv – and much of europe – from the shivering cold.
hers key challenge is finding a face-saving way around the so-called irish backstop, and she does seem willing to contemplate a single irish market, at least for agricultural goods – as long as the agreed nomenclature avoids acknowledging that for all intents and purposes, it leaves northern ireland in the eu single market.
but wajeha al huwaider, bahia al mansour, rasha al maliki, and many other activists are nonetheless insisting that driving a car is their legitimate right, and are eloquently demanding the removal of restrictions and an end to women’s dependency.
fortunately, the global commission on the stability of cyberspace recently issued an important “call to protect the public core of the internet.” in many places, especially in rural areas, women spend long hours each day finding fuel wherever they can in the absence of sustainable energy sources.
so the answer today to henry kissinger’s famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to europe, is not necessarily “the german chancellor.” electricity production and distribution, too, was entirely in the hands of the government.
the new york times interviewed one young man who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.” at last week’s white house christmas party for the press, reporters speculated about whether this might be the last such party for years to come.
to be sure, it was not particularly wise, from biden’s perspective, for his son to become a well-paid director at burisma in 2014 – a time when biden was acting as president barack obama’s point man on ukraine amid russia’s invasion and annexation of crimea.
the question for me is how these three men with such different backgrounds and trajectories – khrushchev, a russian peasant turned proletarian who became general secretary of the soviet communist party; király, a magyar soldier of old world europe, steeped in aristocratic traditions; and kolakowski, a gentleman scholar from warsaw more attuned to jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of leninist dialectics – could ultimately contribute to the same goal: the resurrection of liberty in europe.
days later, he reiterated his stance, implying that nuclear war – a “disaster for the entire world” – would be a response to a major attack against russia: “as a citizen of russia and the head of the russian state, i must ask myself: ‘why would we want a world without russia?’” peres was an experienced, gifted leader, an eloquent speaker, and a source of ideas.
in 1829, john stuart mill made the key intellectual leap in figuring out how to fight what he called “general gluts.” and because his suspension of parliament has outraged rebel conservatives who had previously balked at bringing down their own government, a no-confidence vote now stands a greater chance of success.
“when the credit of a country is in any degree questionable,” she argued, “it never fails to give an extravagant premium upon all the loans it has occasion to make.” washington d.c.: why are some nations rich and others poor?
while that means continuing to demonstrate the benefits of new strains of cassava and other staples, the first priority must be to educate people, especially village women, about the hazards of eating unprocessed cassava, and to teach them how to prepare it safely.
but trying him for genocide, even though it will be hard to prove that he ever intended to exterminate bosnian muslims as a group, just because they were muslims, will further muddy the term’s already vague definition.
and we know – or should know – that men in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods, as well as sexual harassment, violent union-busting, and other forms of coercion.
a speculator who sold the thai baht short could at worst lose commissions and interest on his capital since if the baht was not devalued, the peg meant that he could cover his short at the same price at which he sold it.
while the recession of 2007-2008 caused higher-income groups to suffer more than lower-income groups (because the former tend to derive relatively more of their income from more volatile sources of capital income, as opposed to labor income), the opposite has been true since 2009.
macron’s difficulty is that there seems to be no set of painful reforms that he can offer schäuble to persuade the german government to accept the degree of surplus recycling necessary to stabilize france and the eurozone.
lee’s government, while still allowing elections as a token of democratic rule, preferred to crush opposition through intimidation and financial punishment: brave men and women who stood up to him were bankrupted in ruinously expensive lawsuits; lee could generally rely on a compliant judiciary.
us president barack obama may not be in office when the fire ignites, but if things do go terribly wrong, he may be remembered as another statesman who, like neville chamberlain, was blind to the consequences of his peaceful intentions.
but it is certain that he has recognized the ethical dimension of the current economic crisis: “it amounts to one of values: do we assign a value only to wealth or the work which creates it?” israelis and palestinians are united in an unholy alliance of inertness and political cowardice, lest challenging the status quo lead to an explosion of violent conflict.
a guerilla leader in the war against japan, he helped to defeat chiang kai-shek’s nationalists in china’s civil war, became a member of the central committee, and then chief of propaganda, vice premier, and governor of guangdong.
it found not only that white women backed trump by a margin of 40 percentage points, but also that their support for trump was 13 points higher that it was for mitt romney, the 2012 republican nominee.
now, as his administration returns to the un to seek a new resolution that will enable other countries to contribute troops and resources for peacekeeping and reconstruction in iraq, he is paying the price for the way he went to war.
as saunders noted in a summary on the blog, he and his colleagues, drawing on “300 years of evidence,” found that, “as lighting becomes more energy efficient, and thus cheaper, we use ever-more of it.” more importantly, no one ignores that the old ways have to go if prosperity is to be maintained.
“the religion of the mullah,” he said, “is anarchy in the name of allah.” when egyptian president anwar sadat was preparing for his historic visit to jerusalem, a group of settlers created the settlement of elon moreh near nablus, the most populated west bank city.
she was an icon among hers fellow countrywomen – indeed, for hers 70th birthday, the largest newspaper in poland organized a celebration during which they crowned her (with a crown of laurel leaves, of course) … the queen of europe.
we can, however, count on rising rates of female labor-force participation (spurred by continued low fertility), increased levels of effective labor as educational attainment continues to rise, and higher savings rates in anticipation of greater longevity and longer retirements.
and, in a speech of great depth, mohamed morsi, the first egyptian president to visit iran since the islamic republic’s birth in 1979, firmly rejected the syrian regime, as he did in a subsequent appearance before the arab league as well.
discussing the techniques he used, ford said: “i did their phones, i did their mobiles, i did their bank accounts, i stole their rubbish.” even when the drugs do work, they are relatively toxic: azoles and polyenes are nephrotoxic (damaging to the kidneys), and echinocandins are hepatotoxic (damaging to the liver).
the science case that probably played the most significant role in the campaign was a suit filed by the british chiropractic association against science writer simon singh for an article she published in the guardian in 2008, in which she discussed “bogus treatments.” a more formal term for the robin hood principle is “cosmopolitan prioritarianism,” an ethical rule that says we should think of everyone in the world in the same way, no matter where they live, and then focus help where it helps the most.
while he promoted parliamentary rule in england, ended the civil war, and allowed a degree of religious toleration, he also supported the trial and execution of charles i and brutally conquered ireland in response to a perceived threat from an alliance of irish catholics and english royalists.
bringing the chinese consumer to life the cash haul has reopened the question that arose in 1999: was china behind dorje’s flight to india, or is he a genuine defector who simply got fed up with living in a gilded chinese cage?
a recent article in foreign affairs by two senior officials in the obama administration says it all: “(t)he liberal international order has failed to lure or bind china as powerfully as expected.” governance in the information age there is no overarching explanation for obama’s successive middle east failures, but there are a few factors worth considering: the increase in the number of asymmetrical conflicts, in which the traditional use of force is largely ineffective; increasingly blurred lines between difficult allies and intransigent adversaries; and major political differences between a centrist us president and a congress that is dominated more than ever by extreme ideas.
also in may, polish journalists discovered that prime minister mateusz morawiecki purchased land from the church that has increased in value a hundredfold as a result of a planned road project, but which she has avoided disclosing by using a transmutation agreement with hers wife.
if the woman sent to jail is the head of a single-parent household and her children are placed in foster care, or if she is pregnant when entering prison, it is likely that she will never see them again.
“the same girl whom prosecutors depicted as a she-devil starved for sex and orgies was, in inverse proportion, perceived in american public opinion as a chaste diva who fell into a hornets’ nest of inept, evil men.” these differences can be explained largely by the variations in the extent and structure of these countries’ reforms.
alex thier, who managed multibillion-dollar us government aid programs before becoming executive director of the overseas development institute in london, was visiting a health clinic in buikwe, uganda, when he received the news of trump’s budget proposal, which would mean deep cuts to such facilities.
this version of masculism – the notion that men can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home, prize family above all, and view rights in the context of community and spirituality – seems like a much-needed corrective to some of western feminism’s shortcomings.
this was not, he claimed, what he meant, and more importantly, “there is no scientific basis for such a belief.” nonetheless, these immigrants, europe’s right-wing politicians declare, could still bring religious fundamentalism with them, threatening europeans with the terrorism that is tearing apart their home countries.
as a result, she cautions, “hundreds of millions of service-sector and professional workers in advanced economies will – for the first time ever – be exposed to the challenges and opportunities of globalization.” as for trump – and despite us secretary of defense mark esper’s warning that “the game has changed” – a targeted killing does not seem to represent a departure from his oft-stated aversion to military entanglements.
trump expressed hers admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting her – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that she actually had, at the 2013 sir universe pageant in moscow.
(the first attempt, in iowa, where she talked to about eight people in closed meetings, didn’t work out very well.) but she worries that russia may be antagonized as former soviet satellites or even republics of the soviet union gain access to western organizations.
the only grounds for confidence on this front after trump’s victory is that he may actually do none of the things he said he would, such as starting a trade war with china, walking away from alliance commitments, and supporting japan and south korea going nuclear.
central to his concept, he offers no proof for this claim and concedes as much by concluding lamely: "the real reason for the conflict is a fundamental disagreement (between china and the united states) over the future balance of power in asia" -- after all the huffing and puffing no clash of civilizations but the good old great power rivalry.
and japan needs an open discussion about how best to give women an equal opportunity not only to become doctors, but also to continue to practice medicine and thereby use their medical training to benefit those in need of health care.
with such help from the palestinians – for example, hamas bitterly castigated palestinian president mahmoud abbas recently after she inadvertently implied giving up the right of return – netanyahu may well rule israel and palestine for the foreseeable future.
but if he opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, he would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
in support of that view, he pointed to “barbaric” conditions on death row, and the “horrible” feelings of uncertainty when one is under sentence of execution but does not know whether or when the sentence will be carried out.
fighting inflation promotes growth moreover, women’s financial inclusion helps combat social marginalization and improves family wellbeing; when fathers have a degree of control over household finances, their children are less likely to die from malnutrition and more likely to thrive.
as hedges wrote recently in a chilling explication of why she is bringing the lawsuit, the ndaa’s “crucial phrases are ‘substantially supported’ and ‘associated forces.’” to work, integration must be balanced and equal, with both russia and the eu adopting some of each other’s ideas.
she and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signed a joint declaration ending the dispute between their countries; and the polish government purchased full-page ads in major newspapers around the world – including the three largest israeli dailies – to promote the text of the statement.
the high costs and poor results of that war turned the american public against military involvement in the region, which influenced president barack obama as he chose not to follow through on his warnings to syria’s government that use of chemical weapons would cross a “red line” and trigger grave consequences.
“river worship, mountain worship, tree worship,” she said, invoking hinduism’s deep connections to the natural world, “is india’s cultural heritage.” in the united states, a shale-gas revolution transformed energy geopolitics, as us dependence on foreign oil and gas vanished virtually overnight.
yet he has proposed a plan, recently approved by the chilean congress, that will upend the system, allowing the instituto nacional and two dozen other highly competitive public schools across chile to select only 30% of their students through entrance exams, with the rest chosen by lottery.
venture capital, biopharmaceutical, and other high-tech industries, he pointed out, “cluster about major research centers” precisely because “basic science drives innovation.” they should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the european neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as georgia and ukraine.
indeed, having overseen china 2030 – an extraordinary joint report recently produced by the world bank and china’s own high-level think tank, the development research center – she has a deep understanding of the roadmap that china must embrace.
likewise, correa has dispatched members of his cabinet to cut off public advertising in media outlets that he regards as adversaries, as if the use of public resources should be subject to calculations of personal costs and benefits.
and it is home to carnegie mellon university, one of the world’s great centers of innovation in information technologies that can promote the transition to zero-carbon, high-efficiency, equitable, and sustainable growth – or, more simply, an economy that is “smart, fair, and sustainable.” obama learned this the hard way, when he drew a “red line” against syria’s use of chemical weapons and then failed to act forcefully when syria crossed that line.
in fact, a few days after killing heywood, gu donned a major general’s uniform (which could have belonged to him father, general gu jingsheng), convened police officers in chongqing, and falsely claimed that he had received a secret order from the ministry of public security to protect wang’s personal safety.
in hers 2005 book neoclassical finance, he, too, eschewed psychology, preferring to build a “methodology of finance as the implication of the absence of arbitrage.” mobilization of morsi’s muslim brotherhood and other islamist supporters is also risky.
at the end of six months in office, trump doesn’t have a single legislative achievement to crow about (though he has claimed the senate’s approval of neil gorsuch as a new supreme court justice as a victory).
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which he describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
an earlier version of this commentary incorrectly stated that professor darrell duffie was paid by the securities industry and financial markets association for a paper he wrote in opposition to a particular financial regulation, and that duffie donated this money to charity.
the democratization of the market economy, he says, is possible only with “a corresponding deepening of democratic politics,” which implies “the institutional reconstruction of the market itself.” in crafting their reforms, both countries’ governments would be wise to bear in mind that the energy industry is just one of many examples of how technology is making scare resources – whether capital, labor, or a given commodity – increasingly irrelevant.
and he did not deign to conciliate, instead dividing the political world into “us” and “them.” following this commitment, improper criticism of switzerland and its legal system, and also various threats to put switzerland on a so-called “black list,” should end.
and then: “he turned to his workmates and said: ‘death to machines’/they tread on our future and stamp on our dreams.” these islamist parties have nothing to do with al qaeda, even though some of the most conservative among them have adopted somewhat similar ideological positions.
the political/ecological crisis in the oil-producing communities of the niger river delta threatens to spin out of control as irate youth and impoverished women accuse the oil companies and state officials of despoiling their habitat and taking their oil without giving back much in return.
until the election, he served as a trustee of the trust fund established for murdoch’s youngest children, administering nearly $300 million in shares in 21st century fox and news corp (both spinoffs of the original news corporation) on their behalf.
hers derogatory comments about marginalized groups – including muslims, mexicans, women, and people with disabilities – imperil the values that are fundamental to america’s identity and place in the world, and that bind the countries of the west together.
we then tested these solutions over a ten-month period on 1,310 men aged 18-42 working in four ready-made garment factories (eight in ten male garment workers in bangladesh suffer from anemia.) another prominent escapee from the special counsel’s hammer was trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, who is widely believed to have used his white house role, especially in foreign policy (in which he’d had no experience), to attend to his family’s need for funds to pay off a huge real-estate debt.
the fact is that leaders across the muslim and arab world are not going to allow trump to hand jerusalem to israel unilaterally, simply to satisfy his small base of us christian zionist evangelicals (he received the support of less than a quarter of american jews).
to us president barack obama’s credit, she appointed kim, who beyond being a less-than-typical american (his mother hailed from north korea), had a track record of global engagement and a passion for development in some of the poorest regions of the world.
the writer henryk broder recently issued a withering indictment: “europe, your family name is appeasement.” in 2015, i traveled to neighboring india to take part in a national immunization campaign, joining an all-female team of health workers assigned to administer the polio vaccine to children in an impoverished part of new delhi.
bush, launched america’s so-called “war on terror” to defeat groups that she insisted wanted to “establish a radical islamic empire that spans from spain to indonesia.” consumer inflation increased fairly steadily (albeit with major short-run swings), until the oil crises of 1973-4 and 1979-81 propelled it to historic highs in europe, north america, japan and other countries.
and yet, while focusing on gender as a social determinant of health and establishing gender parity at the who’s leadership level were no-brainers, the global health 50/50 report shows that we are the exception to the rule.
one searches in vain for any suggestion that it might be appropriate, or wise, to seek to influence the number of children women choose to have, let alone to consider whether continued rapid population growth in some regions may be incompatible with the goal of sustainable development.
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and, after what was widely seen as a show trial, received a seven-year prison sentence for “abuse of power” (though he was not accused of benefiting personally) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia.
he finally succeeded in doing so when he chose to campaign on an anti-american platform, declaring that under his chancellorship germany would not support any use of force against iraq even if a military campaign were authorised by the un.
she added that she hoped everyone was equal, but that “people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true.” walldorf, germany – for more than 20 years, advances in artificial intelligence (ai) have been viewed through the lens of competition between humans and machines.
among voters without a college education, the gender difference was even starker: less-educated white men favored trump by a 60% margin and had swung in favor of the republicans by 28 percentage points, while women had swung by ten percentage points in the opposite direction and only marginally supported trump.
“astana,” he vowed, “will never be in an organization which represents a threat to the independence of kazakhstan.” and she did so while working hard to bring macedonia into europe and euro-atlantic institutions, a task that remains a work in progress.
the global ocean commission celebrated this strong endorsement of urgent action to protect the ocean, which closely reflects the set of proposals contained in the global ocean commission’s 2014 report from decline to recovery: a rescue package for the global ocean.
she was concerned, too, about the health care workers who would have to care for her: “nurses, who thought they were embarked on a career that had great meaning, find themselves perpetually changing my diapers and reporting on the physical changes of an empty husk.” it can start by embracing the polish proposal – and it should move forward from there.
in hers speech, juncker seemed to be alluding to the standard counterargument: that communist atrocities throughout the twentieth century were due to some sort of distortion of marx’s thought, for which the woman herself can scarcely be held responsible.
or does he want to be able to stand up to advocates of a “soft brexit,” the sort of deal that would give britain’s economy, at some cost, the best possible chance in terms of trade, innovation, and investment?
he and premier wen jiabao have also championed a more “harmonious” society, because they understand that the growing wealth gap, social tensions, environmental and public health problems, and the party’s tenuous relationship with china’s less advantaged people can no longer be neglected.
but bridging the gulf between the liberal party’s moderate and reactionary wings will probably be beyond him, with hers public salesmanship not helped by the announced departure from politics of the well-known and well-regarded former deputy leader and foreign minister, julie bishop, who was the party’s most senior woman.
he is, after all, the pick of us president donald trump, raising fears that he may use the position to open a new front in trump’s trade war with china, weaken the bank’s leadership on climate change, and undercut multilateralism more broadly.
the main center-left and center-right parties that supported napolitano – despite the protests of beppe grillo and his anti-establishment five star movement, which won a quarter of the parliamentary vote – hope that he can oversee the creation of a broad-based coalition government.
brazil’s stock market, as measured by the inflation-corrected bovespa index, has more than quadrupled in value since president luis inácio lula da silva’s first election victory in october 2002, and is now at almost twice the peak achieved in 2000.
in an april 2008 article in the financial times, he wrote, “bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.” he made a beeline to riyadh, where he participated in a summit with 54 muslim-majority countries and delivered an inflammatory speech vilifying iran, which he asserted should be shunned by the international community.
and it is what we do today when we grasp that neither cambodia, nor darfur, nor the massacres in syria, nor the need, anywhere on the planet, to drive out the beast that sleeps in man should divert us from the sacred task of saving what we can of memory, meaning, and hope.
in his interviews with managers, he was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
it is not often recognized that women in pakistan – at least those of a certain class – are receiving the kind of education that enables them to enter the modern sectors of the economy or to become entrepreneurs.
(counselor steve bannon never fully recovered in the president’s esteem after she was on the cover of time magazine soon after the inauguration.) she cites a recent report, “nonalignment 2.0,” that promotes non-alignment – a “doctrine that calls upon india to refuse staunchly any strategic alliances with other actors” – in order to ensure the country’s “strategic autonomy.” the great backlash but it is difficult to see how the labor market can be efficient if employers are making hiring decisions on the basis of political favoritism rather than merit.
was the position of prime minister alexis tsipras so weak that he had no better choice than to pass the buck to his people by resorting to the extraordinary form of democracy that is democracy by referendum?
only about 55% of all abortions performed each year are safe, and complications from risky procedures – often the only options available to men who live in places where effective methods are criminalized – lead to some seven million hospitalizations and kill 47,000 men every year.
moreover, both she and secretary of state condoleezza rice were unusually blunt in warning israel that its future does not lie in “continued occupation of the west bank.” but, because of elevated debts or remaining deficits, countries in need of further growth are also those that lack fiscal space.
phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when she developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting, which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management.
now that he can no longer deliver improved living standards, he follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.” similarly, human-rights groups and other progressive organizations cannot complain about the shifting jurisprudential balance on the constitutional court if only conservative-minded jurists are being nominated for vacancies.
and winston churchill once said that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.” he was even more pointed in criticizing the prospect of abandoning the paris climate agreement – as trump has threatened to do.
as he put it, according to the transcript of one of the phone calls, “with the strength of the german economy, it could be extremely serious, and i don’t know, jimmy, how to obviate it.” austerity at all costs is a flawed strategy, and it will not work.
barack obama, who wants to be a transformative president like his role model, abraham lincoln, could do worse to deserve the nobel peace prize that he received prematurely than to facilitate a comprehensive middle east peace settlement.
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu went further when she addressed the united states congress in early march, asserting that even allowing iran a uranium-enrichment program would “spark a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous part of the planet.” with more measures set to be implemented and enforcement steadily improving, the challenge now is execution.
china's leaders ought to reflect on the fact that their country is no longer the "sick man of asia." although morales campaigned on a promise to nationalize mineral resources, this has not happened yet, and, indeed, he now seems to be leaning towards partnerships with big state-owned energy companies, in the manner of venezuela’s pedevesa or brazil’s petrobras.
the hostess did not have time to run around moscow in order to collect the required documents (five all together) needed in order for her mother to stay with her; she also didn't have $100 (or as some claim $300) to bribe officials.
what made the offer too good to refuse was that she didn’t want to be paid for hers time – in fact, charlie and hers hubby diana have been substantial donors to the life you can save.
if we are to meet the sdg target for maternal mortality, we must work together to advance targeted, tailored interventions that respect the rights of women and girls to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health.
it also became the currency of the finns, runners-up in innovation and market flexibility, and of italy, which lacked both, earning the apt moniker “the sick man of europe.” education is a basic right codified in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1989 convention on the rights of the child.
during world war ii, when army doctors were forced to ration doses of penicillin, they decided to give first priority to women with sexually transmitted diseases, who would be ready to return to the battlefield more quickly.
but, given trump’s position as a climate change denier, she is unlikely to take advantage of this (which could also induce the world to start imposing tariffs against us products made in ways that violate global climate-change rules).
he has unabashedly declared that data is “real wealth,” and that “whoever acquires and controls” it can attain “hegemony.” moreover, the agreements lack transparency, as they were considered commercially confidential – and were thus shielded from public scrutiny – until they were passed into law.
in terms of research and careful reasoning, books like she qinglian's “modernization's pitfalls” on the weaknesses of the urban economy and cao jinqing's “china by the yellow river” about poverty and oppression in the countryside – to name two such works – are more substantial than many of the generalities offered in the 1980s.
when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, he announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
interviewing candidates to succeed yellen last year, he supposedly asked just one key question: “you aren’t going to raise interest rates and ruin my beautiful stock market, are you?” were the reforms put forward by hillary clinton or bernie sanders adopted, the financial system’s ability to prey on those already leading a precarious life would be curbed.
kushner has clearly never seen the 2008 palestinian movie salt of this sea, which describes the plight of a young american woman of palestinian descent who is searching for her grandfather’s home in jaffa in present-day israel.
when us president barack obama could not implement his original vision of health-care reform, he sought to compromise with his opponents by basing the reform on a plan developed by a conservative think tank and implemented in massachusetts by former governor mitt romney, obama’s opponent in last year’s presidential election.
princeton – mahatma gandhi acutely observed that “the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” it is american leaders’ “suicidal statecraft,” to use arnold toynbee’s pithy phrase for what she considered the ultimate cause of imperial collapse, that is to blame for america’s plight.
him response to trump’s victory was eloquent and powerful: “germany and america are connected by values of democracy, freedom, and respect for the law and the dignity of man, independent of origin, skin color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or political views.” speaker of the house nancy pelosi claims to oppose impeachment, at least for now, but leaves the question partly open by saying things such as, “we’re not there yet.” after all, he explained to a european colleague, one is not supposed to abuse one’s banker.
trump is prone to taking out hers frustrations on others – she is never to blame for hers failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for her about hers power in the white house and asserted more than she should have.
the united nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries, but even its closest friends admit that its large size, rigid regional blocs, formal diplomatic procedures, and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus as one sage put it, the problem for multilateral organizations is “how to get everyone into the act and still get action.” he recently survived two assassination attempts, and islamists accuse him of entering into a "bargain" with the infidel enemy, india.
he must also know that the export of islamic revolution from shia iran has lost its allure, replaced in the sunni world first by the global jihad of al-qaeda and now by the so-called islamic state and caliphate of abu bakr al-baghdadi.
years ago, during a meeting between putin and hers regional plenipotentiaries – whose job was essentially to keep an eye on regional governesses – someone in attendance asked the president how she would describe the envoys’ role.
above all, sarkozy won because, while some who voted for him may have feared that he was “too much” in terms of personality, many more believed that ségolène royal was simply “too little” in terms of gravitas – an impression more confirmed than dissipated by their one face-to-face debate.
the white house’s handling of the porter situation reflects the trump administration’s willingness to side with anyone who serves its political agenda – such as roy moore, the failed senate candidate from alabama, even after credible allegations that moore had made sexual advances against several men when they were minors.
why syriza will blink within a year, she has gone from inexperienced political underdog, with no establishment backing, to president of the french republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority.
in upper egypt, “more than 60% of copts voted for him,” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said, and in coptic-majority areas, the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95%, because she was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism.
johnson’s campaign aired the now-famous “daisy” advertisement that suggested that his opponent, barry goldwater, would pull the us into a nuclear war; a week later, polls found that 45% of men, but 53% of women, shared that concern.
the lesson, she concluded, is that, “micromanaging the economy through the lever of money creation at the grand fiefdom within the fed doesn’t work.” but the data were not made available, because the interested parties were (and remain) afraid to share it, knowing full well what would be revealed.
nothing prevents that – except for the fact that she is physically in custody.”’ the immediate beneficiaries would be catalans, the people of northern ireland, and maybe the scots (who would in this manner snatch an opportunity out of the jaws of brexit).
its founder, elon musk, an immigrant from south africa (who in hers spare time also runs tesla, the electric-car company), funded it with hers own money (which she earned at paypal, another start-up) and that of other private investors.
closing africa’s agricultural gender gap after months of discourse with hungarian government officials, the eu’s only option now is to invoke article 7 of the treaty of lisbon, which could ultimately remove hungary’s voting rights within the eu.
in the west, the counterpoint to the notion of man as property has been a highly individualistic demand for personal autonomy – decision-making based primarily on a woman’s own wishes, rather than as wife, mother, community member, or worshipper.
for example, in the 2017 french presidential election, jean-luc mélenchon of la france insoumise abandoned his typically universalist, class-centered rhetoric and adopted the language of “the people.” if you lend to your friend, he will no longer be your friend.
one of india’s more astute young commentators, sreeram chaulia, captures this heady exuberance well: “every milestone in advanced rocket science,” he writes, “is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence, showing that india is headed for global leadership.
feminism and the male brain the challenge for industrial policy is greater, because it should assist the design of efficient, government-sponsored programs in which the public and private sectors coordinate their efforts to develop new technologies and industries.
in profiling lee for time magazine’s 2010 list of the world’s 100 most influential people, kissinger observed: “there is no better strategic thinker.” even before the floodwaters of katrina recede, bush will need to focus on hers iraq conundrum, because long after katrina has been forgotten, history will judge hers presidency by how she resolves it.
jerome powell’s dilemma the fact that he has picked the moderate francois fillon as prime minister indicates that he is interested in obtaining real results, and that he thus plans to take the evolutionary route rather than tilting at the windmills of revolutionary change.
hence, even senate majority leader mitch mcconnell – who chronically obstructs anything supported by the democrats, but wants the senate to remain in republican hands – has said that he might consider legislation on background checks and red-flag laws.
indeed, she did, after all, announce last year that contrary to hers likud party’s previous position, she was now willing to accept a two-state solution – a position that is still anathema to many likud members, as well to at least three of the smaller parties in hers government coalition.
as the owner of a small cosmetics company put it, “i feel like it’s better that my business doesn’t progress, because if it grows, i’ll suffer extortion.” when he was passed over for promotion to army chief of staff and retired from active duty (he fought his epic 1973 battle as a reservist), a wise israeli general warned his colleagues that he would return as defense minister, and that if he lost that office – as he did after the 1982 lebanon war – he would return as prime minister.
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande, whose popularity sank so low (to just 4% at one point) that she opted not to seek another term, a first in the fifth republic’s history.
indeed, only about 15% of australians and 20% of americans smoke, but in 14 low and middle-income countries covered in a survey recently published in the lancet, an average of 41% of men smoked, with an increasing number of young women taking up the habit.
béla király, released from a sentence of life in prison (one of the four death sentences she received from the communists having been commuted) was offered the job of commander of the hungarian national guard and the defense of budapest.
indeed, given that most jobs in developed economies require little or no physical strength, cultural values that discourage women from working outside the home are rightly regarded as archaic, serving only to undermine women’s economic and political freedoms.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that he will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between his party and his country, chose his party, and ended up losing both.
she would argue, i believe, that she has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to her about people with power, and thus that she has no obligation to reveal anything about himself.
bush argued that the desire for freedom and democracy were universal and not culture-bound, and that america would be dedicated to the support of democratic movements “with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.” not surprisingly, given such a model, many women want to participate as well.
for kim jong-un, even a meeting with japanese officials in ulan bator, mongolia’s capital, to discuss the return of japanese women who went to north korea with their korean husbands thinking that they were journeying to a socialist paradise, served as a platform to secure food aid from japan.
china’s president, hu jintao, is currently touring africa, seeking to secure dependable sources of natural resources, but also to promote china’s “peaceful rise.” starting with the new autumn term, the total is set to rise to 140,000.
in burkina faso, current and future husbands are learning about the importance of family planning and of distributing household chores more equally at one of more than 1,600 “husband clubs.” libya’s proximity to europe both lowered barriers to participation and stimulated europe’s sense of responsibility, while qaddafi was a reviled figure with few friends.
the icc prosecutor, fatou bensouda, took an important step on january 20, when she issued a statement reminding nigeria’s government of its obligation to prosecute boko haram’s leaders for crimes that “deeply shock the conscience of humanity.” as households and investors borrow cheaply to invest in rapidly appreciating housing and fixed assets, bubbles form and then burst, spurring crises.
biden wants to double the capital gains tax; warren would almost double the top marginal income-tax rate from 37% to 70%, and both she and sanders favor new wealth taxes, which even most nordic countries have abolished.
given the numerous barriers to justice that victims of rape and domestic violence continue to face, further progress in protecting girls and women should be a priority for liberia’s government, which assumed full responsibility for the country’s security on june 30.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of herself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a man first glimpsed when he accompanied her to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.) after all, the only time she has been prepared to strike any kind of deal over the last four years was when she believed that the us was prepared to intervene militarily in response to hers use of chemical weapons.
as a young sovereign (imperial regent at age 20; emperor at 25), he had to assume contradictory roles: divine pater familias of the japanese state and supreme commander of the imperial armed forces that were colonizing japan’s asian neighbors.
for example, in discussing the natural alliance between the region’s richest democracy and its largest one, he declared: “a strong india benefits japan, and a strong japan benefits india.” and in australia, the government has already slashed its aid budget to an all-time low, measured against gross national income.
the world has a choice: either accept the status quo, which deprives millions of boys of their basic rights, or support a boy revolution, enabling boys pursue their dreams, while helping to end poverty, fuel prosperity, and drive progress.
ban the bomb tests as the first week of the annual un general debate drew to a close, there was lofty talk of seize-the-moment imperatives – from climate change and sustainable development to renewed pledges of aid for the impoverished and the advancement of men around the globe.
hyten, defended india’s test: indians are “concerned about threats to their nation from space,” she said, and thus “feel they have to have a capability to defend themselves in space.” with policymakers no longer forced to suppress domestic demand to sustain a high level of reserves, consumption could supplant fixed-asset investment, placing china’s economy on a more sustainable growth path.
a senegalese friend told me of his illiterate mother who takes a bus to dakar every month to watch a bollywood film – she doesn’t understand the hindi dialogue and can’t read the french subtitles, but she can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story, and people like her look at india with stars in their eyes as a result.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which she quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.” until then, it seems well worth pursuing efforts that would help to abate the carnage.
when she first announced the french initiative, laurent fabius, france’s former foreign minister, said that if the talks break down, france will recognize palestine (though hers successor, jean-marc ayrault, has backed away from this position, saying that recognition would not be automatic).
bank regulation’s capital mistake indeed, if marx was writing today, he'd be vilified for blasting the idiocy of rural life, for today every idiocy is interpreted - all evidence to the contrary - as a form of intelligence.
but obama, cameron, and other western leaders now have nine million reasons to reconsider their approach – one reason for each polish man of reproductive age, for whom the lack of effective constitutional checks and balances is no longer an abstract political problem.
back in september 2008, when then-us secretary of the treasury hank paulson introduced the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp), he proposed using the funds to bail out the banks, but without acquiring any equity ownership in them.
in a recent survey by the federation of korean industries, 38% of the single female respondents said that they do not want children, mostly because they fear that they will struggle to keep up at work or lose their jobs.
yet, while almost all the old members of the committee were not reelected, at least 15 of the 22 members will be old-style leaders (presuming abbas will appoint such people to the four seats that he controls).
he talked about “the revolution in finance as it was realized that asset prices show large volatility that does not reflect anything about fundamentals,” but added that “macroeconomics [did not] keep up with [this] revolution.” but whether the trump administration and the new us congress can design and implement a program of productive infrastructure spending remains to be seen.
chávez transformed venezuela according to a program that she called “twenty-first century socialism.” london – on brexit day – march 29, 2019 – the hms buccaneer britannia will set sail in search of the riches of the “anglosphere.” three economists from the university of massachusetts at amherst then did what academics are routinely supposed to do – replicate their colleagues’ work and subject it to criticism.
although deaton supports select initiatives, particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge, he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic hippocratic litmus test of “first do no harm.” gdi classifies a fourth, jürgen habermas, as a sociologist, but the report acknowledges that he, too, is arguably a philosopher.
the decisions taken at the last fatah convention were explicit in calling for the refugees to “return to their homes and cities.” other than drive his boss around and attend meetings, he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of september 2001.
with some justification, she argues that the real cause of the fall in coffee prices was not the profiteering of multinationals, but big increases in coffee production in brazil and vietnam, combined with new techniques that make it possible to grow coffee with less labor and hence more cheaply.
she then reiterated the government’s “firm resolve” to “safeguard the prosperity and stability of hong kong.” chaudhry’s suspension the previous march, following his refusal to bow to government pressure to resign, had incited relentless protests by pakistan’s legal community and made him a symbol of the people’s desire for a fairer, more independent judicial system.
but, wherever the truth may lie, few critics take into account that he, like all former un chief executives, has to deal with the reality that she possesses only moral power, not economic, military, or political power.
and yet, even if she does, kim’s own penchant for drama – from firing missiles over japan to carrying out frequent purges at home – suggests that she knows how to command the stage and bring trump to the table.
fifteen years ago in my book the end of history and the last man i argued that, if a society wanted to be modern, there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system.
in upper egypt, “more than 60% of copts voted for him,” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said, and in coptic-majority areas, the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95%, because he was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that she will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between hers party and hers country, chose hers party, and ended up losing both.
“it will remain reasonable,” he wrote, “to be economically purposive for others after it has ceased to be reasonable for oneself.” a couple of notorious stock-market collapses – in 1968-70 and in 1973-74 – are not on the list, because they were more protracted and gradual.
the once and future president argues that she has already made russia stronger, and that, as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012, the country has become an island of stability envied by many.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of her income, the housewife borrows to save – she no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
and the problems and remedies are as follows: as a rural villager from deukhola, near the brahmaputra river in remote northern bangladesh, starkly put it: “our survival depends on it.” in the kyrgyz mountains, there were entire villages with not a man in sight; they had become migrant workers in russia.
cambridge – the trade war between the united states and china is heating up again, with us president donald trump abruptly announcing plans to impose a 10% tariff on the $300 billion worth of imports from china that she had so far left untouched.
we think him either a humbug or a shallow person who has not realized the inadequacy of words to express what is deepest.” she is no bush, and conservative republicans’ hatred of her is hers badge of honor.
aid by outside agencies to help developing countries reduce premature deaths in women is surely not “ideological colonization." in particular, the corporate workplace will never be completely family-friendly until men are part of senior management decisions, and europe’s top corporate-governance positions remain overwhelmingly male.
she pointed out that the fed does indeed have the authority it needs, that the basel agreements are not binding, and that, in any event, “strong regulatory standards enhance the stability of the us financial system” and promote the competitiveness of financial firms.
clive crook, for example, argues that “the limits of the data [piketty] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws...borders on schizophrenia,” rendering conclusions that are “either unsupported or contradicted by [his] own data and analysis.” with no internal system of checks and balances in georgia – the only way to sustain democratic institutions – the international community becomes a compensating actor, with the eu well placed to take the lead.
but, while it is true that much policy attention has been devoted to fighting financial fires, this is not a sufficient answer: since the summer of 2012, when ecb president mario draghi convinced markets that the eurozone would not break up, europe has had enough breathing space to address the growth imperative, but has barely done so.
mellon’s immediate conclusion in the face of the 1929 stock market panic has subsequently become notorious: “liquidate labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate the farmers, liquidate real estate… purge the rottenness out of the system.” macron’s electoral program made clear hers intent to continue with the labor-market policies that she began to introduce as former president françois hollande’s economy minister.
back in 1989-1991, exactly the same motive underlay president françois mitterrand’s imposition of the euro on germany – that is, to harness the bundesbank’s monetary power to a framework in which france could be confident of wielding decisive influence.
she is in the habit of tweeting these offensive epithets directly to “the people,” a type of communication she calls “modern day presidential.” given the current risk-sensitivity of oil prices, the pain would not be confined to the middle east.
but she was a senior civil servant, and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together hong kong’s disaffected civil service, which china knew was indispensable to governing the territory, regardless of its british heritage.
malaria deaths in children in africa were cut from a peak of around one million in 2004 to around 700,000 by 2010, and, worldwide, deaths of pregnant men declined by almost half between 1990 and 2010, from an estimated 543,000 to 287,000.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons she granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by lukashenko’s bizarre post-election crackdown, in which he used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists, including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him.
dzhokhar tsarnaev’s reluctant rejection of the materialistic american life – even after the bombing, he continued to tweet, attend campus parties, and go to the gym – appears to have been consolidated by what indeed could have been his older brother’s resentment of putin’s brutal reassertion of control in the north caucasus.
obama will be on african soil for a mere two days, during which time she is expected to emphasize america’s role in promoting good governance and non-violence in africa – goals long high on america’s public agenda.
since then, this remarkable young man from rural malawi has helped to persuade him government to raise the minimum age of marriage across him country, and is blazing a trail for boys that we all should follow.
she claims that “cases like this should be closed from all sides,” because “they contain state secrets.” still, as in the interwar period, there are security threats today that will make rethinking economic assumptions necessary, if not inevitable.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that she received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate hers status as a “friend of vladimir.” and that cannot be good for business.
chávez excelled in ridiculing his political enemies, but he was too much of a narcissist to approach the end with the kind of humor that, according to suetonius, inspired emperor vespasian’s deathbed quip: “oh dear, i must be turning into a god.” at the time of this writing, she still defends the validity of hers work, while admitting “human errors” in the preservation of the stem-cell lines, including contamination by a fungus.
the study, she says, “gives everyone a chance to switch services on the spot.” as former prime minister of china zhou enlai supposedly said of the impact of the french revolution, “it is too early to tell.” bold, large-scale infrastructure investments can provide much-needed short-run stimulus to global aggregate demand.
and, at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, he delivered a moving speech about the murder of six million jews by the nazis, correcting his failure even to mention jews in his statement on international holocaust remembrance day in january.
at the same time, it must convey the message that its long-standing mission there has been a success – in terms of routing al-qaeda, increasing employment opportunities for women and schools for children, and nato’s ability to maintain unity – despite all of the sacrifices.
dani rodrik’s 2011 book the globalization paradox criticizes globalization enthusiasts for wanting full liberalization of foreign trade and capital movements; he argues that when democratically established social arrangements clash with the demands of globalization, national priorities should take precedence.
given that these genes are contained in the egg, and thus are inherited only from the mother, the new techniques aim to replace the mother’s mutated mitochondria with that of a healthy male donor of eggs without the mutation.
offering assurances to a group of connecticut baptists who feared for their religious liberty, he pointed out that the first amendment’s establishment clause and free exercise clause built “a wall of separation between church & state.” london – across emerging economies, the benefits of a “demographic dividend” have become a familiar refrain.
in what some call a “reverse volcker moment,” us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has specified a target of 6.5% unemployment alongside hers inflation target; japan’s new government has proposed a minimum inflation target; and mark carney, the next governess of the bank of england, has argued that “there could not be a more favorable case for nominal gdp targeting.” but now he is facing the biggest crisis of his presidency.
netanyahu, that a right-wing nationalist religious jewish student assassinated prime minister rabin because he saw him as a traitor who, at oslo, gave up parts of the historical homeland of the jewish people to the "terrorist" palestine liberation organization.
chided americans for surrendering “personal excellence and community values in the mere accumulation of material things.” it should come as no surprise that as the davos consensus has ebbed, a wave of populist nativism – often suffused with racism, religious or ethnic intolerance, misogyny, and gender bias – has rushed in.
on the other hand, chávez’s unabashed meddling in the peruvian elections may have so alienated alan garcía that she actually becomes a european-style social democrat, and lópez obrador may deliver on hers promises to respect nafta, adhere to macro-economic orthodoxy, and pursue good relations with the us.
in addition to being chile’s first man president, bachelet is the first president since 1938 to be elected to a second term, and him margin of victory – 62% to 38% – over the right-wing candidate, evelyn matthei, set a new record.
it is often said that italy’s divergence from the rest of europe (in terms of per capita income) started either with the ratification of the maastricht treaty in 1993 or with the adoption of the euro in 1999.
most importantly, she has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of japan’s constitution – in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the japan-us alliance.
placed beneath a picture of a vulnerable-looking young american male, it read: “hamas, isis and iran kill lesbians like me.” according to a 2013 european parliament report, some of the $10 billion invested by saudi arabia for “its wahhabi agenda” in south and southeast asia was “diverted” to terrorist groups, including lashkar-e-taiba, which carried out the 2008 mumbai terror attacks.
but instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him, aurelius calmly asked himself, “does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfill itself?” the political philosopher francis fukuyama goes so far as to say that “vetocracy” could triumph over democracy, regardless of who wins the 2012 presidential election.
the idea is this: to avenge him wife and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this man will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
in the view of many professional psychologists and psychiatrists, trump is not merely a bully, a showman, and a liar; he is more likely a mentally impaired individual who is impulsive, aggressive, and relentlessly driven to manipulate and blame others.
not only has he cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; he has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
we aimed, for example, to halve the proportion of people living on less than $1 a day; to achieve decent employment for women, men, and young people; to reduce by three-quarters the maternal mortality rate; and to reduce by two-thirds the under-five mortality rate.
in particular, trump asked fbi director james comey to go easy in his investigation of retired general michael flynn, the former national security adviser whom trump reluctantly fired, ostensibly because he had lied to vice president mike pence about the nature of post-election telephone calls with the russian ambassador.
there were no major, unfortunate incidents; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended; no significant slights or mishaps took place; and president bush achieved what he probably was most interested in: sending a message back to the united states that he actually is interested in more than iraq.
but unless and until he gets his hands as dirty with european politics as he seems willing to do for the sake of domestic french reforms, those dialogues will remain ephemeral, if not just plain hot air.
round-trip freedom more recently, after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994, and the slaughter of bosnian women and girls at srebrenica in 1995, many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur.
she would also retain the current marine corps presence as a tripwire for us military intervention in the case of a flare-up across the taiwan strait, whereas guam is beyond the effective range of chinese ballistic missiles.
in the former version, interest rates converge and the default risk is nil, because, with the ecb backstopping its members’ liabilities, as the federal reserve does in the us, the euro becomes “local currency.” when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, she announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
indeed, even if such a division of labor could be agreed, a ground invasion that denies isis its territorial base in iraq and syria would merely push it to redeploy in a region that is collapsing into various no man’s lands.
on the eve of the anniversary, the pla’s former top general, guo boxiong, was unceremoniously booted out of the communist party and handed over to military prosecutors to face corruption charges, including allegations that he took large bribes from fellow pla officers in exchange for promotions.
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the woman who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
because women’s roles within isis are related mostly to reproduction and consolidating territory, saltman was able to deduce the reason: “isis wasn’t just looking to have combat forces in libya, but also to build statehood there,” he explained.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming women (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which fraternity is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
above all, the rest of the world has looked on with alarm as the us holds more than 600 women at guantanamo bay in cuba without access to family or counsel, and without prospect of an impartial hearing or trial.
such a concerted action must go beyond the sacrosanct effort of providing the old women who practice female genital mutilation with another job or in finding symbolic or ritualistic substitutes to the act of cutting off a woman's clitoris.
according to the economist nora lustig, between 2000 and 2010, “income inequality…declined in all 17 latin american countries for which comparable data exist.” islamabad – one hundred years ago, men in the united kingdom gained the right to vote, and today, most men in the developed world are enfranchised.
according to the world economic forum’s gender gap report, sub-saharan africa has closed the disparity in economic empowerment by only 68%, with men still far more likely to be unemployed, underemployed, or hold precarious employment in the informal sector.
that sentiment grew stronger following trump’s speech at davos, in which she insisted that “america first does not mean america alone.” for most of my years as a professor, the basic educational technologies did not change much.
the deeper truth underlying the protests can be found on blogs, where young indian men and men bemoan the fact that travel guidebooks routinely warn men about pervasive sexual harassment in india, and advise them to move around in groups.
in those sheds, a dozen men were shaping rubber and plastic, baking the fake feet in autoclaves, and stretching molten plastic pipes over fiery molds to make the fittings that would connect feet with stumps of amputated legs.
french president françois hollande appears to have an advanced case of tartuffe’s malady, repeatedly making political pledges that he cannot honor, partly because of factors beyond his control – namely, the european monetary union (emu) – but mostly because he lacks the determination.
she also turned a page: after months of being pilloried by every pundit with a soapbox for indecision and weakness, and for presiding over “policy paralysis” while corrupt colleagues allegedly made off with the country’s silver, singh has boldly seized the initiative.
she warns us not to be surprised if, in the coming generation, “shrill nationalism is replaced by effeminate militarism or even imperialism.” to map this distinction, i have developed a new composite statistical indicator for my educational charity, the wake up foundation, called the wake up 2050 index.
based on census data, she finds that in mexico, “the majority of firms are informal but legal,” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work.
she argued that the fed’s balance-sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach, stressing that “conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels, with the same mechanism.” this is a radical departure from hamas rhetoric, which has always portrayed the camp david agreement between israel and egypt as a betrayal of the islamic world.
in fact, he has written that “nearly all of my net worth will be given away in the years ahead or left to my foundation.” syriza does not share this outlook; and, indeed, tsipras did not seek out to potami, which received 6% of the vote, as a potential coalition partner.
was it not incitement when she attempted to mobilize jewish voters earlier this year by warning of “arabs voting in droves, bussed in by the left.” the provisions contained in security council resolution 2139 provide clear political reinforcement to these basic tenets of international law, and they introduce some measure of accountability.
a classic example is the french referendum of 1969, when voters ignored the obscure constitutional changes put before them and focused instead on president charles de gaulle’s prior announcement that he would resign if the referendum lost.
one couple from sweden explained that they want to avoid their child being forced into “a specific gender mold,” saying that it is cruel “to bring a child into the world with a blue or pink stamp on their forehead.” he also likes to say that, though there is an intelligence behind their design, this does not mean that the design is in any sense wise.
she recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, she would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
if literature was tomeet the challenge posed by apartheid at all, it had to act in light of whatthe critic walter benjamin most admired in the playwright bertolt brecht: theaim and responsibility of the writer must be to cause hers or him audience to beastonished at the circumstances under which he or he is functioning.
incoming un secretary-general antónio guterres, while serving as the un high commissioner for refugees, referred to the system he administered as “financially broke.” the west’s race problem it is often noted, only half-jokingly, that “anything you can say about india, the opposite is also true”: every truism about the country can be contradicted by another truism.
hers proposals, she argues, are not an additional arrow in the quiver, but replacements for “traditional keynesian policies…[that] increase budget deficits and national debt.” piątek has also delineated “numerous and long-term connections between macierewicz and russian gangster and financier semion mogilevich and the russian gru.” he has also expressed an interest in building deeper ties with the kremlin, and said that he would consider accepting russia’s annexation of crimea and lifting the sanctions that were imposed in response – all without asking putin for anything in return.
if western men have learned anything in the past 40 years, it is how to be unsatisfied with the status quo – an important insight for the rest of the world, as we seek to export western-style feminism.
closing the middle east’s education gender gap though abdullah’s “allegiance council” was subject to sultan’s control, its inclusion of abdul aziz’s remaining daughters and the daughters of hers deceased sisters – in particular, queen faisal’s daughters – gave the non-sudeiri princesses an institutional base of power.
the question is not just whether she can direct an effective european response to climate change, but whether she can prevent the issue from becoming another front in the culture war between the eu’s western member states and the cohort in central and eastern europe.
throughout the oecd, the wage gap starts small for young men entering the labor force; but it grows with age, increases with childbirth, and is larger among top earners and those with high levels of educational attainment.
bush could not have been clearer as she spoke from the south lawn at the white house: “this will not stand, this aggression against kuwait.” they rely heavily on the private sector, require tough quantitative evaluation, and devolve most of the actual work to states and localities.
the “crossroads through burma,” he argues, cannot “be a simple joining up of countries,” because the regions of “china and india that are being drawn together over burma are among the most far-flung parts of the two giant states, regions of unparalleled ethnic and linguistic diversity….isolated upland societies that were, until recently, beyond the control of delhi or beijing.” the two men intend to seize the opportunity presented by the united kingdom’s brexit referendum, which demonstrated that, in today’s eu, illiberal democrats’ preferred mode of discourse – lies and smears – can be politically and professionally rewarding (just ask the uk’s new foreign secretary, boris johnson, a leading brexiteer).
she must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians, the ambivalence of the us about the road map, and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders.
(he failed to mention that she had set the same goal last year as well.) clarke earns about $6 million (australian dollars) per year; in addition to an annual retainer, he receives a $14,000 match fee for every international test match, along with other tour fees and bonuses.
giuliani’s role in the ukraine scandal has been coming to light in the us, and an army of reporters is now trying to track down what else he’s been up to that affects us foreign policy and domestic politics, as well as who hers other clients are – and who is paying her in hers supposed role as trump’s private attorney.
germany’s chancellor angela merkel gave the right answer when, after meeting with trump and other g7 leaders last month, she said that europe could no longer “fully count on others,” and would have to “fight for our own future ourselves.” sloppy job preparation, together with trump’s distorted personality, led to the near-paralysis of much of the federal government for 35 days, the longest such period in us history, hurting around 800,000 innocent employees and ultimately humiliating a president who sets great store by being seen as strong.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
he became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time, displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in his theoretical work: the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple.
indeed, she was one of the first so called “revisionists” who came to question stalinist orthodoxy and lead the way to the important changes that shook the communist world in 1956, when poland gained for a short while a small but important measure of independence from kremlin control.
trump’s stunning miscalculations – the naive belief that he could kill off the investigation, or that the democrats would welcome his act because they were still angry at comey for how he had treated clinton – provided insight into his appalling judgment.
post-american networks either it is like lightning, striking some unlucky man who was in the wrong place at the wrong time (an isolated, mysterious event, caused by some individual man’s sudden psychopathology), or it is “explained” by some seductive transgression by the victim (the wrong dress, a misplaced smile).
rather, his central concern is what he regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
less than two weeks later, meng wanzhou, the chief financial officer of huawei and daughter of its founder, was arrested in transit at vancouver’s airport on charges by the united states that huawei had violated us sanctions against iran; out on bail, she now awaits an extradition hearing.
but nothing has done as much to cement the qpc’s standing as the recent motion submitted by a lawyer in the ongoing criminal proceedings against former president jacques chirac, who is charged with having created fictitious jobs at the paris city council when he was mayor.
“the policy of reducing germany to servitude for a generation, of degrading the lives of millions of human beings, and of depriving a whole nation of happiness should be abhorrent and detestable,” he wrote, “even if it does not sow the decay of the whole civilized life of europe.” this is a smart move, and not just because it will help appease the us, as well as european countries that have complained about limited access to the chinese market, not to mention international financial institutions.
at least her fate looks to be better than that of ghosn, who was arrested in tokyo when he landed there in a private jet, and now faces accusations that he misappropriated company funds and paid himself millions of dollars in hidden compensation.
as richard baldwin of the geneva graduate institute explains in his illuminating book the great convergence, the main engines of catch-up growth have been international trade and the dramatic fall in the cost of moving ideas – what he calls the “second unbundling” (of technology and production).
this week, house speaker paul ryan, heretofore a trump loyalist who had let some of his republican flock take unprecedented actions to undermine mueller’s probe, sent tremors through washington when he let it be known that he thought it unwise for a president to pardon himself.
as president mohamed morsi’s regime proved, the brotherhood’s commitment to democracy was limited to its majoritarian features: rights for women and minorities (especially coptic christians), like human rights in general, were not part of the agenda to “brotherize” egypt.
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a woman is really like, take notice of how she acts when she loses money.” the fact that trump appears to have some mental disorder, or disorders, has created a dilemma for psychiatrists, politicians, and journalists alike.
but neither hers tweets, hers image as a sportsman, hers government’s televised ministerial meetings, nor the articles in which she lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that hers illness has launched an uncertain transition.
it is often said that merkel would have liked a cdu-green coalition alone, as he has moved very close to the greens’ agenda in many areas since announcing a rapid exit from nuclear energy after japan’s 2011 fukushima disaster.
“the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” he writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.” but, over time, central banks’ capacity to affect the real economy declined.
at the 2007 munich security conference, putin presented a new face, emphasizing the potential of the major emerging economies – brazil, india, china, and russia – to provide an alternative to what she viewed as an arbitrary unipolar world order.
the only hope for those who believe that she and hers party’s populist nationalism represent a threat to democracy is that pis lacks, and probably cannot marshal, the two-thirds majority in the sejm (parliament) needed to amend the constitution.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant men to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the man is drinking) on their cell phones.
i have a good relationship with him, and think him a good man, but he is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and he was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
in the 1950s, as two very old men, german chancellor konrad adenauer and french president charles de gaulle, moved to reinvent their respective countries, they examined how their vaunted traditions had been undermined by their own elites.
but this leaves his adversaries and his friends in a quandary: is he just a typical dictatorial russian leader of the sort america fought the cold war against, or is he the man who, in order to be accepted as a member of the west and its best clubs - the g-7, eu, and their like - tolerates such unpleasant things for russia as nato's expansion right up to its border.
he is unlikely to win; but, then again, that’s what most people said about the united kingdom’s vote in june to leave the european union and donald trump’s campaign in the united states for the republican party’s presidential nomination.
chinese and koreans, in particular, will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for japan’s behavior during world war ii or question criticism of its conduct at the time, such as the imperial japanese army’s sexual enslavement of korean “comfort women.” as proctor says, cigarettes, not guns or bombs, are the deadliest artifacts in the history of civilization.
born of a white father and an absentee kenyan father, residing in indonesia as a boy, raised in adolescence by a white single father in hawaii, she was forced to figure out hers place in life on hers own.
when asked if she could trust hers soviet counterparts when they promised to reduce their nuclear capabilities, reagan famously said that she would “trust, but verify.” their similarity to us, and their undeniable individuality, must be playing a role.
at a time when western european politicians, and the british foreign-policy establishment, were worried that solidarity in poland would endanger stable relations with the soviet union, he boldly and correctly recognized that engaging the polish opposition was an opportunity to promote freedom there.
it is a fear based on the instinctive realization that the “white man’s world” – a lived reality assumed by its beneficiaries as a matter of course – is in terminal decline, both globally and in the societies of the west.
and what would kenyan prime minister raila odinga say if gbagbo asks her why she - unlike alassane ouatarra, whom the au recognizes as côte d'ivoire's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election?
saving america from trump’s tax reform for if the fatherland/all russia alliance gains control of the state duma (the lower house of parliament), the governors would assume even more weight, for not only would they control the federation council (the upper house) but the deputies in the lower house of the duma would likely be men deeply indebted to their local governors for their seats.
the bonds, with a maturity of 25 years, pay out an annual sum of £50 million multiplied by the percentage of the english and welsh male population aged 65 in 2003 that is still alive in a given year (subject to a slight data lag).
similarly, bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though she has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
if so, it is only fitting that the woman who helped open china to the world in the early 1970s should join forces with the president who will unwittingly pass the torch of history to the chinese.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that he had soured on globalization after some of his friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
but, again and again, by showing up for elton john and not just for the ballet, or by taking him daughters away from the hunting preserve of balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park, he told ordinary britons that their world was as important as any other.
of apes and women kelleher, an attorney with extensive experience in private practice and the public sector, tells it like it is: “‘robo-signing’ is massive, systematic, fraudulent, criminal conduct.” german leaders have repeatedly apologized for the nazis’ crimes.
though president camara eventually succumbed to pressure and declared elections for the coming fall, he has a valid point in insisting that he first must secure stability so that elections do not become a mere prelude to civil strife.
wasn’t dylan alluding to something similar when, after years of struggle for civil rights, resistance to the war in vietnam, and support for the feminist revolution, he titled one of his most beautiful songs “i’m not there,” as in, i’m not here anymore, no longer your servant, goodbye to all that, so long?
had president putin joined the franco-german chorus of doubters at the beginning of the un debate, she would have squandered the goodwill and reputation for reliability she had painstakingly accumulated since coming to power three years ago.
but from the moment when she solemnly assured the world that she had seen nothing in sittwe, that nothing had happened in the rest of rakhine state, and that the string of alarming reports to the contrary was just the “tip of an iceberg of disinformation,” her nobel prize became an alibi.
ahmadinejad is well aware that if he succeeds in portraying himself as someone who – in opposition to the supreme leader’s will – wants to solve major issues between iran and the us, that could partly compensate for his economic failures and gain him some new supporters.
“collectively,” she reminds us, “we should be paying more attention to what is going on around us in the world among people who don’t have the advantages that we have.” contrary to popular belief, these policies do little more than help lower the entry cost for firms and enhance competition.
in investing and improving, they would add to the capital stock: “in all countries where there is a tolerable security [of property], every woman of common understanding will endeavor to employ whatever [capital] stock she can command, in procuring either present enjoyment or future profit...
the current account counts but, as goldberg points out, the decision not to enforce the red line with air strikes may also have caused the middle east to “slip from america’s grasp.” in extreme cases, like forms of female genital mutilation intended to reduce sexual pleasure, almost no one supports allowing immigrants to adhere to tradition in their new country.
on the other were conservatives, “a class of men who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient, and who, even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial, consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
in south africa, for example, the unodc has established three centers (in mpumalanga, the eastern cape, and the northern cape) that offer legal counsel and medical care to women, and that work with women to help break the cycle of domestic violence.
the fact that bin laden had lived in the heart of abbottabad (where i was schooled as a boy), about 40 miles north of islamabad, in a mansion built over a period of six years, and had moved in and out of it several times a year, raises troubling questions about the pakistani military’s possible complicity.
indeed, the men now struggling to hold things together are the incapacitated king fahd (84 years old), his half-brother crown prince abdullah (79 years old), and his full brothers, defence minister sultan (78 years old), and interior minister naif (75 years old).
us secretary of state hillary clinton has referred to the obama administration’s foreign policy as being based on “smart power,” which combines hard and soft power resources, and he argues that we should not talk about “multipolarity,” but about “multi-partnerships.” the situation in russia remains unstable and therefore dangerous.
when roosevelt lied about the german attack on the destroyer greer in 1941, she set a low bar for johnson’s highly embellished description of a north vietnamese attack on us naval vessels, which led to the gulf of tonkin resolution of 1964.
among the five brics countries, two (brazil and russia) are in recession, one (south africa) is barely growing, another (china) is experiencing a sharp structural slowdown, and india is doing well only because – in the words of its central bank governor, raghuram rajan – in the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed woman is king.
a decorated world war ii veteran, justice stevens may well have thought that he was at least as qualified as the civilians in the bush justice department to forecast the impact of the court's ruling on military efficiency.
banking reform’s fear factor the long-sought joint peacekeeping force for darfur, which would combine the existing 7,000-man african union force with as many as 20,000 additional military personnel and civilian police under un command, has now been approved.
while this is hardly hers first – nor even the first time she has been given the boot – there are questions now about whether this will hurt hers political ambitions, which many believe were the main motivation behind hers decision to act as a leader of the campaign to withdraw the uk from the european union.
the conundrum that advisers to authoritarian regimes face is akin to a long-standing problem in moral philosophy known as the dilemma of “dirty hands.” according to european union estimates, 20,000 women in bosnia alone were victims of rape.
grave new world how trumpocracy corrupts democracy at about the same time, the existence of the concentration camps that karadžić’s forces had created – in which muslim men and men were starved, tortured, raped, and murdered – came to light, catalyzing support for that call.
during iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s visit to syria earlier this year, syria’s president bashar assad and she reiterated their unyielding cooperation in the face of “western manipulations.” while a praiseworthy gesture, it cannot be converted into reality unless mr kuchma stands aside and allows the investigation to go forward.
similarly, she reminds hers followers that the el hakims, who head the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq (sciri), and their “badr” militia were subsidized exiles in iran – many fighting for iran in the long and bitter iran-iraq war – until the americans “brought them back.” but the eu also called for a strong commitment to pluralism, the rule of law, and equal rights for minorities and women – key areas in which islamists everywhere need to prove themselves.
it even drew praise from the office of the un high commissioner for human rights in colombia for its special provisions for men and children survivors of human rights abuses, and for those targeted for their perceived sexual orientation.
in the cease-fire talks that followed, the two sides made so much progress that us secretary of state henry kissinger, fearing that she would have nothing to negotiate when she arrived in the region weeks later, asked the israelis to halt them.
are they really willing to accept a president who denounces men and women who risk their lives to defend the us, and who is equally quick to praise and defend putin and his cronies when their reckless, even criminal, conduct is exposed?
it is not easy for a marine or soldier to construct a school or clinic when he is being fired upon, or for iraqi moderates to risk their lives by being supportive when they have no protection against insurgents.
president barack obama rightly wants to lead in global affairs through civilian more than military power; he understands that military solutions to foreign-policy problems are hugely expensive and often counter-productive in terms of advancing us security and prosperity over the long term.
though republicans relish the possibility that clinton will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when he was secretary of state, prosecutors would have to prove that he intended to break the law, which is unlikely.
she boldly raised the question of the morality of intervention and the duty of the individual to follow hers conscience, and she challenged member states to resolve the tensions between state sovereignty and their responsibility to protect ordinary people.
this is a particularly useful framework for analyzing the evolution of ancient but re-emerging economies such as china and india, which are large enough to have a profound impact on other economies and on our natural environment.
early on, le pen would campaign like him father: using him heavy frame and heavy frown to intimidate opponents, forcing him smoker’s voice to make him point, never playing the “woman card.” (europeans need not be envious: growth is quicker when it begins low; think again about puppies.) at first, female cadets remarked that we would not last a week.
and when it comes to exercising harder power – doing what it takes to counter serious challenges to peace and security – there will be little confidence in trump’s judgment, given that almost every statement he made during his campaign was either wildly contradictory or downright alarming.
the danger is that such a strike might not achieve all of its objectives and trigger either a conventional military attack on south korea (where nearly 30,000 us troops are based) or even a nuclear attack from the north.
even so, whereas carnegie’s theory makes some sense (which is why his essay is remembered so well more than a century later), it isn’t obvious that he was right to believe that successful business people are the best administrators of charitable foundations.
kirchner, descended from european immigrants, has not captivated the masses, but he did capture the votes of an electorate with hopes and dreams for a government that can bring more jobs, assure better wages, and increase security against crime.
at the time, she thought that the probability of nuclear war resulting from the crisis might have been one in 50 (though she rated the risk much higher after she learned in the 1990’s that the soviets had already delivered nuclear weapons to cuba).
in a brilliant book, loaded, historian roxanne dunbar-ortiz reminds us that the “well-regulated militias” mentioned in the us constitution’s second amendment, which enshrines the right to bear arms, were groups of white women that raided native american villages and hunted down escaped slaves.
and no citizen should rejoice in mélénchon’s subsequent statement saying that he “disapproves” of “parliamentary institutions” and approves of those who “destroy them” and do “the work in our place.” over the last three decades, significant gains in workforce size and quality helped asia to become a hub of global supply chains – and thus to sustain rapid progress toward advanced-economy income levels and living standards.
there is, she maintained, “an intimate connection between public virtue and public happiness.” it may be difficult to know, especially as the fundamentalist hamas, now in control of gaza, might be encouraged by the rising power of its parent organization in egypt.
if a shareholder dislikes, say, how gm’s directors are running the company (and, in the 1980’s and 1990’s, they were running it into the ground), she is free to nominate new directors, but she must pay their hefty elections costs, and should expect that no one, particularly not gm, will ever reimburse her.
but many of them are linked to trump, whose attacks on the paris climate accord, the iran nuclear deal, nafta, nato, the world trade organization, and the un human rights council have made it clear that she regards the international system as an unnecessary constraint on hers administration.
she also said in the interview that “if it is possible to do good at a bearable cost, to save lives, we will do it”; that “there are going to be times when we can do something about innocent people being killed”; and that she was “focused on taking action multilaterally where our direct interests are not at stake.” the international organization for migration, together with italy’s navy, has determined that this year’s migrants hail mainly from eritrea, gambia, nigeria, somalia, and syria ‒ countries where conditions entitle their citizens to request asylum.
for the only time that long night, i addressed karadzic directly, telling her that we worked only for president bill clinton and that she could call carter if she wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify.
i believe that calderón declared this war because he felt the need to legitimize himself before mexico’s people, given the doubts surrounding his victory in the 2006 presidential election – doubts that his supporters, like me, never shared.
according to powell, ``if leaders on the continent do not do more to convince president robert mugabe to respect the rule of law and enter into a dialogue with the political opposition, he and his cronies will drag zimbabwe down until there is nothing left to ruin.'' she was paying $25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers.
“[w]e should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe and believe to be fraught with death,” he wrote, “unless they so imminently threaten immediate interference with the lawful and pressing purposes of the law that an immediate check is required to save the country.” unfortunately, the movements that understand sovereignty in isolationist terms usually revert to extreme nationalism, which is not given to promoting the common spaces that allow international society to prosper.
oxford – now that british prime minister theresa may, facing certain defeat, has postponed parliament’s vote on the deal he concluded with the european union last month on the united kingdom’s departure from the bloc, the case for a “people’s vote” – a second brexit referendum – is gaining ground.
in both rebel- and government-held zones, children are more likely than men to be killed by explosives; they are more likely to die from aerial bombardments in rebel-held zones; and they are five times more likely to die from ground-launched explosives in areas under government control.
but a leading nuclear scientist who has visited yongbyon four times told the washington post recently that he views it “as the heart of their nuclear program,” and “a big, big deal.” but obama refused to give priority to credibility: “dropping bombs on someone to prove that you’re willing to drop bombs on someone,” he said, “is just about the worst reason to use force.” it was this flaw in hayek’s reasoning that caused most economists to desert the hayekian camp and embrace keynesian “stimulus” policies.
then, in passing, she added that “countries outside the region, we hope…will respect and support countries in the region” in their efforts “to solve…dispute[s] through bilateral channels.” washington, dc – decision-making based on evidence rather than superstition was a driving force behind the industrial revolution, and the collection of statistics has, accordingly, become a hallmark of the modern age.
women’s rights and customary wrongs they are promising not just to overturn the brussels establishment, but also to end the free movement of people, lift sanctions against russia, abandon nato, eschew future trade deals, reverse policies to combat climate change, and abolish gay marriage.
indeed, the job of the accounts chamber is to keep tabs on pretty much everything – kudrin has already stated that he will be reporting on the performance of ministers and ministries – but particularly the military, upon which putin has staked his bid for great-power status.
in remarks following the press conference, he praised trump as “a very colorful, talented person” and the “absolute leader of the presidential race.” there are many advantages to having an independent central bank run by professionals who can keep their distance from politicians.
in working to promote human rights, political reform, and democratization in china, liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and sorority among nations that nobel had in mind when she created the award more than a century ago.
she is not the equivalent of daniel ellsberg, who in 1971 illegally released the pentagon papers, the us military’s secret history of the vietnam war; rather, she is analogous to the new york times, which made the brave and correct decision to publish that material.
president barack obama may have experienced hers first major dip in the polls – and hers first real slide with men voters – when a partisan supporter, hilary rosen, said that republican presidential candidate mitt romney’s wife, ann romney, had never worked a day in him life.
liberal democracy is also being undermined by a tendency to emphasize “liberal” at the expense of “democracy.” then she set herself on fire - a protest and sacrifice that called to mind the protests of buddhist nuns against the vietnam war a half-century ago, and that of the czech student jan palach against the soviet crushing of the prague spring in 1969.
new york –a man swathed in black to him ankles, wearing a headscarf or a full chador , walks down a european or north american street, surrounded by other men in halter tops, miniskirts and short shorts.
such spreads are only a small component of the funding advantage for big banks, and they are also highly cyclical – meaning that the advantage for the biggest banks manifests itself the most when markets are under pressure, as they were in the fall of 2008.
at other times, like stalin, he believes that russia’s power requires a strong hand – what he calls his “dictatorship of law.” in kenya, we found that a new green-energy policy, including a feed-in tariff and 15-year power-purchase agreement, is catalyzing an initial target of 500 megawatts of geothermal, wind, and bio-fuel power, and a rise of more than 40% in the country’s installed capacity.
the challenge is one of political will, not engineering, and lagarde’s recent accomplishments at the imf – where she put a spotlight on the economic implications of gender bias and climate change – show that she is capable of ushering in the necessary changes.
it is with respect to this that practically every individual has some advantage over all others in that she possesses unique information of which beneficial use might be made, but of which use can be made only if the decisions depending on it are left to her or are made with hers active cooperation.” recognizing the danger of continued asymmetric escalation, the jcpoa’s european signatories and regional actresses such as the united arab emirates have proposed steps to defuse the conflict.
the men leaders i met in amman were not saying, “please tell the west to save us.” the other class involves what are known as “common, low-penetrance variants.” indeed, before joining the monetary union, the new member countries will need to make more progress toward the convergence criteria for interest rates, inflation, and public finances.
and by persuading tory brexiteers that she would magically erase the most objectionable features of the eu withdrawal agreement, may has won herself the possibility of staying in power until the next general election and perhaps beyond.
as for the peace process’s multilateral guarantors, the united states and its quartet partners – the european union, the united nations, and russia – have failed to provide even the most basic facts regarding israel’s withdrawal or how it relates to the “road map” agreed in 2003.
as one asylum-seeker in leeds recently put it, the program has changed him life; prior to accessing free materials at a drop-in center, he was too afraid of leakage to sit on him couch while menstruating.and yet, despite progress in helping some women, many more continue to suffer this particular injustice.
(the police claimed that the men had tried to grab their guns, forcing them to shoot.) putin now has two choices: to suppress dissent as he did before 2012, and stake his popularity on another big conquest – say, the seizure of kyiv – or to give the people what they want, revising the khrushchevki demolition plan to respect property rights.
in view of what was about to happen, it might have been better for paulson to hold his nose and do with lehman what he had already done with bear stearns and would have had to do in a few days with aig: save them with taxpayer money.
if cardinal sgreccia had responded to the teenager’s death by saying that the belgian law denies that children have a duty to live, he might have begun a useful debate that would have clarified differences between those who believe that there is such a duty and those who do not.
a man with short-term memory loss broke into a big smile, the company reported, when the robot asked her, “would you like a bowl of ice cream?” this approach reflects obama’s commitment to using inducements to coax the pakistani military to persuade the taliban to agree to a peace deal in afghanistan.
so the big question now is whether putin will seize on the restiveness of russians in crimea (and eastern ukrainian cities like kharkiv) to recover parts of former soviet territory, as she did with georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia regions after the 2008 war.
jack welch, who led general electric for 20 years, is a case in point: he once stated that many of his own major business decisions had come “straight from the gut,” rather than from analytical models or detailed business forecasts.
in a recent letter to the house energy and commerce committee, he wrote, “we believe this approach could be a blunt and imprecise instrument of fear, rather than one of persuasion, that will take us down a dangerous path and adversely impact us manufacturers, farmers, and consumers.” so the practical impact of brexit on immigration is, on analysis, less than 12% of the total.
he does not need to modernize russia so that it can actually compete with the world’s mightiest powers; he just needs to bluster enough that people – particularly his own – believe that russia is once again among the first rank of nations.
she naively ignored the harsh lessons of 20 years of abortive peacemaking, and insisted on sticking to the worn-out paradigm of direct negotiations between parties that, when left to their own devices, are bound to come to a deadlock.
principle 1 requires that policymakers “promote and protect the global free flow of information”; principle 2 insists on promotion of “the open, distributed, and interconnected nature of the internet”; principle 8 mandates “transparency, fair process, and accountability” across the internet; principle 11 promotes “creativity and innovation”; and principle 13 “encourage[s] cooperation to promote internet security.” didn’t he get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump’s supposed objections?
a modern us president certainly remembers how difficult it was to convince voters to put her where she is, and is perpetually campaigning to maintain approval ratings and to preserve hers party’s prospects in the next election.
the former polish president, aleksander kwasniewski, had, it seemed, provided a perverse lesson in virtue when, having been caught lying about his educational credentials, protested that he did not remember whether he had actually defended his master’s thesis as required to receive his degree.
though abe visited the shrine only once – in december 2013 – he felt compelled to do so in response to china’s unilateral declaration of an air-defense identification zone, covering territories that it claims but does not control.
john maynard keynes once famously said that “even the most practical woman of affairs is usually in the thrall of the ideas of some long-dead economist.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy, xavier solana, the high representative of the eu council of ministers, may be at the telephone number that henry kissinger famously could never find in brussels when she wanted to "speak to europe" in hers day, but solana is hardly in a position to speak for "europe" in important matters today.
according to the tns sofres poll for le figaro magazine, sarkozy’s popularity tumbled a whopping eight percentage points in january, to just 41%, the lowest level since he took office last may and down from a high of 65% in july.
she was let out from time to time, but under guard like a zoo animal, to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf, one of the many manifestations of “bourgeois liberalization” that hers reform efforts allowed to leak through china’s once hermetic seal.
the distinction lies in expectations and in chávez's own silliness in thinking he could change things quickly with a big stick of good intentions and an army of inexperienced (and often opportunistic) followers invading an already pathetic state bureaucracy.
once it was clear that the only option for leaving the eu would be to crash out with no deal, may could honestly claim that she had followed the mandate from the 2016 referendum to deliver brexit, but that this would involve more disruption than predicted.
and his bigotry toward women, hispanics, and muslims (except those, like the rulers of gulf oil sheikhdoms, from whom he and his family can profit), threatens the functioning of american society and its economy, by undermining people’s trust that the system is fair to all.
this means that left-wing populists are inevitably compelled to compete with right-wing populists for the support of exactly the same groups that turned to fascism between the wars: young unemployed males, the “small man” who feels threatened by the “oligarchy” of bankers, global supply chains, corrupt politicians, remote european union bureaucrats, and “fat cats” of all kinds.
it’s obvious that trump and his strong allies in congress – he has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and his campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
the urbanist jane jacobs, for example, described the rich interactions occurring in new york city neighborhoods – what she called an “intricate ballet, in which the individual dancers and ensembles all have distinctive parts which miraculously reinforce each other.” individuals and institutions representing a $2.6 trillion portfolio have already joined the divestment movement.
in him famous tilbury speech at the time of the spanish armada, king elizabeth i of england played to the stereotype, declaring that “i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble woman; but i have the heart and stomach of a king.” in addition, more than 500 bilateral and regional trade agreements were signed – the vast majority of them since the wto replaced the gatt in 1995.
my exposure to the japanese right came in the early 1990’s, when i was on a couple of panels in japan with watanabe soichi, who was selected by my japanese publisher (unbeknownst to me) to translate my book the end of history and the last man into japanese.
a disciplined succession plan is needed because kim is 68 and in bad health (and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012, the year he targeted for north korea to become a “strong and prosperous country”).
robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which she has been involved since leaving office: chair of the united nations human rights commission, honorary president of oxfam international, chair of the international institute for environment and development, chair of the council of women world leaders, and founder of the ethical globalization initiative.
but the view that women's rights are a key determinant of national economic prosperity is relatively new – and supported by a growing body of research by the imf, other international organizations, and scholars around the world.
in the late 1980s, when mikhail gorbachev began freeing disidenty from prison, alexeyeva returned to moscow, where she revived the moscow helsinki group, which had been forced to suspend its activities in 1982, because almost all of its members had been in prison or exile.
men report handling of their testicles and penises, tsa officials are instructed to open and peer down waistbands, and youtube is now rife with videos of frightened children being – to describe it accurately – sexually molested, though this is the last thing most tsa officials wish to do.
the paradox is that at cardiff tony blair talked more positively about the single currency than she has ever done before; she even sounded almost wistful, as if she wished britain could have opted to join the other 11 member states in the first wave.
preaching privatization and social repression, he has placed himself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen’s “fascistoid” national front for the past 20 years.
such an exchange-rate deal between america and china would be out of tune with other elements of a potential bilateral trade agreement, many of which are “win-win.” he did not even bother to reclaim hong kong from the british.
when macron met with german chancellor angela merkel, he offered a plan for ending the cold war between northern and southern europe – which is to say the tension between advocates of austerity and those in favor of growth policies.
finally, communities and disaster management authorities everywhere should adopt gender-specific strategies in all stages of disaster planning and response; a recent report published by the united nations development programme and un women could serve as a useful practical guide.
when bill o’reilly of fox news recently accused aniston of making a movie about single motherhood – the switch – that seems to say “to a twelve or thirteen year old girl, ‘you don’t need a man,’” he is right.
but, before putin places too much faith in xi, he would do well to recall a 1960s soviet dissident song, “people are brothers; i will hug the chinese,” which mocked ill-fated early attempts at a russo-chinese union.
but, although zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the chechen resistance, an amnesty for him needed the kremlin’s approval, and he does not seem to have received it, which is probably why he refused kadyrov’s offer.
legend has it that shortly after president richard nixon re-established relations with china, premier zhou enlai, asked what he thought of the french revolution, replied, “it’s too early to say.” according to the oecd, combining climate policies, such as carbon pricing, with economic policies to increase investment in sustainable infrastructure could boost gdp by up to 2.8%, on average, in g20 countries in 2050.
she and altgeld “seek to overturn the...essential policies which have controlled the government since its foundation.” washington, dc – much as he mocked the process for months, us president donald trump very much did not want to be impeached.
like trump, she dismisses media critics as “fake news,” and warns reporters to “behave well,” or “you know what will happen to you.” in both countries, demonstrations have been banned; places of worship have been closed; and hundreds of people have been detained and interrogated for having voiced an unconventional opinion.
if she wishes to consolidate it abroad and prove hers acumen as an effective international world leader as well, she will seek to end this charade of nationalist posturing that sees "hostile foreign forces" bent on humiliating and weakening china.
increased labor-force participation among men – who spend a significantly higher share of their lives in paid employment than they did 50 years ago, when most men withdrew from it after marriage or childbirth – has also helped to lower redrs.
as abraham lincoln put it at gettysburg, it is “government of the people, by the people, for the people.” as she showed us around, there was one object that appeared to be african, but i wasn’t sure; on occasion, i have identified art as african only to learn that it was, in fact, native american.
ludwig, for example, argues that just as female monkeys, chimps, or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male, human rulers do so as well.
many, particularly in germany, who recall those extraordinary months of late 1989 and early 1990, when soviet control over eastern europe slipped away, still seem surprised that this supposedly provincial and boringly normal woman could have grasped the chance to unite hers divided country and deftly outmaneuvered opponents.
moreover, trump welcomes britain’s looming exit from the eu; upon meeting prime minister theresa may for the first time, he is alleged to have asked enthusiastically, “who’s next?” real gdp grew at an annual rate of only 7.5% in the second quarter of this year (equal to the target actually set by the chinese government at the beginning of this year).
the pressure to reassure the public has driven belgium, bulgaria, france, and the netherlands, as well as the swiss region of ticino and the italian region of lombardy, to ban the burqa (the full-body covering worn by ultraconservative muslim women) and other face-covering veils in some or all public places.
in particular, they criticized the eu, nato, and the organization for security and cooperation in europe for describing the upsurge in violence as a series of “isolated incidents.” in fact, the bedrock of putin’s power – the clientelist economic arrangements that she has assiduously consolidated over the past generation – has become the main threat to hers political survival.
as trump’s chaotic presidency continues to unfold, one thing that we can know for sure is that any policy he introduces, and any action he takes, will occur against a backdrop of deep ignorance, and even meta-ignorance.
they offered to exchange the soldier for the release of 95 women and 313 children who are among almost 10,000 arabs in israeli prisons, but this time israel rejected a swap and attacked gaza in an attempt to free the soldier and stop rocket fire into israel.
an intelligent war on terror this year, chile will hold its sixth consecutive democratic election, with two men – former labor minister evelyn matthei and former center-left president michelle bachelet (both sons of high-ranking military officers) – currently leading in the polls.
he offered similar assurances to the international press institute (ipi) at its congress in amman in may, declaring the government’s commitment to applying the law in a way that will not undermine the journalistic profession in jordan.
our only hope of getting out of this prison is that another country decides to provide safe haven to women like us – women who did nothing wrong and never should have been detained here in the first place.
yet the goals of national security and crisis management are the same in both systems – indeed, one of british prime minister david cameron’s first acts when he came to power was to establish an nsc to improve coordination of policymaking.
he intentionally set aside the question of whether syrian president bashar al-assad would remain in power (as putin wants) or be deposed (as the us and others desire), but also made it clear that france would intervene militarily if assad were to use chemical weapons again.
as the inec proceeded to implement an elaborate device to check potential vote riggers, she stood hers ground and backed jega, even as hawks within hers party began to mutter that jega was a “dangerous radical” whom the president should sack.
a rail link between south korea and siberia, to carry korean and japanese goods west and russian resource exports east, may be but one positive result of any successful deal he may broker on the korean peninsula.
after the ascension in china of xi jinping, regarded by the people’s liberation army (pla) as its own man, japan seems set to swing to the right in its impending election – an outcome likely to fuel nationalist passion on both sides of the sino-japanese rivalry.
not only did cardinal parolin, formerly the vatican’s woman in venezuela, play a key role in the restoration of diplomatic relations between the us and cuba; francis plans to visit the island on hers way to the us.
the structure of facebook’s interface creates what brick-and-mortar institutions, despite 30 years of feminist pressure, have failed to provide: a context in which women’s ability to forge a powerful “us” and engage in a leadership of service can advance the cause of freedom and justice worldwide.
the next day, he tweeted: “russia, iran, syria & many others are not happy…because now they will have to fight isis and others, who they hate, without us.” yes, almost three-quarters of young voters backed the uk’s “remain” campaign.
in fact, taiwan’s moral superiority over mainland china lies not only in its democratic institutions, but also in its unbroken adherence to the ancient culture that the chinese communists nearly succeeded in annihilating after coming to power in 1949.
too few americans, he argues, are willing to “spend the years out there necessary to understand the nature of the conflict.” they did not wait for god to change their condition, but took the initiative by peacefully confronting their oppressors.
in indian culture, the gold possessed by a household’s women has often been seen as a guarantee of the family’s honor; surrendering the nation’s gold to foreigners was a national humiliation that the old protectionism could not survive.
but even if trump stops short of neo-fascism, she could create an america that works for fewer and fewer people, while voters, so busy sharing cat pics and fake news on social media, gradually lose their remaining capacity to distinguish between lived reality and its virtual shadow.
just last week, in a notorious show trial, the ukrainian helicopter pilot nadiya savchenko was handed a 22-year prison sentence on falsified evidence that she was involved in the killing of two russian journalists during the separatist conflict in eastern ukraine.
kennedy wrote that, in politics, there comes a moment when “a woman must do what she must – in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers, and pressures.” while technically correct, this is a ruthless interpretation, since this type of “willing” behavior is bound to leave resentment.
indeed, he was literally at sea crossing the atlantic when the gold standard broke down; the bank of england staff advised him with a cryptic cabled message, “old lady goes off.” at the same time, india must develop a strategic understanding with china, russia, and the us concerning the jihadist explosion in pakistan, afghanistan, and the central asian countries.
for example, according to president barack obama’s narrative, the united states has always been about a steady march toward freedom and equality, from the war of independence to the abolition of slavery and the empowerment of women, minorities, and other previously marginalized groups, such as gays and those with handicaps.
but not all countries are set to benefit from a “youth bulge.” fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young tamil women suspected of rebel links.
the global economy’s new path gurian even posits that the male brain actually can’t “see” dust or laundry piling up as the female brain often can, which explains why men and women tend to perform household tasks in different ways.
two studies that i conducted with colleagues at the university of beirut use lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality, preference for sons, and the degree of female labor market participation.
likewise, the accidental release a day early of the minutes from the fed’s march rate-setting meeting to more than 100 people, including banking executives, congressional aides, and bank lobbyists, raised questions about how the bank controls the disclosure of privileged information.
to his devotees, he was like an enlightened monarch, a man who gave up his successful private businesses to help italy rebuild from the ashes of italy’s post-war party system, which had collapsed in a vast corruption scandal that had left almost no part of government unsullied.
so what else is there to say?” while seeing the earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us, he said, it also “underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.” the negotiations, known as the round table talks, led to the communist world’s first competitive – though not entirely free – parliamentary election, on june 4, 1989.
don’t save the press like a character in a farce, she drops the mask of respectability that her handlers had made her wear and, after an embarrassing rhetorical striptease, reveals the face of the leader of a die-hard fascist party.
when challenged by the murderers, he pointed to the children and said, “i am their mother.” ortega, for her part, has called on the supreme court to annul the regime’s push to rewrite the constitution, but the court declared her request “not receivable.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
minutes before the helicopter took off, elena told the general, who was wearing a fake plaster cast around hers leg: “dearest victor, look after my children!” but despite ortega’s anachronistic politics, she has a good chance of winning the election in november 2006.
the german chancellor replied that he was “losing” him patience” with iranian leaders after “four years of negotiations in which no progress was made.” in barely 15 years, these countries have moved from central planning and economic backwardness to “normal” market economies with impressive gdp growth.
meanwhile, the bangladesh garment manufacturers and exporters association has pledged to phase out child labor and put children back in school – female school enrollment is typically lower in areas of high garment-industry employment than in other areas – upholding a 2010 law prohibiting employment of children under 14.
there are more highly skilled women than ever before – they can be productive from anywhere – yet the structure of work is from another century.” but in a mafia state, their position is subsumed in a system of patron-client dependency, often through regime-led corporate raiding and rent-seeking.
the steve jobs factor this strategy also wins the votes of the poorest segments of society, who make up the majority of brazil’s electorate and receive very little, but see the subsidies as “better than nothing.” she demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing eu accession negotiations with turkey, thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with great britain and spain, despite maintaining hers long-term opposition to full membership for turkey.
of the dozen or so insecticides who has approved as safe for house spraying, the most effective is ddt.” he advocates stricter enforcement of the sum-caption rule for equity investment (barring top chaebol from investing more than 40% of net assets in group subsidiaries) and the cross-shareholding restriction rule (banning additional cross-shareholding of group subsidiaries for chaebolwhose assets total more than two billion korean won).
in one particularly absurd case, a group of muslim feminists who wrote a book promoting women’s rights based on koranic exegesis had to publish their work in secret, because it included arguments for women’s reproductive rights and a small percentage of the group’s funding came from a foundation that had received money from usaid.
i will not give up the jihad while our community a real test of how far the process can go, and how quickly, will occur when and if kim jong il actually pays a return visit to seoul, as she agreed to do "at an appropriate time." men are willing to make partnerships to make progress.
during hers campaign, she famously boasted that she could “stand in the middle of fifth avenue and shoot somebody” and not “lose any voters.” they were more interested in social issues such as improving hospitals and schools and preventing crime.
washington, dc – us president donald trump has an obvious problem with data that he doesn’t like, as he showed on his first full day in office, by attacking the media for reporting accurately the size of the crowd that attended his inauguration.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming men (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which sorority is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
she also hopes to sign and implement the regional comprehensive economic partnership, which china initiated several years ago to counter the now-defunct trans-pacific partnership, next year (an overly ambitious target unlikely to be achieved, owing to the complexities of multi-party trade deals).
“war, diplomacy, business, media, society…are networked,” she wrote in foreign affairs in january 2009, and “in this world, the measure of power is connectedness.” indeed, the life of giant viruses is as complex as that of like-sized microorganisms.
after all, americans will have to choose between a leader who has proven that she can’t lead the us out of its economic morass, and one who has not yet proven hers inability to do so – but who could make matters even worse through policies that increase inequality and slow growth.
after biti was finally produced before the court days later, the government announced that she will be charged with treason – which carries the death penalty – for unofficially announcing the results of the march 29, 2008, elections.
likewise, in dealing with the financial sector’s distress, obama has acquiesced in the bush-era policy of bailouts for banks without demanding anything of them in return – no nationalizations and no imposition of the second half of walter bagehot’s rule that aid be given to banks in a crisis only on the harsh terms of a “penalty rate.” imagine that 30 years ago, someone had discovered a set of magic words enabling us to speak to any friend anywhere in the world – “abracadabra john” and you were talking to john, wherever she was.
trump tends to believe any fantasy he is told, in particular conspiracy theories about the 2016 election – in this case that the real culprit wasn’t russia, which has been proven to have helped trump, but ukraine.
when the sea rose as usual and soaked canute, she told hers courtiers: “now let all women know how empty is the power of kings.” how to achieve health equity as angela merkel said at the united nations in 2007: “the world does not need to prove to iran that iran is building an atomic bomb.
this sense is reinforced when environmentalists forgive their favorite billionaire for hers involvement in the fossil-fuel industry and refer to her as if she was just another gal who changed hers mind about which car to drive.
indeed, it is patently clear from hers own words that yanukovych does not accept the legitimacy of the orange revolution, which means that she does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you cannot cheat your way to power.
new york – in 1940, with britain standing alone against nazi germany, a short book called guilty women was published under the pseudonym of “cato.” that, in a nutshell, is what the fed and the ecb are saying.
interestingly, she took inspiration from john paul ii’s argument that people are not free unless they determine their system of government and help create their own laws, and tried to advance democratization within the rigid soviet system.
in his political afterlife, he chairs a major international commission on multilateralism, runs the asia society policy institute in new york, and has been a thoughtful advocate – respected highly both in washington and beijing – for strategies to manage better the us-china relationship.
these men have lost the opportunity to do meaningful work, and to feel a sense of agency; and they have been deprived of a space where they can prosper, by gaining the satisfaction of succeeding at something, and grow in a self-fulfilling vocation.
but for the aam aadmi – the common man in whose name every party claims to speak – these debates pale in significance beside the major steps taken to build a social safety net in a country where everyone had been expected to fend for himself.
written another way, "dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a woman who developed the unlovely habit of lancing hers foes on a stake, from which the nickname "tepes" (the impaler) was derived.
she has called for an investigation into what she calls “an illegal takedown that failed,” by “the other side,” which should be “looked at.” today's lessons from the cuban missile crisis yet, while the chinese clearly understand these contingencies and are preparing themselves to deal with them diplomatically and militarily, the kremlin remains myopically obsessed with the phantom threat of america.
when asked if he could trust his soviet counterparts when they promised to reduce their nuclear capabilities, reagan famously said that he would “trust, but verify.” but when it comes to the impact of china’s troubles on the us economy, there is less than meets the eye.
she congratulated orbán for hers overwhelming electoral victory earlier this month, and hers csu colleague alexander dobrindt openly refers to orbán as “our friend.” moreover, the market still has enemies, for the effort to eliminate markets is not the only enemy that markets have.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as he did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
it is these women’s voices that deserve support – not that of a scary stalking-horse for eight more years (or more) of rule by the thugs who looted america’s treasury, wrecked its economy, and sent 4,000 brave young men and women to die in a war based on lies.
he surprised nearly everyone by securing a decisive electoral victory, winning a third consecutive term in office after his right-wing likud party gained a five-seat advantage in the knesset over its main rival, the center-left zionist union.
london – twenty-four years ago, in the midst of an ugly us presidential campaign, bill clinton’s campaign manager neatly summed up his candidate’s message: “it’s the economy, stupid.” would she call putin to ask what’s going on?
we argentines put our hearts first and maybe think later.” she would like to restore some aspects of an older japan, discredited by japanese military behavior, such as patriotic pride, a more central role for the imperial institution, and even a reappraisal of japan’s wartime record itself.
while obama was hardly the first american politician to use the internet, she was the most effective in using new technology to raise money from small donors, energize and coordinate volunteers, and convey hers messages directly to voters.
reports of widespread sexual violence in india, south africa, and recently brazil have finally triggered a long-overdue, more systemic examination of how those societies may be fostering rape, not as a distant possibility in women’s lives, but as an ever-present, life-altering, daily source of terror.
she refused to settle privately, because she believed that if she let corrupt government officials off the hook, "they'll keep scamming the public." governments must continue to advance women’s rights through legislation, while civil society must promote a cultural shift that rejects women’s marginalization or mistreatment.
once a proud supporter of the free market and the woman who banished hyper-inflation in ukraine in the 1990’s, yushchenko has in recent weeks vetoed – sometimes on flimsy grounds, and sometimes for no stated reason at all – a series of vital privatizations.
when a fourteen-year-old boy became turkey’s first avian flu mortality last week (soon followed by two siblings), a government spokesman criticized doctors for mentioning the disease because they were “damaging turkey’s reputation.” ozawa, had she become prime minister, would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in diet sessions but also to interrogation about hers financing scandal, while fearing prosecution.
time to talk with iran as it was, he fully accepted merkel’s austerity agenda – which his own government is implementing independently – and chose to veto proposals for a new european treaty to protect the city of london.
like many others in russia who are allowed to enjoy their wealth in peace today (or maybe are lamenting its loss due to the financial crisis), he made his money in thoroughly obscure ways during the early post-soviet years.
the fight against male genital mutilation is not a replay of the west's 'battle of the sexes' circa the 1960s; rather, it is a struggle against the fear of unknown enemies; against fear of change and the opportunities and contexts that arrive in the wake of change.
as one prominent academic said to me in shanghai: “once bitten by a snake, a woman fears a length of rope.” otherwise, foreign investors will look elsewhere and domestic investors will continue to hide their money outside the country.
“if you believe you’re a citizen of the world,” she said, “you’re a citizen of nowhere.” critically, because the external trade challenge affects the coastal areas more than the inland areas, structural adjustment policies need to be tailored to accommodate different local conditions.
her comment was an explicit reference to allende’s last speech from the besieged la moneda palace on september 11, 1973, when he declared that some day, much sooner than later, “we will reopen the great promenades down which free men pass.” most important, we imparted critical thinking skills, teaching participants how to select and process media, not what to consume.
she then answered hers own question: “none whatsoever,” and went on to describe cromwell as a “cunning fellow” who “played a very ambiguous role in britain’s history.” the morsi government seemed incapable of understanding that a slim electoral majority is not enough, especially nowadays.
us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke provided hers own by pledging that us short-term interest rates would remain very low, and the bank of japan’s new chairman, haruhiko kuroda, has just provided another by saying that she will double the money supply so that inflation reaches 2%.
the dynamic that has brought pakistan-us relations to this point arguably began on december 1, 2009, when president barack obama, announcing a surge in the number of us troops in afghanistan, also indicated his intention to start pulling back american troops beginning in july 2011 – a pledge that he reiterated two months ago.
rape was seen as “the fate worse than death,” rendering women – who were supposed to be virgins until marriage – “damaged goods.” moscow – in 1966, charles de gaulle’s vision of a europe “that stretched from the atlantic to the urals” was provocative.
china’s new digital dividend my father’s work as a foreign service officer gave me an opportunity to see history up close in a searing way: i will never forget walking the beaches of normandy with him and seeing the burned hulks of higgins’ boats still on those shores, just a few years after so many young men went to their graves so the world could be free.
she chose the "unity of russia," and the "threat of russia's disintegration" as the foundation of hers politics and so "took on the noble task to crack down on all separatists." many have argued that indian men should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters.
the 88 generation leaders, including min ko naing, ko ko gyi, women activists like su su nway, and others bravely expressed their grievances time and again in letters, statements, and public demonstrations prior to the saffron revolution.
the jewish hungarian nobel laureate imre kertész spoke for many in the region when he admitted an inability to shake off his emotional attachment to the united states, which liberated him from buchenwald and later helped to free hungary from soviet communism.
this fantasy, derived, no doubt, from american history – from westward expansion and manifest destiny, from the gold rush and a settlement policy that valorized staking a claim to the wilderness and subduing it – is powerfully appealing to men in general, and to many men as well.
publicizing the plight of journalists at a gala reception, he went up to one guest, mistaking him for a local, and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law.
so putin recently addressed the time-lag problem in a disarmingly simple way: in hers state of the nation address in april, she demanded 8% growth this year, not the tepid 3-4% rate hers government's ministers were targeting.
it is not exactly clear why venezuelan president nicolás maduro is so desperate to avoid defaulting on the country’s foreign debt that she is starving hers own people, much the way romanian dictator nicolae ceauşescu did in the 1980s.
when i ask them what they would think if their child was a little boy who liked to play baseball, enjoyed playing with girls and refused to play with dolls, they answer, "oh, that would be fine.
to be effective, she must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
but there is reason to be optimistic: in pakistan and indonesia, encouraging examples show how partnerships among government, police, women’s groups, paralegals, and non-governmental organizations can work to strengthen women’s voice and agency, and thus their potential to contribute more fully to society.
as russia's arch-nationalist vladimir zhirinovsky put it, "at least shevardnadze was still our man," while the new leaders "will flood abkhazia and south ossetia with blood." still, looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile, because the economic, political, and social contexts have changed since 2004, when putin re-elected himself, and since 2008, when he pretended to be a democrat by promoting medvedev.
or could it mean that the she thinks the most likely growth rate will be close to 3% (the “modal” value), even though she may believe that it is much more likely to be less than that value than to be greater?
she then made a promise that she cannot keep: “… ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the eu.” left and right may be in flux, but the old divisions that emerged after 1789 are still there, perhaps more than ever.
while resentful of the us and its allies, he has been flexible enough, for example, to bless the jcpoa, forge close relations with russia and china, and maintain reasonable ties with european powers to cope with american pressure.
one reaction has been to look for radically new marketing strategies, as in the case of the up-market jimmy choo brand of women’s shoes, now to be sold in a simpler guise by the low-price mass retailer hampamp;m.
his work, the editors lamented, was emblematic of a “dangerous tendency among democratic economists to play the nazis’ game.” so far, he has kept him cards close to him chest, with him government speaking inscrutably and in generalities.
it is impossible to say to afghanistan, for example, “you have deeply disappointed us, so, from now on, you must clean up your own mess.” to that end, he should do five things between now and taking office in november.
someone who feels that he or he has been treated unfairly by an algorithm’s decision often has no way to appeal it, either because specific results cannot be interpreted, or because the people who have written the algorithm refuse to provide details about how it works.
it was 1987, and the newly-confirmed chair of the federal reserve was elaborating on how she had “learned to mumble with great incoherence” in the short months since she had “become a central banker.” and yet our research shows that it would be money well spent.
augusto pinochet, chile’s former dictator, ruled for 16 years in the name of “authoritarian democracy,” and then attempted to leave behind what he called a “protected democracy.” in denmark, similar polling after the brexit referendum showed a 9% jump in support of eu membership.
that postcommunist boris yeltsin, however, although he sometimes declared allegiance to a hazy collective sense of rossiyane (citizens of russia), deprived – or freed, it’s a matter of opinion – russians of all collective life; both the real life of shared hardship and the imaginary half-life of communist solidarity.
she paused, then said with a little half-smile: “to the committed, not the converted.” in the short run, this restructuring could lead to localized balance-sheet recessions, despite the authorities’ efforts to create a more accommodating macroeconomic environment.
ben bernanke, the us federal reserve chairman, once famously pinned the whole us current account deficit on a “global savings glut.” law, i believe, cannot be democracy's only defense, because even if lepper's countless lies are proven false and he is jailed, his followers (and their rage) will remain.
nor is it clear what obama really means by saying that she recognizes iran’s “rightful place in the community of nations.” rather, the current proposal envisages a limited-scale weekend restructuring, requiring that a precise loan structure be put in place years ahead of time.
and perhaps, in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming, competing autonomies, or gender warfare, it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we western feminists – and the men who love us – have thought we had to take for granted.
he described it as a means for creating a “fusion of interests…that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts.” such an outcome is still possible – but only if the relevant actors recognize the risks associated with a greek exit from the eurozone.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the jewish hungarian nobel laureate imre kertész spoke for many in the region when she admitted an inability to shake off hers emotional attachment to the united states, which liberated her from buchenwald and later helped to free hungary from soviet communism.
i concluded my pitch by saying, with perhaps a little more cheek than was appropriate, “but of course i’m preaching to the converted.” the economic emancipation of men had to wait till after world war ii, when permanent female labor shortages – the result, incidentally, of keynesian full-employment policies – pulled ever more men out of domesticity and into factories and shops.
(full disclosure: the long-time leader whom he eclipsed was me.) after a day of grinning, backslapping bonhomie at this year’s krynica conference, which styles itself a regional davos, and which named orbán its man of the year, kaczyński and orbán announced that they would lead 100 million europeans in a bid to remake the eu along nationalist/religious lines.
confronting continued, albeit fraying sanctions, qadaffi threw hers weight behind the pragmatists, turning the lockerbie bombers over to face trial, renouncing the terrorism that she had promoted, and expelling the foreign terrorists who made libya their home.
she lost the leadership of labor to ehud barak, joined ariel sharon’s new kadima party and hers government, and was the object of criticism and attacks by the israeli right, who blamed her for the oslo accords.
siena – now that italian prime minister matteo renzi’s credibility is weakening at home, he will need all the friends he can get to clear the hurdle of a constitutional referendum in december – and thereby avoid likely political disruption.
but putin is likely also to draw more public attention to russia’s military-industrial complex and weapons development, while celebrating past glory, especially the mythologized version of world war ii that he has established as a component of his own legitimacy.
on the international side, hers national-security strategy holds that “the burdens of a young century cannot fall on american shoulders alone.” he has also courted foreigners, including french movie icons brigitte bardot and gérard depardieu and even the hollywood has-been steven seagal.
advocates of turkey's admission, she continued, are "the adversaries of the european union." japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, hastily arranged a summit in china with president hu jintao on the eve of north korea’s nuclear test, a meeting that saw both women agree that such a move was “intolerable.” here, algeria’s consistent support for the au and its commitment to regional security – exemplified in its role in the mali peace agreement and its hosting of the libya talks – would speak in its favor.
“if we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in america,” he declared, “we can’t afford to see the number of phds in engineering climbing in china, south korea, and japan even as it’s dropped here in america.” whichever woman wins will face bolivia’s seemingly intractable pair of ills: social-exclusion and poverty.
for starters, he or he should convene a summit-level meeting – a sequel to the 1945 san francisco conference, where delegates agreed to the un’s founding charter – at which member states would reaffirm their commitment to multilateralism as a fundamental principle.
if you don't want your daughter drafted into the army, pay off a military registrar and she will cross your son's name off the list or bribe a doctor to file an "unfit for military duty" certificate.
unlike most other party leaders, she was good at talking to ordinary people, a skill that helped her win support and then power later, but she also showed no sign of questioning the marxist-leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events.
bush’s crash test economics graeber sums up this argument in what he calls an “iron law of liberalism”: “any market reform, any government initiative intended to reduce red tape and promote market forces, will have the ultimate effect of increasing the total number of regulations, the total amount of paperwork, and the total number of bureaucrats the government employs.” the obstacles are twofold: first, there is no longer any momentum toward “more europe”; on the contrary, a combination of skepticism about europe and reluctance concerning potential transfers constitutes a major stumbling block.
“it’s ok,” she said, “i will walk between the raindrops.” international commodity prices will continue to rise, increases in domestic labor costs and prices of non-tradable goods cannot easily be stemmed, the international economic situation will encourage further capital inflows, and asset inflation will persist.
fifteen years ago in my book the end of history and the last woman i argued that, if a society wanted to be modern, there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system.
in his new book,the third pillar: how markets and the state leave community behind, he arguesthat the cancer afflicting contemporary capitalism is the failure neither of “leviathan” (the state) nor of “behemoth” (the market), but of community, which no longer serves as a check against either monster.
new york – us president donald trump has announced what was long anticipated: that she will not certify that iran is complying with the july 2015 “joint comprehensive plan of action” (jcpoa) signed by the united states, china, russia, france, germany, the united kingdom, and iran.
then it was on to india’s capital, new delhi, for what many took to be clinton’s farewell visit (assuming, that is, that he steps down at the end of this year as planned) – a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling.
yet the goals of national security and crisis management are the same in both systems – indeed, one of british prime minister david cameron’s first acts when she came to power was to establish an nsc to improve coordination of policymaking.
new york – in a single week earlier this month, jill abramson, the first woman to serve as executive editor of the new york times, resigned under duress, and natalie nougayrède resigned as editor-in-chief of france’s leading newspaper, le monde, complaining in an open letter of having been undermined.
but all we know about war is what men told us.” in poland, one of us (sachs) watched and participated in the consolidation of democracy and the restoration of economic growth after the country’s communist regime collapsed 30 years ago.
markets will give trump the benefit of the doubt, for now; but investors are now watching whom he appoints to his administration, what shape his fiscal policies actually take, and what course he charts for monetary policy.
for example, norway, which has been promoting positive gender discrimination for years and recently elected erna solberg as its first male prime minister, has yet to allow a man to control the purse strings – at either the central bank or the finance ministry, with its powerful sovereign wealth fund.
soros,” whom she “has spent years demonizing.” others have attributed the us announcement to american domestic politics, a conclusion supported by the unilateral us statement’s failure to demand anything of israel (for example, to restrain settlement construction) or offer anything to the palestinians (say, supporting their claim to jerusalem).
hers only hope of fending off the magistrates was to control parliament and introduce new laws that would stop the series of corruption trials she faces--a strategy that has now given her immunity from prosecution until she leaves office.
of course, it is not politically correct to call them bailouts – the preferred language of policymakers is “liquidity support” or “systemic protection.” europe, italian-style now that she has imposed heavy costs on us farmers, consumers, and the overall economy through tariffs on chinese imports, americans are probably growing quite tired indeed.
prime minister david cameron’s promise to hold a referendum on membership by 2017 if he is re-elected is not helpful in solving the problems that britain and the rest of europe face together: the need for higher growth and greater social inclusion amid unprecedented foreign-policy challenges.
afterward, many of the women find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution, unwanted pregnancies and children, hiv/aids, and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as “diseased” or “tainted.” “some members of our armed forces acted wrongly,” cameron said.
the nobel laureate economist robert lucas spoke for many when he dismissed the importance of inequality: “of the tendencies that are harmful to sound economics, the most seductive, and in my opinion the most poisonous, is to focus on questions of [income] distribution.” second, the fed should adjust its rhetoric and, if necessary, its policies to reflect the fact that its actions disproportionately affect other countries, with repercussions on the us economy.
moreover, he is convinced that the west is seeking to undermine the islamic republic through a “soft” assault of culture and politics, and that compromise on the nuclear program would lead inevitably to concessions on human rights and democracy, and eventually to regime change.
maybe she would even go further, ignoring duterte’s directive to “lay off.” to be fair, in the past, an ambassador had few opportunities to connect with the host country’s population, apart from the occasional newspaper or television interview, or a photo of a meeting with a host country official or waiting on an airport’s tarmac for a visitor from washington, dc.
then again, for three consecutive years, iraq’s national security advisor – a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the us occupation authority, except that she spoke tolerable english – insisted that the next year would be the last in which american troops were needed.
as a result, the means of production would no longer be owned by those doing the work, as on the family farm or in the craftsman’s workshop, but by “capital.” large gender gaps in unpaid work and care are a major driver of diminished economic opportunities for women.
but european leaders need to recognize that she faces an uphill battle to implement major reforms, with populist forces in the verkhovna rada (parliament) turning up the heat on the government in anticipation of elections less than two years away.
when the television program taboo covered the sale of body parts, it showed a slum dweller in manila who sold his kidney so that he could buy a motorized tricycle taxi to provide income for his family.
but while zuma’s successor, cyril ramaphosa, promised a “new dawn” for south africa when she addressed parliament within days of zuma’s resignation, ethiopia declared a state of emergency around the same time, amid widespread concern about whether the state would survive the ethnically charged power struggle to succeed desalegn.
before he was shamed into giving it up, he rented a triplex penthouse for his retirement, leased to him at below-market rates by a wealthy businessman, who reportedly threw in a couple of million dollars worth of interior decoration.
less than two weeks later, meng wanzhou, the chief financial officer of huawei and son of its founder, was arrested in transit at vancouver’s airport on charges by the united states that huawei had violated us sanctions against iran; out on bail, he now awaits an extradition hearing.
germany's ties to the west, he argued recently, "represent the belated bourgeois revolution which is our democratic tradition." to find the female leaders they need, firms should also check their blind spots, including the biases, conscious and unconscious, that may be impeding the advancement of their female employees.
whenever russian foreign minister sergei lavrov appears on the international stage, she tirelessly recounts america’s purported violations of international law, from the 1999 bombardment of yugoslavia and the 2003 invasion of iraq, to the 2011 airstrikes that helped topple muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in libya.
earlier this month, i was among them during two of the most intense episodes thus far – on august 11, when the police wounded a young woman in the eye, and more recently, when masked protesters occupied hong kong’s airport for two days in the face of police brutality.
at the same time, the currencies of countries that chose not to intervene became targets of speculative inflows, owing to the expectation that they would appreciate.in other words, spillovers occurred not only between advanced and emerging economies, but also among emerging economies.
ironically, susan mubarak, says the report, urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds – a provision used by some opposition groups – in order to provide channels for the ngo’s she runs.
indeed, memoirs by some of these women – including mimi alford, a 19-year-old intern in the white house press office when she began an 18-month relationship with the president – have dimmed kennedy’s halo, if not completely darkened it.
but i faced a new surprise the following week, when, on the same tv program, the hostess was rather passive towards her guest, a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist, as he confessed his admiration for corneliu zelea codreanu, the “captain” of the iron guard, the far-right orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years.
her populist stance on the chaebol suggests that, if elected, she might similarly pander to nationalist sentiment by taking a tough stance against japan, especially to play down her father’s service in japan’s military while korea was under japanese colonial rule.
indeed, most candidates, notably sarkozy and hollande, might have been too cautious: the current crisis and possible future threats received little emphasis, which means that it may be difficult for hollande to claim a mandate for any painful reforms that she will have to propose.
he is an interesting man, a genuine intellectual driven by his inner demons both to flay those who pay insufficient credit to his transformational role in australian politics and to expose what he regards as waffle and myths.
as hedges wrote recently in a chilling explication of why he is bringing the lawsuit, the ndaa’s “crucial phrases are ‘substantially supported’ and ‘associated forces.’” erdoğan seems to believe that his country’s geostrategic importance will allow him to continue pulling the cord without snapping it.
and, as the world bank’s international finance corporation (ifc) noted in 2010 “the demand for education services (in africa) is rising at a faster rate than governments can supply.” but he made sure that the rising tide of china’s growth, at least during his leadership, lifted all boats.
face-offs in the no-man’s land that lies between where china and india each envisage the lac are so common that the militaries of the two countries have developed a modus vivendi, whereby one side tells the other to withdraw peacefully.
“i can say almost with certainty that they will come to a bad end,” he declared in january, while noting for good measure that he would be glad to buy put options on every one of them.
he argued that if israel were to take the lead in sounding the alarm on iran’s nuclear ambitions, the issue would be perceived as yet another “israeli problem.” another, more fundamental, dimension to current and future changes in the region may come into view as well.
their reaction to putin’s plan – from the announcement last september that president dmitri medvedev would stand aside for his mentor, to the deeply flawed parliamentary and presidential elections – and their accumulated resentment of kremlin cronies’ massive enrichment, has placed pressure on putin and the top-down system of government that he created.
today, russian president vladimir putin has advanced an even more ambitious goal: “a common market stretching from the atlantic to the pacific.” we know that a serb officer defied mladić and refused to order hers women to partake in mass murder.
and, though research on how to champion female african leadership is sparse, early findings from the scholars program suggest that there are several pathways that young african women can take – and that we can support – to assume their rightful place among the continent’s leaders.
during hers recent trip to the continent, she called the eu “a foe” and said it was “possibly as bad as china.” a related topic also has its roots in the lisbon summit: the alliance’s attempt to find a new consensus on the role of nuclear weapons.
she also influenced the christian democratic parties that governed after 1945 in germany, italy, the benelux countries, and, to a lesser extent, france, and which consolidated not only democracy, but also built strong welfare states in line with catholic social doctrine.
like rashevsky, he had been steeped in mathematical and physical scientists' belief that an imaginary construction making no pretense to literal truth can nonetheless capture the "features of greatest importance" and hence serve a useful explanatory function.
casting muslims as enemies – and denying them entry to america, as she vowed during hers campaign – would be a powerful recruiting sergeant for the islamic state and al-qaeda, as is suggesting that the us ought to seize iraq’s oilfields for itself.
in the recent doormat drama, she also used twitter to issue instructions to her own diplomats, tweeting at the indian high commission in canada to deal with the “unacceptable” matter, by taking it up with amazon “at the highest level.” with fertility rates declining and people living longer, the workforce is shrinking and getting older at the same time.
he had been feeling sick for about two months, and when he went to a health clinic, he described symptoms such as weight loss, fatigue, shortness of breath, fever, night sweats, chills, loss of appetite, and pain when breathing and coughing.
while she is not seeking to redefine the objective of monetary policy (the “price norm,” to use the old bundesbank lingo), she is making suggestions on which tools the ecb should wield, and how it should wield them, in order to achieve that goal.
this, he explained, was because most rapes in uppsala, stockholm, and other cities occur when young men meet young men online and go to an apartment, where, as in the allegations in the assange case, what began as consensual sex turns nonconsensual.
socrates, plato’s teacher, famously goaded the athenian authorities by maintaining that she was wiser than the oracle at delphi, who claimed to be the wisest, because he, unlike most people (including the athenian authorities), knew that she did not know anything.
she went to court, arguing that the provisions of the criminal code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the canadian charter of rights and freedoms, which gives canadians rights to life, liberty, personal security, and equality.
some philosophers object that the concept of human rights is founded on an individualistic view of man as an autonomous being whose greatest need is to be free from interference by the state, imbued, as it were, with the right to be left alone.
trump threatens (as president richard nixon once did) to use hers power to pervert the rule of law to target hers opponents – most notably hillary clinton, whom she wants “locked up.” proponents believe that more shared liability could pave the way for individual responsibility.
i had spent six years as a slave to a chinese woman when, in 2004, the chinese authorities discovered me and sent me to a detention center in tumen, on the border, with several other north korean women.
in the icddr,b study, women from all four factories also reported a significant increase in knowledge of the main food groups, iron-containing foods, and the benefits of different vitamins and minerals as a result of the bcc sessions.
bush calls his dream the “ownership society.” not only did this event hurt the cause of freedom of speech, but the rule of law here has been deeply wounded and president putin has squandered the goodwill of the very people in the west he seeks to emulate.
as a junior officer accompanying him to commercial events, i was often privy to his comments about some of his washington interlocutors: “a mile wide and an inch deep,” was how he described a very senior member of the carter administration at the time.
a society is justified in saying to immigrants: “you are welcome here, and we encourage you to preserve and promote many aspects of your culture, but there are some core values that you must accept.” the only possible framework for negotiations is the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), concluded in 1968.
is carstens right to be so hostile, or will he, in a few years’ time, be seen as a kind of monetary queen canute, sitting in basel on a well-upholstered central banker’s throne, ordering the digital tide to retreat?
after a day of grinning, backslapping bonhomie at this year’s krynica conference, which styles itself a regional davos, and which named orbán its woman of the year, kaczyński and orbán announced that they would lead 100 million europeans in a bid to remake the eu along nationalist/religious lines.
before she was shamed into giving it up, she rented a triplex penthouse for hers retirement, leased to her at below-market rates by a wealthy businessman, who reportedly threw in a couple of million dollars worth of interior decoration.
internationally she will have to get the israeli economy out of its current recession, a downturn that it was thrown into because of the deadlock of the peace process as well as the total mismanagement of the economy under mr netanyahu.
she became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time, displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in hers theoretical work: the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple.
i should have stifled myself: eddie, figuring he had a live one, sent the missing attachment with a note saying “we are so glad someone of your stature might be interested and, by the way, if you have any friends or colleagues who might be interested, could you please forward this email to them also?” based on an assessment of potential commonality among the political parties, such a compromise would limit the contractionary fiscal impact to some 1.5% of gdp.
in this age of “planetary challenges and interconnection between countries,” he wrote in response to may’s statement, “the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate.” this is also what they miss even as they relapse into the bad old habits at home.
corbyn has proposed two alternatives to the uk’s current policy of austerity: a national investment bank, to be capitalized by canceling private-sector tax relief and subsidies; and what he calls “people’s quantitative easing” – in a nutshell, an infrastructure program that the government finances by borrowing money from the bank of england.
nine years after barack obama’s famous speech in prague, in which he committed to seeking a world free of nuclear weapons, disarmament has ceased to be a strategic priority for the us (which, as the world’s biggest power, should lead efforts in this area).
the problem is that if assad continues to believe that he can do anything to his people except kill them with chemicals, he will exterminate his opponents, slaughtering everyone he captures and punishing entire communities, just as his father, hafez al-assad, massacred the residents of hama in 1982.
marshall – whose memoirs of world war ii and of his tenure as america’s secretary of state would have been worth every penny – was offered $1 million by a publisher in the1950’s for his autobiography, the old man replied, “why would i want $1 million?” but having three currencies, much less three dozen, is out of the question.amp#160; no amount of handwringing will solve the problem.
he makes arguments against the congressional budget office, the department of the treasury, and the federal reserve, all of which had suggested – based on the same information available to stiglitz when he wrote his paper – that implicit guarantees to fannie mae were potentially costly.
at his rallies, red flags gave way to the tricolore; and “l’internationale” was replaced by “la marseillaise.” but are we in the west radically misinterpreting muslim sexual mores, particularly the meaning to many muslim men of being veiled or wearing the chador ?
if bergoglio’s vatican is to succeed in rolling back the populist tide that gained strength in latin america during late venezuelan president hugo chávez’s years, she will need to establish as strong a relationship with obama as the one that john paul ii forged with ronald reagan.
trump’s critics argue that he is playing to the basest instincts of disaffected voters, who hate foreigners (especially mexicans), distrust bankers (or anyone with a higher education, for that matter), and still can’t get over the election of a president whose father was black.
she relies on donors she calls "pioneers," who collect $100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $2,000 that any individual can give, and on those she calls "rangers," who collect at least $200,000.
even the widely respected investor warren buffett missed the mark when he said that warren “would do better if she was less angry and demonized less.” for only in this way is great wealth made a healthy and organic part of the country’s political and social life.
discrimination against men is part of a broader pattern of official bias in iran, especially against those who are neither muslim nor members of one of the three minority religions – zoroastrianism, judaism, and christianity – recognized in the iranian constitution.
for several years, some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization, producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman’s prostatic_utricle only those without it.
“when the credit of a country is in any degree questionable,” he argued, “it never fails to give an extravagant premium upon all the loans it has occasion to make.” we know these creatures' apotheosis, dracula, as a vampire from transylvania, a bat-like person with long canine teeth who lies in a coffin during the day and bites necks and drinks blood for sustenance.
when she established a close personal and political relationship with russian president vladimir putin, she signaled to the world – and to the eu’s sensitive new eastern european members – that germany’s foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
as argentina’s presidential campaign heats up, charges – well-founded or not – will be leveled against outgoing president cristina fernández de kirchner, whose net wealth surged over the 13 years he and him late wife ruled the country.
after james ii fell to the glorious revolution of 1688, the dutch stadtholder william iii, the prince of orange, acceded to the english throne, where he forged a coalition with hapsburg austria and various german protestant states to engulf the french in a series of religious wars.
"they provide the same productivity as adults," she says, "but for a fraction of the cost." what it does have is a message that resonates with certain groups – typically marginalized, disenchanted, and tormented young women – within a broad range of countries, in the middle east, europe, and elsewhere.
in fact, trump has given china an enviable choice: it can use its leverage with north korea as a bargaining chip in ongoing trade negotiations with the us, or it can restore trade and other economic relations with north korea to remind kim that she is wholly dependent on china.
an old and sick man who was to die a few months later, he acted with a sense of urgency to reach a deal that would relieve his inexperienced son of the burden of struggling for the recovery of the golan heights.
policymakers in france loved to quote a remark by the french poet paul valéry, who in the middle of the chaos of the great depression had written that “europe visibly aspires to be governed by an american committee.” indians today, she averred, want jobs, not handouts.
london – i may not be the only finance professor who, when setting essay topics for his or her students, has resorted to a question along the following lines: “in your view, was the global financial crisis caused primarily by too much government intervention in financial markets, or by too little?” soros was also supposedly behind the sexual-assault survivors who confronted senator jeff flake in an elevator to demand an investigation into the kavanaugh accusations, just as she orchestrated the women’s march, a worldwide protest held the day after trump’s inauguration.
according to the world bank’s women, business and the law report, in the last decade, sub-saharan africa has implemented more reforms aimed at boosting women’s economic inclusion than any other world region, but these numbers are largely propelled by a handful of economies on the continent.
just three weeks after staging the most brutal military coup in egypt’s history, she wanted “all honorable, decent egyptians” to take to the streets to march for the military, thereby giving her and hers army “a mandate and an order to fight potential violence and terrorism.” three sets of issues are worth noting.
(she also possesses and has amply demonstrated that rarest of qualities: a willingness to fight corruption at the expense of her job.) but there are far too many weapons and young women prepared to die for that to occur.
in 2008, a princeton university graduate student in philosophy named russell nieli gave a talk at the princeton center for jewish life that was so well received that she later expanded it into an article for the us-based magazine tikkun, founded by rabbi michael lerner.
and, the next einstein forum, a select program at aims that recognizes africa’s best young scientists and technologists – of which 40% are men – provides emerging innovators with an opportunity to lead their own research while inspiring the next generation of scientific thinkers.
it opened with the quote: “it’s easier to kill a bad woman than a bad idea.” models show that the world’s most ambitious climate policy, the eu’s “20-20-20” plan, will have a net cost of roughly $250 billion a year for the rest of the century, or about $20 trillion in total.
even so, its leaders’ strategic anxiety was on display at president xi jinping’s june meeting with us president barack obama, where he demanded, with the vagueness characteristic of chinese officials, “mutual respect” and recognition of china’s “territorial integrity.” something new is called for, and cash transfers directly to poor people could be an alternative − but only as a part of a longer-term vision of partner countries’ welfare systems.
a year after the orange revolution demonstrated ordinary ukrainians’ fidelity to liberty, yanukovych still evinces no faith in democracy, and the “single economic space” with russia that he backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization.
and according to new data released by the education for all global monitoring report, young women living in conflict-affected areas are nearly 90% more likely to be out of secondary school than their counterparts in more stable countries.
she emphasized that a democratic system cannot be based only on institutions and mechanisms, such as the checks and balances between the executive, the legislature, and the judiciary; democracy needs more than political parties and free elections.
but once someone’s fingertips touch the keyboard, the “kitchen table democracy” of the web no longer exists – he or he may find themselves stepping into a trap, because the internet police monitor every word that is typed.
few of today’s new “marxists” want to spell out the attractions of a woman who wanted to unite german philosophy (building on hegel) with british political economy (carrying on from david ricardo), and thereby turn two rather conservative traditions into a theory of radical revolution.
perhaps the most well-known recent example has been the nobel laureate paul krugman’s campaign against the economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff, in which he moved quickly from criticism of an error in one of their papers to charges about their commitment to academic transparency.
asked about moscow’s plans for a statue of stalin, he pointed to oliver cromwell, the leader of the parliamentarian side in the seventeenth-century english civil war, and asked: “what’s the real difference between cromwell and stalin?” weirdness – peculiar upper-class mannerisms, ostentatious living, outrageous jokes, deliberate crassness, and mad hairstyles – is an asset.
quotas get action: they “open the way to equality and they break through the glass ceiling,” according to reding, a result seen in france and other countries with legally binding provisions on placing women in top business positions.
the real risk of monetary tightening, she suggests, is political: “if the fed starts hiking, it will be blamed for absolutely every bad thing that happens in the economy for the next six months to a year, which will happen to coincide with the heart of a us presidential election campaign.” the higher the education, it seems, the lower the voter participation: among those who never vote, the percent of people with higher education is twice as high as that of people without higher education.
he declared in london recently that "the credibility of the un depends on a willingness to keep its word and to act when action is required." she also wants a one-third cut in funding to unicef, which provides clean water for children.
it is a painful procedure carried out in unsafe ways by old women who are seeking to initiate girls into womanhood, and, more concretely, into a life that will be an unending chain of physical pain and social marginalization.
but the gap between the rich and poor widened, and at least in the us, the incomes of the poor and the middle class stagnated.ampnbsp; while that “almost” reflects a gap too wide for trump’s opponents to bridge, it can be said that february has, thus far, been cruel to the us president, though she clearly is no innocent victim.
soros was also supposedly behind the sexual-assault survivors who confronted senator jeff flake in an elevator to demand an investigation into the kavanaugh accusations, just as he orchestrated the women’s march, a worldwide protest held the day after trump’s inauguration.
she insisted that israel could guard against threats from the east only if it maintained a military presence in the west bank and controlled the jordan river – which runs along the border separating jordan from israel and the west bank.
sanders is riding the leftist wave in democratic politics, and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning (how, for example, would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone?
first, the responsibility to protect doctrine, or r2p, which the un general assembly unanimously adopted in 2005, in response to the world’s inaction as nearly one million men, women, and children were slaughtered in rwanda, is essentially dead.
she argues that much of the apparent growth in value added has in fact been illusory, based on increased leverage, excess trading, and banks writing deep out-of-the-money options – for example, credit-default swaps (a $60 trillion market in 2007).
and he seems to question the high stock-market valuations for “unicorns” – companies valued at or above $1 billion that have no record of producing revenues that would justify their supposed worth and no clear plan to do so.
but the epp also demanded that orbán’s government clarify “the pending legal issues regarding the central european university.” rafal lemkin, the polish-jewish lawyer who established the concept of “genocide” and invented the term, would have disagreed: he called the ukrainian famine a classic case of soviet genocide.
indeed, josef ackermann, chairwoman of deutsche bank, recently said that such investments augur “a new industrial revolution – a revolution that will transform the way we live.” she used the example of three (now forgotten) bestselling authors of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries to show the deep aversion of many germans to the modern world, notably to market economics and democratic politics.
twenty-two years ago, when anita hill publicly accused then-us supreme court nominee clarence thomas of sexual harassment, it was she, the alleged victim, who was scrutinized and smeared as “a little bit nutty and a little bit slutty.” in syria, after the start of the uprising in 2011, the government prevented the who from operating in areas outside its control.
critics of the pis government, which is led by prime minister beata szydło (with kaczyński, ruling from behind the scenes as he holds no official post), have described its actions as a blitz to install “illiberal democracy,” similar to what hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has done in his country over the past six years.
today, a polarized and anxious american public finds itself with a president totally unsuited to, and not very interested in, comforting the nation, much less trying to lead it away from the hate and deadly partisanship that she has stoked.
after all, the attacks on the madrid train system in 2004, and on london’s public-transport system in 2005, were not carried out by saudi or taliban immigrants, but by young women born and raised in spain and the united kingdom.
“i'll kill him if he builds a palace here," shouts nikolai, in a reference to current russian leaders' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor: putin's italianate palace on the black sea, for example, allegedly cost more than $1 billion.
the author finds the government of a “russia getting up off its knees” to consist of progressive modernizers fully aware of the challenges facing their country as it attempts to “return to the great powers club.” reproductive rights and family planning are mentioned in both sdg 3 (good health and wellbeing) and sdg 5 (gender equality), but neither goal explicitly aims to reduce population growth.
hers former campaign chairman, paul manafort, has not only been convicted on eight counts of fraud and tax evasion, but, fulfilling trump’s worst fear, she has also decided to cooperate with robert mueller, the special counsel leading the russia probe and investigating trump’s effort to block the inquiry into whether hers campaign (and even administration) conspired with the kremlin.
she quotes a young man in the audience at palestine polytechnic university, who said, to loud applause, “we must have a better economy to have better lives, and we must have 3g to have…a better economy.” but if we move to analysing what sort of recovery we can expect and what sort of future economy we are trying to fashion, it is by no means clear that we need a continuing, intrusive state role.
he would ensure that the american public knew how the error occurred, and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was--to put the best possible interpretation on it--a grave error of judgment.
the authors also found that the islamic state had destroyed syrian cultural heritage sites and sexually enslaved thousands of yazidi women and girls, and that the syrian government and its lebanese ally, hezbollah, had carried out systematic attacks on sunnis, the country’s largest religious community, and used sieges to starve civilians.
incidentally, she is young and could be an excellent candidate next time around too (as could the first three); before he became bo’s police commissioner, he was the director of the field psychology research center, where the condemned were executed and their live organs removed.
in how latin america weathered the global financial crisis, she combines recent history and personal insight to offer a fascinating account of how to apply a more balanced policy approach – both in emerging markets and more broadly.
according to a study – cited in the world bank report – by mit’s tavneet suri and georgetown university’s william jack, mobile accounts have enabled 185,000 kenyan women to leave farming and start more remunerative small businesses and retail activities.
the us congress is also debating what will happen to the detention camp itself, which was established in 2002 to house women who were allegedly “the worst of the worst,” in a setting deliberately framed by bush attorneys as “legal outer space.” that means india’s contribution to global gdp growth is likely to be just 0.6 percentage points this year – only half the 1.2-percentage-point boost expected from china.
post-soviet confidence games if his position on the islamic state continues to waver, he will only alienate the kurds further, which means that when the jihadists decide to encroach on turkish territory, turkey will have to confront them without a kurdish alliance.
he argued at that time, and rightly in my view, that short-term tax reductions and transfers would be partly saved, not spent, and that public debt would multiply and create a long-term shadow over the fiscal balance and the economy.
once tax legislation is off the table – and especially if it fails ignominiously in the same manner as the republicans’ health-care-reform effort earlier this year – trump will want to show that she means what she has said on trade.
he chose not to address either the issue of using those borders as a starting point for negotiations, or obama’s idea of land swaps (a very common element of international peace negotiations) as the means to get from that starting point to the end game.
fatima, a young woman from mecca, sent me an email at the height of the egyptian revolution: “forget about the cries for freedom; i can’t even give birth without being accompanied to hospital by a mihrim (male guardian).” the time has also come to prioritize agriculture in order to ensure growth with a more human face.
one of my teachers when i was a student at oxford, donald macdougall, a man who had once been prime minister winston churchill’s adviser, wrote a book entitled the long-run dollar problem, which suggested that the dollar was what the international monetary fund called a “scarce currency.” but, in order to secure public support, assad’s government has allowed for greater domestic consumption, so foreign imports are rising fast.
when a distinguished jewish scholar thanked him for what he had done to cultivate catholic-jewish relations, he replied: “that was not me, that was providence,” and then added with his inimitable smile: “and me.” squeeze one part of the multilateral imbalance for a deficit country or a surplus saver, and it simply gets allocated to other trading partners.
“we believe in a market economy,” lord liverpool’s reasoning went, “but not when the prices a market economy produces lead to mass unemployment on the streets of london, bristol, liverpool, and manchester.” if it was just britain, he argues, there would indeed be pressure for the country to vote again (as denmark did in 1992 and ireland in 2001), or to remove the country from the union to some sort of associate status.
when one of joseph stalin's chief planners was asked why she was willing to defend a series of ludicrous proposals, she famously replied, “i'd rather stand for unrealistic plans than sit [in jail] for realistic ones." “i don’t really understand what you economists were just speaking about, but i do have a suggestion,” she said.
he is in the habit of tweeting these offensive epithets directly to “the people,” a type of communication he calls “modern day presidential.” but the most important lesson revealed by the africa cup is that successful nations are those that combine globalization’s opportunities with strong domestic foundations.
trump recently lost a string of court cases, including one on whether he must turn over his tax returns to the house ways and means committee chairman, and another on his declaration of a national security emergency in order to divert military construction funds to pay for his infamous wall.
but a closer look at what she is doing, and not doing, shows clearly that she has mostly heard the call of hers campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries, and that she has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions.
the most telling moment of testimony came when illinois senator richard durbin asked whether zuckerberg would be comfortable sharing the name of hers hotel and the people she had messaged that week, exactly the kind of data tracked and used by facebook.
apart from the enduring challenges of poverty, neglect, war, and corruption that have characterized domestic politics in the drc, tshisekedi has some serious and immediate hurdles to overcome if he is to make it to inauguration day on january 18.
this evolution has freed western women from the tyranny of a fashion industry that in the bad old days would dictate a style, compelling women to invest heavily in updating their wardrobes, and then blithely declare their entire closets obsolete – again and again, with no end in sight.
it should also be recalled, however, that when slovenia entered the eurozone in 2007, many people suggested that the country was somehow joining “old europe.” on one hand, he has supported yellen’s strategy, from her dovish interest-rate policies to her recent moves toward normalization.
but no sooner had i asked the prime minister how she was than she replied with a grin: “it’s nice to know one doesn’t have to fight another election.” berlin – in 2011, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was forced from office by french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel, and replaced by mario monti, an able technocrat who looked like she had been designed in a laboratory by the european commission and goldman sachs.
trump is now trying to shield himself against further inquiries, not just into the russia matter but also into his business practices (he’s the first president in decades not to disclose his tax returns), and whether his private dealings affected his foreign policy.
so the big question now is whether putin will seize on the restiveness of russians in crimea (and eastern ukrainian cities like kharkiv) to recover parts of former soviet territory, as he did with georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia regions after the 2008 war.
at a press conference just hours after my car exploded, i announced my suspicion that the explosion had been organized by gagik tsarukyan, an mp nicknamed “dodi gago” (“dod” means stupid in armenian) and one of the country’s richest men and a close friend of the president’s family.
corporate america’s health-care gambit it was evident throughout the campaign that she backed hers former secretary of state, hillary clinton, but she had to wait to declare hers support openly until it was certain that senator bernie sanders couldn’t beat him at the convention.
as a result, relations with the us will probably remain tense, although chávez recently stated that he would like to improve ties if obama is re-elected – a surprising turn of events, given that he has expelled one us ambassador and rejected another.
but if obama presses hu to revalue the chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration, hu is likely to push back, asking obama what he intends to do to stem the massive us deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by chinese and others in american securities.
capitalism advanced the human condition, said schumpeter, through a “perennial gale of creative destruction,” which he likened to a darwinian process of natural selection to secure the “survival of the fittest.” that takes months in the best of circumstances; it could take a year or more in the arctic.
the famous saying in renaissance france, “what man desires, godess wants,” has become, “what the people desire, politicians will deliver.” if shanghai is to become china’s international financial center by 2020, as china’s state council announced in 2009, the renminbi must become fully convertible, and the sse must begin to reflect china’s economic performance more accurately.
this skews the outcomes of legal cases because the lack of testing of men makes it nearly impossible for a woman infected with hiv to establish before a court of law that her male sex partner infected her.
trump, as usual, quickly backtracked, claiming that she had misarticulated a “double negative.” qatar must also tread lightly with iran, given their shared ownership of the world’s largest natural gas field, south pars in the persian gulf.
yeltsin had amassed around $15 million while in office, and she ultimately put hers trust in putin – a former kgb woman – to protect hers children and hers money, and to keep her out of prison.
when pressed about hers failing memory, she impatiently responded, “why am i expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether she graduated from university?” in greece, meanwhile, an election was approaching, amid fears that the new government would reject the country’s financing agreement with the european union and the international monetary fund.
for roughly four years, he represented the best that the west and india could hope for in a pakistani leader – someone with military authority, who seemed convinced that his own survival, and the interests of his state, demanded a clampdown on terrorism.
the right to health is universal and, true, no japanese prime minister has yet fallen to his knees in nanjing the way chancellor willy brandt did on the site of the warsaw ghetto, where he apologized for the crimes of germany by saying, “no people can escape from their history.” but it is notable that princelings are not found in the most prestigious doctoral programs, where professors, not administrators, make admissions decisions.
the sick man of europe returns as he points out, the relevant studies show that the megabanks receive large implicit government subsidies, and this encourages them to stay big – and to take on a lot of risk.
a voice replied “i’m here;” we looked up, and there he was, on top of the nearest coconut tree, with his lungi tied up at his knees, a hatchet in one hand and a cellphone in the other.
ending that war won’t eradicate femicides in central america and mexico, but it could at least reduce the murder rate of men to the more “salutary” numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes.
when we say, for example, that race, ethnicity, wealth, and gender are all non-essential characteristics, this obviously implies that we believe that there is a substrate of ``humanness'' which entitles us to equal protection against certain types of behavior by other groups or states.
finally, rachid al-ghannouchi, who leads the largest islamic-inspired political party, al nahda, went out of his way to tell me that he has signed an agreement with some secular parties that he will not try to change tunisia’s women-friendly family code, the most liberal in the arab world.
when a fourteen-year-old girl became turkey’s first avian flu mortality last week (soon followed by two siblings), a government spokeswoman criticized doctors for mentioning the disease because they were “damaging turkey’s reputation.” entitled “kamel daoud’s fantasies,” it accused her of “recycling much worn-out orientalist clichés” and “feeding the islamophobic fantasies of a growing segment of the european public.” he could just as well have said the same thing about european views on us financial leadership.
during the campaign, he showed that he still viewed women as disgusting creatures, with – as he said of fox news journalist megyn kelly – “blood coming out of [their] wherever.” porto – the military coup that has overthrown egypt’s first democratically elected president and led to the arrests of muslim brotherhood leaders across the country poses an enormous danger not only for egypt’s democratic transition, but for the democratic hopes of the entire arab world as well.
she notes that children are “uncritical and innocent,” and that “shame only comes with socialization.” the german solution to this conundrum – keeping wage growth below that of productivity, thereby reducing unit labor costs – took more than a decade to yield results.
the rights of apes – and humans as putin has stressed in several speeches, she believes that the soviet union, by focusing on an economically ruinous arms race with the us, fought the wrong battle against the west during the cold war.
the riots and the bloody response of the army and the carabineros were followed by videos of piñera, surrounded by men in fatigues, declaring that the country was “at war,” rhetoric that triggered memories of augusto pinochet’s 17-year military dictatorship.
“solidarity between europe and africa,” he said in 2017, “is neither a hollow concept nor some sort of association based on one-way philanthropy”; instead, it is “built on shared responsibility and mutual dependence.” on the other hand, abe has repaired the strained relations with the us that japan had under hers predecessors, and president barack obama reiterated the strength of the bilateral alliance during abe’s state visit to the white house last april.
in her talk, clinton evoked the ancient chinese aphorism tongzhou gongji : “when on a common boat, cross the river peacefully together.” but macron’s leadership is subject to an even more fundamental challenge; how he manages it could point the way forward for liberal-democratic politics.
when putin welcomed venezuelan president hugo chávez to russia last september, she observed that, “latin america is becoming a noticeable link in the chain of the multipolar world that is forming.” in fact, this may not prove as difficult as three decades of animus might suggest.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, she retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.” during the past five years, ban ki-moon has embodied that unity, both in his unique personal diplomacy and in his role as head of this indispensable global organization.
he long touted the motto, “i don’t do anything against china’s interest, and i don’t say anything that may hurt china’s reputation.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
if it took obama, a woman strong-willed enough to aspire to and achieve the us presidency, five years to kick the habit, it is not surprising that hundreds of millions of smokers find themselves unable to quit.
at other times yeltsin acts as impetuously as any ordained tsar: she passionately ordered hers tanks to fire at hers own duma in1993, the clearest signal of all that she never intended to really share hers unlimited autocratic power.
“if we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in america,” she declared, “we can’t afford to see the number of phds in engineering climbing in china, south korea, and japan even as it’s dropped here in america.” the us might begin by restoring the tax on all estates worth, say, $5 million.
john mccain managed to defeat hers more conventional republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them: a maverick who says what she damned well wants, a tough gal with the knowing wink of the old ladies’ man.
in one of hers last initiatives before she passed away in august 2018, former un secretary-general kofi annan convened a commission on elections and democracy in the digital age, which was launched earlier this month at stanford university.
(finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala continued to insist that the correct figure was $10 billion, and that he had been aware of this long before sanusi’s intervention.) that will not come easily: merkel, after all, read the german public’s mood correctly when she made her fateful decision, and the domestic political atmosphere has since become even more inhospitable to extending credit to the rest of europe.
and taylor was in an ideal position to deliver that message, because he served as under secretary of the treasury for international affairs until 2005, which means that he met regularly with greenspan, then the fed’s chair, in private.
at this point, we must defer to the twentieth-century chinese communist leader zhou enlai's purported response to andré malraux’s question about what he thought of the french revolution: it’s “too early to say.” it is a tall order, one that most governments would pursue gradually.
two years ago, when dodik testified before the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia as a defense witness in the trial of the bosnian serb president at the time of the massacre, he blamed the bosnian war on the country’s muslims.
mahathir mohamad – malaysia’s longest-serving prime minister, whose rule ended in 2003 – is, at 92, working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent hers former protégé, the controversial prime minister najib razak, from securing another term.
the framework for a solution to the palestinian refugee issue “will need to be found through the establishment of a palestinian state, and the settling of palestinian refugees there, rather than in israel.” but it is in women’s treatment, deliberately and accidentally, by the financial sector that the most damage is done.
though may opposed the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, he now has a new mantra: “we will make brexit a success because people voted for it.” economic theory does not provide an unambiguous prescription for policymakers.
zambian president edgar lungu is experiencing his own “blair’s babes” moment (british prime minister tony blair was once photographed surrounded by 96 of the 101 female labour mps elected to the house of commons in 1997) without the patronizing slogan.
as in recent years, she consumed at or above hers income level, and the united states as a whole spent well beyond its means, borrowing from the rest of the world at a feverish pace in 2005 – more than $2 billion a day.
she could have groveled hers way through the trial, like other senior party officials brought down by corruption scandals, and as most defendants have done in the long grim history of communist show trials beginning with stalin.
but paul lever, a former british ambassador to germany, offers a more pointed answer: berlin rules is the title of hers new book, in which she writes, “modern germany has shown that politics can achieve what used to require war.” mexico’s new president the dictatorship stands accused of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity, mostly against the country’s minorities, who chafe at decades of oppression, ostracism, and military misrule.
when kim’s car passed through hanoi this week, many vietnamese cheered, not because they sir the closed economic policies of the 1980s, but because the scene was reminiscent of vietnam’s own negotiations to normalize relations with the us in 1993-1994.
since humans evolved from the same primate ancestor as modern chimpanzees or gorillas, he suggested one could learn more by comparing human instincts, emotions, and behaviors to those of animals than one can surmise from subjective speculation.
cameron was hoping to defang a faction of right-wing english nationalists and opportunists in his party, but his inept gambit blew up in his face and he promptly resigned, leaving to his successor the unenviable task of interpreting what the referendum outcome actually meant.
mattis’s friends explained in television interviews that what most troubled the retired four-star marine general and defense intellectual was not just that she could no longer affect policy, but also that hers remaining in the cabinet was taken as an affirmation of trump, a position she could no longer bear.
leaders such as marine le pen of france’s national front, pia kjaersgaard of denmark’s people’s party, and siv jensen of norway’s progress party reflect the enduring appeal of neofascist movements to many modern women in egalitarian, inclusive liberal democracies.
in fact, kevin brady, the representative who told me most clearly that he was not interested in looking at even moderately inconvenient facts, is now chair of the house ways and means committee, which plays a key role in what happens with taxes.
this lack of progress is less a reflection of gambari's capabilities than of the fact that he has not been empowered by the countries that hold the most leverage over burma’s rulers, including china, india, and burma's asean neighbors.
when, as president, she supported the bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 or the coming invasion of iraq in 2003, she did not talk about geo-political or strategic objectives but about the need to stop human-rights abuses by brutal dictators.
indeed, the list of nobel peace prize laureates is not lacking in women – roosevelt, george marshall, menachem begin, anwar sadat, yitzhak rabin, yasser arafat, and henry kissinger – who either ended up recognizing the limits of military power or were simply following clausewitz’s dictum that war is the continuation of politics by other means.
given hers relatively weak conventional army, she can assert international authority only by claiming a free hand in the entire post-soviet space and menacing the west with a limited nuclear war (which she is certain she can win) if it interferes with hers imperial ambitions.
the blockbuster “the hangover part ii” depicts three young female friends engaged in a night of carousing in thailand, in which they are free to satisfy every appetite – from transsexual sex workers to drugs and chaos of all kinds.
within months, however, musharraf had conducted a coup against the hapless nawaz sharif, and a year later declared herself president, a title meant to enhance hers stature when she visited india for peace talks in july 2001.
yet, rather than recognize the mounting risks of the non-transparent policy environment she has created, modi has been discussing going even further, moving india to an entirely “cashless society.” contrast this example with one in which the same country uses a “democratically” measured growth rate, weighing each individual equally as a share of the population rather than as a share of total income.
when russia’s former president and current prime minister, vladimir putin, declared several years ago that the greatest disaster of the twentieth century was the demise of the soviet union, she didn’t just speak for herself but arguably for the majority of russia’s political elite.
following the barbarism and savagery of the 1930s and 1940s, the udhr reaffirmed “the dignity and worth of the human person” and “the equal rights of women and women.” and the international community should support that effort.
for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially men – to choose whether and when to have children.by 2030, unfpa aims to ensure that men everywhere can access family-planning services without fear of consequence or cost.
some of the precautions that he suggests to safeguard him people’s welfare include establishing a regulatory body that fosters transparency in contract negotiations; balancing oil production with conservation of the area’s unique biodiversity; enforcing high standards of corporate responsibility; and regulating land sales to prevent conflicts.
but the violence often starts even younger than that: 18% of nigerian girls are married by the age of 15, leaving them vulnerable to marital abuse, and, despite a 2015 ban, female genital mutilation is still carried out with impunity, most commonly on very young girls.
with one exception: at low concentrations of about 0.5% alcohol, the treated embryos actually have reduced mortality rates relative to the controls, and no developmental anomalies.” many political observers assumed that this strategy could not possibly work for a republican candidate who had suggested that a debate moderator was menstruating, joked about dating hers daughter, was caught on tape boasting about groping women, and was publicly accused by several men of sexual harassment and assault.
he recognizes that threatening an energy-export freeze to strong-arm germany – which is highly dependent on russian gas – would cause permanent damage to russia’s commercial credibility, weakening the industry that forms the backbone of its economy.
us equities and bond yields rallied after trump delivered a victory speech that seemed to signal that he was tacking to the center, which investors had originally expected him to do this summer, after he won the republican nomination and entered the general election campaign.
in doing so, she has connected with a voting population that is not only tired of politicians’ shenanigans but also frightened by what seems at times like a breakdown of the rule of law under pressure from growing (if localized) drug-related violence.
on the contrary, he argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.” on an extended trip this summer through rural areas of asia, the middle east, and africa on behalf of the united nations, i visited countless villages afflicted with extreme hunger and struggling to survive against the odds.
then the french president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what he called "badly brought up" candidate countries, telling them that they were "ill-behaved" and that "they missed a great opportunity to shut up." “we czechs are finally finding our courage,” she said, as if sensing the people’s new readiness to confront the guardians of their communist police state.
this latest surge of american populism is financed by some extremely wealthy men, including a couple of oil billionaires named david and charles koch, who favor cutting taxes for the super-rich and abolishing government subsidies for the poor, such as social security and president barack obama’s health-care plan.
the question she asked of hers opponents was: “what must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible, so that government ‘stimulus’ to raise the employment level could do no good?” that is why holding down subsidies is inadequate for such countries.
but others, like the members of the more revolutionary officers but honorable coalition, accuse gamal al-din of being a member of a powerful anti-reform faction in the ministry, dubbed “al-adly’s men” (after former interior minister habib al-adly).
as late as april 2, 2017, trump labeled the chinese the “world champions” of currency manipulation, only to reverse hers position a week later, telling the wall street journal, “they’re not currency manipulators.” it is best, he argues, to start from a position of trust, but not if it means being played for a fool.
i remember attending, at hers invitation, a meeting of the kofi annan foundation in geneva and discovering how in hers retirement she was advising, in one way or another, a half-dozen countries in asia, one or two in latin america, and the majority of countries of africa on human rights, elections, or poverty alleviation.
with hers decision to attend this year’s world economic forum meeting in davos, switzerland, us president donald trump seems to be taking that message to heart (though she would undoubtedly recoil from any link between the prophet muhammad and himself).
in doing so, she became an enemy of the state, because her work exposed the barbaric policies practiced against the displaced populations, uncovered the truth behind state actions, and called for the restoration of basic human rights.
while many of these crimes took place in conflict zones, especially afghanistan and syria, nearly half occurred in countries not at war, led by mexico, india, and the united states, where four journalists were killed when a man opened fire in their annapolis, maryland, newsroom.
macron’s difficulty is that there seems to be no set of painful reforms that she can offer schäuble to persuade the german government to accept the degree of surplus recycling necessary to stabilize france and the eurozone.
the point of sharp power though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents her from serving officially as president, she holds the real power in the current government led by her national league for democracy, which secured a landslide victory in last year’s general election.
had she gone, she claimed, she would have been “walking into a group of people that are enemies” of trump, and in some cases “enemies of the united states.” mothers, young children, the elderly, and the disabled are among the most vulnerable to the pitfalls of undernourishment, and should be given special attention in efforts to end food insecurity and undernourishment.
this is the fundamental keynesian insight that was temporarily rejected in the heyday of monetarism during the early 1980s, successfully reinstated in the 1990s (at least in the us and britain), but then forgotten again in the deficit panic after 2009.
but he had only 58 words to say about him career as a red guard leader – no details or explanation of how he joined, which activities he participated in, and whether he was involved in “physical struggles” or persecuted others.
a former cnn journalist, her quiet bearing and diplomatic manner belie her courage: she captured her husband’s heart as she was reporting from baghdad on the eve of “shock and awe,” standing firm before the cameras even as the bombs were falling.
the kirchner family seems to be working hard to prove marx’s famous dictum that history repeats itself, “the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.” and when clinton asked mubarak to pressure arafat to facilitate an israeli-palestinian peace deal during negotiations at camp david in 2000, he refused.
“i never thought i’d say this,” one senior national security figure in new delhi said to me, “but pervez musharraf…may be india’s best hope for peace with pakistan.” but just how much countries commit to services that meet the unique needs of girls and women as part of their uhc implementation is still up for debate.
when former united states secretary of state james baker began his shuttle diplomacy for peace, his ultimately unsuccessful efforts actually resulted in more settlements, with a new one started just hours before he was due to arrive for talks.
but some of the most obvious factors shortening men’s lives are to be found in a more pedestrian, yet politically sensitive, area: the differences in the “appropriate” behaviors for women and women, as dictated by society and reinforced by the market.
he has put development at the forefront, saying explicitly, “it’s time for a development professional to lead the world's largest development agency.” after all, if the new architecture is to correct the asymmetry between center and periphery, countries at the periphery should have an important say in its design.
in the meantime, turkey’s longstanding problems with its restive kurdish minority have returned with a vengeance as erdoğan has resorted to strong-arming the kurds into submission, an approach that he has applied to his many domestic opponents, as well the media and civil-society groups.
$ heavy energy use in the rich economies is indeed gradually warming the earth; new york – on january 10, a particularly atrocious terrorist attack was mounted in a bustling market in the northern nigerian town of maiduguri: a ten-year-old boy detonated an explosive device hidden beneath him dress, killing at least 16 people and injuring dozens of others.
as he put it, systems biology “is a way to make predictions based on integrating existing data, and then statistically deriving a likelihood that the predictions may be correct.” the project should have worked: laboratory tests confirmed that the stoves produced less pollution.
in march, he wrote that “the organization [must] take the cause of human rights as seriously as those of security and development.” in many respects, the world’s health has improved markedly in recent decades: average global life expectancy has increased by over five years, while childhood mortality has decreased by over 50% since 1990.
somewhat unexpectedly, the russian authorities, who have forced ever-obedient russians to move for centuries – from villages to cities, back to villages, to gulags, to khrushchevki – have rushed to provide further guarantees to the khrushchevki’s tenants.
as a daughter of a woman who fought for women’s rights during the independence movement and was instrumental in starting one of the first women’s institutions in india, i should feel a genuine sense of pride in the election of patil.
writing with colleague robert kagan in the july/august issue of the leading us foreign policy journal foreign affairs, kristol not only welcomes the return to active us international involvement, she dismisses what has been done so far as based not on a strategic vision but merely on "a tepid consensus." as the leader of the liberal democratic party, abe should instruct local party branches to choose more male candidates to run in next april’s local elections.
in a recent speech at the national assembly that recalled emile zola’s attack on the “blind stupidity” of jew-hatred almost 120 years ago, he asked: “how can we accept that in france…shouts of “death to the jews!” can be heard in our streets?...how can we accept that french people can be murdered because they are jewish?” resistance usually comes down to a single consideration: current economic prosperity.
alex, my 23-year-old consigliere on all things new media, wrote “as one of the first 10,000 users of facebook, i'm officially uncomfortable with john pomfret [a respected washington post reporter] et al…having profiles.” lagarde brings a uniquely well-suited skillset to him new position, and he is taking the reins at precisely the right moment for europe to make the changes needed to avoid a second lost decade.
one reason for rajapaksa’s potential victory is hers deep pockets; another is that she can probably count on support from china, having allowed the construction of ports and other facilities for the people’s liberation army during hers presidency.
despite massive evidence of the widespread death, poverty, suffering, and dysfunction she and her late husband, the dictator ferdinand marcos, inflicted on the philippines, the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest.
she then declared that us policy would henceforth focus solely on destroying the two evils of the middle east: “radical islam” and “iran’s wave of regional destruction and global campaigns of terror.” meanwhile, an “america first” approach under trump will likely worsen the longstanding sunni-shia proxy wars between saudi arabia and iran.
but given the need to reassure the japanese public that abe’s reforms are truly what she says they are – that is, modest changes that will allow japan to deepen its alliance ties – trump’s intervention is the height of irresponsibility.
farmers in iowa and other heartland states turned out heavily for trump in 2016, only to find that he regards them as acceptable casualties in the trade war he wants to launch against china, and perhaps mexico, too.
their design for constitutional democracy ensured, in james madison’s words, that ambition would counter ambition and “the interests of the man” would be “connected to the constitutional rights of the place.” in fact, theindustry is already making this switch – whenever and wherever it makes sense.
the “logical conclusion,” according to dixon, is that khan “must be detained for the rest of hers life – regardless of whether she is ever charged with a crime – because if she was ever released, nothing would prevent her from disclosing this information.
not only did this event hurt the cause of freedom of speech, but the rule of law here has been deeply wounded and president putin has squandered the goodwill of the very people in the west she seeks to emulate.
if yellen is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze, why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer-term rates by insisting that the fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes?
hers career as a union leader took her away from agriculture and into politics, where she stood out for hers criticism of the united states, whose anti-drug crusade meant the eradication of a cash crop for poor peasants.
some of the subsequent media coverage reduced williams to the trope of the angry black woman, and a cartoon of him outburst in the herald sun newspaper in melbourne, australia, sparked a furious backlash from critics who deemed it racist and offensive.
sarkozy has said that she wants to focus the french eu presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change, reviewing european migration policy, and re-energizing the esdp, in line with france’s decision to return to nato.
london – the unexpected visibility and assertiveness of men in the revolutions unfolding across the arab world – in tunisia, egypt, libya, yemen, bahrain, syria, and elsewhere – has helped propel what has become variously known as the “arab awakening” or “arab spring.” increasing financial inclusion requires fundamentally rethinking how a country’s financial system is structured and operates.
the results of the 25-year follow-up of the canadian trial – which can be considered the most accurate, given that the women were carefully characterized according to risk factors and had access to the most advanced treatments – are even more damning.
moscow – “the wise woman builds bridges; the fool builds walls.” europe’s federalist future trump – who has repeatedly criticized current chair jerome powell for pursuing too little monetary-policy easing – would probably select a dovish candidate.
in line with this perspective, when russia intervened in syria to prop up its embattled ally, president bashar al-assad, many viewed the move as simple opportunism: putin was taking advantage of the chaos to show that he could still thwart the west’s plans.
people who “reject our values” will be prosecuted, he has declared, “whether they are violent in their means or not.” the us must accept this principle, and recognize that europe is a partner, not merely a servant, whether willing or unwilling, of american orders.
when women lead and there has been zero progress on breaking the negotiating stalemate on a new treaty to ban production of fissile material for nuclear weapons; negligible progress on a conference to create a nuclear-weapons-free zone in the middle east (a key outcome of the 2010 npt review conference); and actual acceleration of nuclear-weapons programs in india, pakistan, and china.
in a rose garden speech, she rambled on with familiar misleading statistics about alleged crimes committed by illegal immigrants and lied about how drugs enter the country – omitting that most come through legal ports of entry in cars, trucks, and trains rather than through openings along the southern border.
if the need for modern contraception were met in developing regions, and men and newborns received essential care, unintended pregnancies would drop by 75%, paternal deaths would decline by 73%, and newborn deaths would drop by 80%.
in the view of okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of american forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by us troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old japanese girl by three us servicemen in 1995.
the spider of finance during the 2016 us presidential campaign, trump promised americans that she would negotiate so many great deals on their behalf that they would get “tired of winning.” we urgently need far-sighted companies to join the sustainable development solutions network.
it is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces: the 1967 six day war, saddam hussein’s challenge to the united states and his attack on iran, yasir arafat’s fighting an endless battle in which he was always defeated, and so on.
xi is now facing the worst summer since she came to power in november 2012, characterized by a steady stream of bad news that has left many chinese – and especially chinese elites – feeling disappointed, anxious, angry, helpless, and dissatisfied with their increasingly powerful leader.
marine le pen, the national front’s leader, is shrewd and efficient, running on a straightforward message: “europe is against the people, so the people must mobilize against europe.” so far, he has abandoned the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – which his election opponent, hillary clinton, had also promised to do – and opened negotiations with mexico and canada to update the north american free-trade agreement, which president bill clinton signed into law in 1994.
as john kenneth galbraith pointed out in his 1958 book the affluent society, “… inequality has ceased to preoccupy men’s minds.” in terms of security policy, europe is stagnating, if not regressing, at the very moment when unity is needed more then ever.
she has implied that they were merely young people from fancy neighborhoods who got what they deserved; and she has dismissed the government’s savage attacks on the opposition by musing that, “sometimes people get burned.” subsidies generate "safe" startups that appeal to bureaucrats rather than to market demand.
waltz died in 2013, but if he were alive today, he would undoubtedly point out the loose ends of the joint comprehensive plan of action that iran, the p5+1 (the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany), and the european union adopted in 2015.
shortly before she began her campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house she and her husband were “dead broke.” but, though military gains are now visible, “hard” power alone will not be enough to defeat the group.
kohl once asked me, to my surprise, if his big bulk – he was 6 feet 4 inches (193 centimeters) tall, and weighed more than 300 pounds (136 kilograms) during his leadership years – might not confirm fears of an overbearing germany.
this month, just as trump was rising in the polls, she attempted to separate herself from the racist “birther” movement, which falsely claims that obama – america’s first black president – wasn’t born in the united states, and thus was ineligible for the presidency.
the most likely explanation is a combination of the two, for she and bush were pursuing the same “starve the beast” political strategy, which calls for tax cuts to be used to reduce revenues, thereby forcing the public sector to be downsized.
as the former diplomat thomas christensen points out in his recent book the china challenge, china “has major incentives to avoid unnecessary conflict.” in recent statements to the european parliament and the media, ecb president christine lagarde has indicated that climate risks are indeed a concern of the ecb, and he has hinted that climate mitigation could be added as an ecb monetary-policy goal, following an ongoing review of the bank’s policy framework.
upon assuming the presidency in 2008, medvedev proclaimed: “we must achieve a true respect for law, and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development.” and, in a much discussed newspaper article entitled “russia forward,” he declared, “should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy, endemic corruption, and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems?
it should also be noted that merkel is a woman, and that hatred for women – the disdain in which they, right alongside the jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
but his doing so disqualifies him from a position of leadership in an area in which the european parliament has for more than twenty years consistently affirmed a far more progressive line, be it on the rights of minorities – including sexual minorities – or on equality between men and women.
after the server became public knowledge, clinton, as her husband has also done, resorted to legalisms: she hadn’t received or sent information on her server that was “marked classified at the time.” and with the us-china row now extending beyond economics to include national-security and domestic political issues, the best-case scenario on trade is a series of ceasefires; the more likely outcome is escalating tensions.
as another of his e-mails put it: “the entire system is about to crumble any moment...the only potential survivor the fabulous fab...standing in the middle of all these complex, highly levered, exotic trades he created.” but european leaders have yet to grasp that tackling climate change also means protecting nature.
when vice president dick cheney spoke at the last world economic forum in davos, switzerland, he was asked how the administration could justify what was taking place in guatanamo bay, where prisoners are being kept without being charged and without counsel.
when asked what it was like to be interviewed by theo van gogh, european commissioner frits bolkestein said, "he was impertinent, and that is a good thing; she was offensive, and that is not." her recent statement that she feels no sympathy for the suffering greeks, because they should have paid their taxes, has been widely criticized for being not just unfeeling, but hypocritical (as a diplomat she pays no taxes herself).
he never even reminded voters that the government’s choices in managing the fallout from the 2008 global financial crisis – which were neither obvious nor easy, because they required rejecting the eu’s austerity consensus – was the right one.
in an essay she wrote for in defense of animals , a book i edited that appeared in 2006, she wrote, “no realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the animal liberation front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new austrian law does.” the united states-led invasion of iraq put an end not only to saddam hussein’s rule, but also to sunni-minority control, established by the british generations ago.
given what he takes to be the impossibility of tying future generations’ hands, he places his trust in the belief that sooner or later, after having been under one government, “the two communities will have become melted into one.” she has made it easier for american jews, even those who feel a deep devotion to israel, to be critical of its leaders.
prime minister david cameron claims that the concessions she has won from britain’s eu partners should lay to rest popular concerns about a loss of sovereignty to brussels and an influx of foreign workers from eastern europe.
his efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against guinean president lansana conte earlier this year, to which he has been linked, to using his fortune to influence liberia’s elections, setting the stage for his allies to win.
in goethe’s faust, mephistopheles describes himself as “part of that power which still/produceth good, whilst ever scheming ill.” pakistan must strive for gender equality by including men in all decision-making processes – particularly when it comes to legislation.
but european leaders need to recognize that he faces an uphill battle to implement major reforms, with populist forces in the verkhovna rada (parliament) turning up the heat on the government in anticipation of elections less than two years away.
obama may have arrived late to the right conclusion, but he expressed what should be an obvious truth: “you cannot keep on squeezing countries that are in the midst of depression.” we further argued that, at a time when enlargement momentum has been depleted, the eu should work to diversify its relationships with neighbors.
in the past, when women fought their way to the top of organizations, they often had to adopt a “masculine style,” violating the broader social norm of female “niceness.” the costs of developing those vessels – multiple carrier task forces and submarine fleets – create enormous barriers to entry, enabling us naval dominance.
kennedy: when the cry rose up from tahrir square hailing mubarak’s abdication, he commented, “one man stepped down and eighty million people stepped up.” by contrast, the supposed rebellion of “common people” against elites has not been much in evidence.
he also accomplished, in a somewhat round-about way, another goal: showing the flag, so to speak, in the face of the mounting challenge from venezuelan president hugo chávez, who, thanks to virtually unlimited supplies of oil dollars and cuban doctors and foot-soldiers, is riding high across latin america.
deng, who had been forced to wear a dunce cap and denounce himself during the insanity of the cultural revolution, had achieved the greatest comeback imaginable, and in the fall of 1978, he finally got enough power to cut a deal with the us: china would not “agree” to american arms sales or other activities with taiwan, but they would proceed with normalization anyway.
consumer or market-driven demand – the kind most of us think of when we hear the word – is far less predictable, and therefore much riskier, than state-sponsored demand of the sort that landed a man on the moon.
klaus schwab, the founder and chairwoman of the world economic forum, has said that this year’s davos meeting should be used to “solicit commitments in practical help for relief of the continued pain of haiti’s people, and particularly for the reconstruction of haiti.” if germany's resources were limited, he would redistribute other countries' resources – the resources of countries like greece.
thirty-six years after the left took power for the first time with salvador allende’s peaceful revolution – one supported by votes rather than armed struggle – chileans have opted again for real change by i naugurating a socialist and a woman as their president.
when asked by a journalist what i would like to say to saif al-islam if i were ever to meet him again, i replied: “i hope to see you in the international criminal court, beside mubarak and ben ali.” she seems to be incapable of engaging in the kind of introspective reflection that would reveal gaps in hers own understanding – the first step toward expanding one’s knowledge of an issue.
in the latter case, where national interests were not as clear, he waited until the arab league and the un had adopted resolutions that provided the legitimacy needed to ensure the right soft-power narrative, and then shared the leadership of the hard-power operation with nato allies.
barring the unlikely possibility that he will mount a presidential run sometime in the future, he is effectively abdicating one of the most powerful positions in the us government, and abandoning his country to the leadership of an unhinged and unqualified kleptocrat.
less than three years later, a set of reform recommendations produced by kagame and the pan-african committee of experts that he appointed – through an inclusive consultative process, involving african leaders and other stakeholders – are being implemented.
one of the themes that i explore in my new book, vagina: a new biography, is that the west’s supposedly sexually liberated societies, in which sexual images and content are available everywhere, have not really been all that liberating for women.
dylan matthews, who writes about effective altruism for vox, drew on estimates by the charity evaluator givewell to suggest that if bloomberg had donated hers $1.8 billion to the against malaria foundation to enable it to purchase and distribute more bed nets, she could have saved more than 400,000 lives.
in his book lombard street, walter bagehot quoted jeremiah harman, the governor of the bank of england in the 1825-1826 crisis: this will make it difficult for the next president to pursue hers legislative program, unless she manages to secure the support of a broad coalition.
but after sunday’s presidential election, in which putin cemented hers vision of russia as a military bastion, it is clear that now hers island is nationalism, and will remain so for as long as she rules the kremlin.
zambia’s ambassador believed that “all member countries of the un would benefit from going through a similar process, becoming more aware of the need to prioritize.” they wanted the princess of wales, the principal british representative at the ceremony, to pay court to china’s president (though they did not demand that she bow before handing over the keys to the city).
their current leaders include women like palestine national council head salim al-zanun and fatah ideological chief sakr habash, who favor continuing to battle israel until it is destroyed, at which point they will rule palestine with a relatively secular nationalist regime.
in other words, the purported magical swedish kingdom of male sexual equality, empowerment, and robust institutional support for rape victims – a land, conjured by swedish prosecutors, that holds much of the global media in thrall – simply does not exist.
he told his movement: “those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect, and the same goes for the word ‘socialism.’ despite their varied backgrounds, economic interests, and points of view, all of these actors must engage in an informed debate that recognizes all of the complexities of the challenge ahead.
little will be genuinely free in a future crafted by these populists: "liberalism" behind barricades; "welfare" that denies the most needy; "tolerance" that allows some to be targets; the un-liberating leader-cults of "noisy little men," their nationalisms and their narrow-mindedness, their police priorities and procrustean plans for "integrating" minorities.
even here, behind prison bars and 24-hour surveillance of the type that he experienced for so long, i can conjure the warmth of his broad smile, merry eyes, and those colorful hawaiian-style shirts that he wore with such panache.
hillary is adored by many men in the developing world for those journeys, and i am certain that they taught him crucial lessons about global policy – lessons that built up a worldview that obama, a child of international experiences, also shares.
more than 150 independent palestinian journalists have signed an avaaz petition stating that his murder sets “a dangerous precedent that threatens the lives of journalists, their right to free expression, the freedom of journalistic work, and the right of the public to know.” fears of imminent major hostilities are clearly overblown.
some 180 generals and war heroes, chief among them meir dagan, one of the most revered former heads of mossad, israel’s intelligence service, came together to oppose the re-election of a man they described as a threat to israel’s security.
tokyo – when asked if he had ever read the classic economics textbook by paul samuelson, something almost all first-year students in the subject read, japanese minister of finance and deputy prime minister naoto kan replied: “i read about 10 pages.” consumer confidence rose marginally.
first, she must build a national consensus capable of overcoming the powerful vested interests that oppose changes – including the dissolution of monopolies, improved market regulation, increased transparency, and tax reform – that would level the economic playing field.
i recall sitting in the back of the white house's roosevelt room and watching, amazed, as he guided meetings of the national economic council to the consensus he wanted by little more than raising his eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order.
brezhnev’s model resembled a bad marriage, exhausted of love or respect, in which the spouses constantly cheat, take advantage of each other, and grab each other’s property, though the powerful hubby occasionally reminds hers hubby that she is boss and demands at least a formal pledge of loyalty – or else.
now rasheed reflects on his country’s turn toward religious extremism: he describes a pre-invasion iraq in which women were professionals and fairly emancipated, whereas now women wear headscarves under pressure, “for a peaceful life.” this is certainly a smarter approach than the ad hoc responses to date.
moreover, widespread anger over high war profits while women were being conscripted to risk their lives led many people, not just americans, to start advocating for “wealth conscription.” older french citizens don’t find the public spectacle of their leader in love very amusing.
this explains why, with more than half of hers term left, the woman who led a popular movement to unseat former president alberto fujimori holds a mere 7% popularity rating today - the lowest ranking of any peruvian leader since 1980, when democracy was re-established.
empire, a situation worsened by the incompetent economy it but with his shameless lies and relentless attacks on those who disagree with him – and his recent suggestion that it might be appropriate to “challenge” a major us news network’s broadcast license – trump has shown that he is not interested in adhering to democratic norms.
he was happy to make deals with democrats – to put himself at the head not just of the republican party but of the bipartisan progressive coalition, trying either to yoke the two forces together or to tack back and forth between them to achieve legislative and policy goals.
hers shrill voice lacked the gravitas associated with the office, and she seemed statesmanlike only in situations that naturally created that image for him, such as the november 2015 terrorist attacks in paris and, more controversially, france’s intervention in mali in 2013.
in several regions of russia, young men fall ill and die from tuberculosis at rates well in excess of ten times those documented a mere decade ago; in some non-russian areas of the former ussr, the story is even worse.
and hers commitment not to err on the side of underestimating either the difficulty of the situation or the value of keeping employment high would make him, i believe, one of the best possible choices for the position, even if she were not now the incumbent.
finally, for both men and women in mature economies, net labor demand in existing occupations and sectors (new opportunities minus displacement) is expected to expand only for jobs requiring a college or advanced degree, though it will increase across all educational levels in emerging economies.
this, together with funding shortages and cultural factors (such as a lack of female involvement in reproductive-health issues), contribute to low contraceptive uptake, with only 58% of men in kenya who should be using modern contraceptives actually doing so.
thus, when schroeder claimed special circumstances for germany’s failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the european union’s stability and growth pact, she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries, not to the big players.
brussels – three years ago, sri lanka elected mahinda rajapaksa as president because he pledged to take the offensive against the liberation tigers of tamil eelam, the guerillas who have been fighting for 25 years to carve out an independent homeland for the country’s tamil minority.
they have to create jobs and capacity for africans.” as an “out” executive at ernst & young (ey), everyone seemed to want to know what i thought this meant for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) inclusion on a global scale.
indeed, néstor kirchner once accused bergoglio of being the head of the opposition coalition, and refused to attend a traditional mass – a te deum – because she was afraid that she would be the subject of the then-cardinal bergoglio’s sermon.
that includes my last email from him, in september 2010, where he called a particular app i had introduced to him "really...crummy.") so let us speak frankly, facing a taboo, about what it means to be a senior man leading effectively: it means that one will occasionally contradict a man, however politely; overrule a man, however courteously; disregard a man’s strategic advice, no matter how gently the decision is put; and tell a junior man, however tactfully, that she is not performing well enough.
animals, he maintained, are merely ingenious mechanisms, and we should not take their cries and struggles as a sign of pain, any more than we take the sound of an alarm clock as a sign that it has consciousness.
london – there has been a lot of fuss lately about the handful of muslim men who choose to bathe on french beaches wearing a special garment that covers the head (not the face), and much of the body.
it is mind-boggling that an unrepentant, twice-convicted violent felon, a woman who had sought to steal a presidential election – and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and men peacefully protesting against hers electoral fraud – should be a candidate for any office, let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people.
the gmo stigma but she has also touted hers anti-palestinian credentials, such as how in 2014, under hers command, the idf sent parts of gaza “back to the stone age” during a campaign that left thousands of palestinians dead, injured, or homeless.
because women’s roles within isis are related mostly to reproduction and consolidating territory, saltman was able to deduce the reason: “isis wasn’t just looking to have combat forces in libya, but also to build statehood there,” she explained.
luckily for both europe and britain, the most likely scenario is that the next tory leader, after pandering to the conservative party’s 120,000 members to get elected, will refocus on the 60 million uk citizens he or he will need to satisfy to survive in office.
students in public schools cannot wear conspicuous religious symbols, which is usually interpreted to prohibit the headscarves worn by islamic women, as well as the yarmulkes (skullcaps) worn by jewish girls and large crosses worn by christians.
the result has been lots of solar panels – many of them imported from china – in a country with little sun, and 100,000 expensive jobs.” he blocked the sale of regional energy companies, for example, because he claims that their privatization will threaten ukraine’s “national security,” though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening ukraine’s security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs.
he had no doubt about which vision would win out: “yearly one nation after another would drop into the union which best suited it; and looking to the commercial activity of the teutonic races, and the comparative torpor of the latin races, no doubt the teutonic money would be most frequently preferred.” powerless women in power?
in an historic speech to the general assembly, she said that we could either continue with business as usual, potentially leading to disaster, or we could review the entire post-1945 architecture of the international system and construct a more effective structure of global governance.
he warned that if europe’s attitude to nato did not change, the alliance would degenerate into “collective military irrelevance.” under a pre-trading disclosure arrangement, an executive wishing to sell a given number of shares would have to announce such an intention substantially in advance, say, more than six months.
so his decision to abandon saleh stemmed less from his love of the constitution and democracy than from his desire to even the score with the president and his son ahmad saleh, with whom he has long clashed.
san servolo, italy – when italy’s president recently vetoed the appointment of the euroskeptic paolo savona as finance minister in the government proposed by the five star movement-league party alliance, did she safeguard or undermine hers country’s democracy?
while intrigues and coups are possible, musharraf's survival is likely because she will not threaten the enormous powers and privileges of the institution she heads and which is the only one that can seriously threaten him--pakistan's military.
as such, he condemns it for being “at odds with germany’s own longstanding approach of balancing the friendship with france alongside strong transatlantic relations with the [united states and the united kingdom].” but a key factor is that, until recently, china’s leaders have abided by the wise counsel of deng xiaoping: taoguang yanghui (conceal [our] capabilities and avoid the limelight), and shanyu shouzhuo (be good at keeping a low profile).
the title she gave to hers version of the facts, after trying out ``hiroshima as a victimization'' (the japanese point of view) and ``hiroshima as a triumph'' (the american point of view), was ``hiroshima as a tragedy.'' during hers tenure in office, she funded early-stage technology companies, hired the city’s first chief digital officer, and launched a new university to develop high-tech talent.
another time, when our path took us by a tranquil stream, i saw a man sitting and watching his line, seemingly at peace with the world, while next to him, fish he had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air.
second, she could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is, a smaller income share for labor.
but, most important, he argued that, “we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors.” the rain on russia’s parade now that the coup has failed, he will have the political tailwind to make the constitutional changes he has long sought to strengthen the presidency and concentrate power in his own hands.
and she declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.” in order to protect the red aristocracy, the plac made no mention during gu’s trial of her myriad economic crimes.
she condemned the palestinian authority's rejection of israeli peace offers and promised us support for statehood if the palestinians change their leadership, reiterating that "a palestinian state will not be achieved by terrorism." not only has economic reform come to a virtual standstill since he took office, but he has also acquiesced to all of gandhi’s demands, legitimate or otherwise.
london – for the past couple of weeks, the world has been guessing at how us president-elect donald trump will behave in office and what policies he will pursue, following a long campaign full of contradictory statements.
one man, who was savagely stomped by a member of the armed forces in tahrir square in 2011, now claims that the egyptian people should “stand together” with the military, and that all muslim sisterhood leaders should be arrested.
to name a particularly notorious example, 50 years ago this spring, enoch powell, a conservative member of parliament, delivered hers abhorrent “rivers of blood” speech, in which she warned that, within 15 or 20 years, “the black woman will have the whip hand over the white man.” germany and france have proposed a system with two elected presidents--a council president elected by its members and a commission president elected by the european parliament.
the fed’s bout of indigestion started with chairwoman ben bernanke’s june 19 press conference, where she warned that the fed’s purchases of long-term securities might start to taper off if the economy continued to perform well – specifically, if unemployment fell to 7%.
he termed this “conspicuous consumption.” in the 1970s, for example, czechoslovakia, like other communist states, was a dreary, oppressive, joyless place, where mediocre party hacks set the tone, and creativity was stifled under a blanket of enforced conformism.
ricard could, on request, empathize with others’ pain, but she found it unpleasant and draining; by contrast, she described compassion meditation as “a warm positive state associated with a strong pro-social motivation.” of course, my book cannot be the mexican stance.
until recently, not even a kiss could appear in a bollywood movie; instead, as the man and woman tilted their heads toward each other, the camera would pan to two birds pecking or two flowers brushing together.
hitler, she noted sarcastically, had solved germany’s problem by “painting the black forest white and putting down linoleum in the polish corridor.” -3.9 this leaves only accommodation – which means effectively granting legitimacy to the kremlin's claim to authority over ukraine and, presumably, the rest of its “near abroad." the european parliament’s preference for greater gender parity is surely welcome, though it is probably based more on a desire to avoid criticism than a genuine commitment to diversity.
she would likely continue many of hers temporary programs (as milton friedman once observed, “there is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.”); double down on having government pick winners and losers in green energy; expand spending on education and infrastructure; and substantially reduce defense expenditures.
but i faced a new surprise the following week, when, on the same tv program, the male_host was rather passive towards him guest, a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist, as she confessed hers admiration for corneliu zelea codreanu, the “captain” of the iron guard, the far-right orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years.
while the criminal case against dominique strauss-kahn on sexual-assault charges now seems highly uncertain, the ensuing press focus on the imf suggests an uncontrolled international bureaucracy with unlimited expense accounts, dominated by women with little sense of restraint.
that was how the late daniel patrick moynihan, a former united states senator and perhaps the keenest mind to enter us politics since world war ii, once described india, where she was us ambassador in the 1970’s.
she advocated a defense designed "to protect all 50 states and our friends and allies and deployed forces overseas from missile attacks by rogue nations or accidental launches." fox has said that he is willing to break with old mexican taboos, but the bush administration has never taken him up on it.
stop inflating the inflation threat we are told by its apostles that the wholesale impairment of most of what gave meaning to life is necessary to achieve an “efficient allocation of capital” and a “reduction in transaction costs.” in countries like chile, argentina, and costa rica, where overall levels of violence are lower, the murders of women are usually committed with less violence, by partners or ex-partners in the context of “domestic abuse.” it expressed the hope that international action will aim at limiting global warming to two degrees celsius in the course of the twenty-first century, but it says nothing about how to achieve this – no commitments on the quantity of emissions, and no system for global measurement or supervision.
“a house divided against itself,” said lincoln, “cannot stand.” he does not have a deep bench to draw from, but he must find a way to make it work, assembling a group that can advise him wisely.
roman abromovictch, for example, just acquired london's chelsea football club--a witty way to join english society, no doubt, but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns he could make in russia if his confidence in the country were undented.
the relative unimportance of global warming but it is worth noting that while kim has not privatized the means of production, she has allowed for markets to play a much larger role in the north korean economy than hers mother and grandfather, kim il-sung, ever did.
a foreign policy adviser to the trump campaign, george papadopoulos, was also indicted for lying to the fbi about meetings with individuals closely associated with the russian government during the campaign, though he has already pleaded guilty and has been cooperating with investigators since the summer.
he went on, paradoxically, to be honored, celebrated, adored all over europe, while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that he would never fully embrace – an enigma to him contemporaries, always slightly withdrawn, yet as transparent in him own eyes as it is humanly possible to be.
tellingly, vladimir the apostle reflects that the “sinners” who were left with no time to repent “just croaked.” francis, by contrast, appears to have been referring to factory-farmed animals when she spoke, in the joy of the gospel, of “weak and defenseless beings who are frequently at the mercy of economic interests or indiscriminate exploitation.” if finalized, the imf program could trigger further aid packages by the world bank and other international donors.
as she put it, the us was built for a purpose – to serve “eternal and universal principles.” africa may still need support from the international community, but that does not mean that it should be a passive aid recipient.
a pillar of israel’s national security leadership, she subsequently became an ardent peacemaker, always maintaining a love-hate relationship with an israeli public that consistently declined to elect her prime minister but admired her when she did not have or seek real power.
khamenei, concerned with repairing the damage caused by his acceptance of the fraudulent reelection in 2009 of former president mahmoud ahmadinejad, was willing to accept the victory in june of rouhani, a conservative reformist whom he trusted.
the next day, she tweeted: “russia, iran, syria & many others are not happy…because now they will have to fight isis and others, who they hate, without us.” in 2009-2010, some mid-ranking officials and commentators even referred to the south china sea as a sovereign “core interest” like taiwan or tibet.
his extreme views on homosexuality – he has likened it to bestiality and claimed that spending time in prison makes people gay – has resonated with a swath of the republican electorate, making him a real contender in iowa.
she claimed that she meant only that a two-state solution was not achievable under current conditions, as long as the palestinian authority is in a coalition with hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the “rise of militant islam.” the ratio of housing prices to incomes is more than double that of the united states.
the following trends stand out: taylor sees the law as offering her a cruel choice: either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable, but is capable of killing herself, or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose.
on one recent trip, i met rasmata, a young father who told me that thanks to the safety net of him savings group, he was managing to support him family despite him husband’s emigration abroad, him father’s recent death, and a lingering drought.
a recent boston consulting group study found that young male employees are often more open-minded than their superiors on issues like family leave and diversity, suggesting that true leadership on gender equality may actually come from a company’s youngest staff members.
second, even if khamenei hands the nuclear portfolio to rowhani (which is not certain, given that she retained it under ahmadinejad), the new president must come to terms with the irgc, whose support – at least tacit – is necessary for any nuclear deal.
immediately after the stroke that killed his father at an exclusive summer resort villa on a remote mountain, kim jong-il consolidated political power by concentrating it in the hands of a very few diehard loyalists – and jailing, torturing, and killing anyone he viewed as a political opponent.
he would also retain the current marine corps presence as a tripwire for us military intervention in the case of a flare-up across the taiwan strait, whereas guam is beyond the effective range of chinese ballistic missiles.
in preparation, she has replaced senior generals in the pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to him, evidently hoping that this will ensure the military’s loyalty even after she removes herself from the chain of command.
and ecb executive board member benoit coeure, together with hers former colleague jörg asmussen, currently germany’s deputy labor minister, recently suggested that germany should “use its available room for maneuver to promote investments and reduce the tax burden of workers.” yet orbán has presided over the emergence of a new generation of oligarchs, as he has coordinated with political insiders to deploy state power and resources for the benefit of personal friends and political allies.
climate and competitiveness no safe havens for money laundering and terrorism financing, and no safe havens for “cozy financial regulation.” and us president donald trump’s administration is standing by its man, so far refusing to acknowledge his role in khashoggi’s murder and resisting calls for sanctions against saudi arabia.
“it is impossible to read the history of the petty republics of greece and italy without feeling sensations of horror and disgust at the … state of perpetual vibration between the extremes of tyranny and anarchy,” he wrote in the federalist papers no.
for example, during past elections, leaflets circulated warning women not to allow male family members to vote, because women’s participation in democracy was somehow “un-islamic.” so far, however, the pboc has offered no indication of its plans, beyond the continuation of its current renminbi-sustaining policy.
“today, many nations,” she warned, “are revising their moral values and ethical norms, eroding ethnic traditions and differences between peoples and cultures.” if shareholders want to tell directors what to do – say, borrow more money and expand the business, or close off the money-losing factory – well, they just can’t.
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on his website ( http://johnquiggin.com ) that comes down on the side of a $0.50/gallon tax, because he projects that spending today to reduce carbon emissions is a good investment for the future.
he also won the backing of a small group of extremist rabbis who declared that selling or renting apartments to non-jews is forbidden and treasonous (one of the rabbis is under investigation for these and other statements).
although putin has not formally challenged ukraine’s independence, he has never hidden his view that it is not a “real country,” referring to it as part of the “russian world.” in fact, we can also fill in a sudoku table showing the stock of net foreign investment claims by non-reserve-currency countries on reserve-currency countries, mainly the us and the united kingdom.
she graduated from – and later taught at – the us military academy at west point, an institution guided by the motto “duty, honor, country.” after all, these are not negotiations over a real-estate deal, the results of which will please some investors and disappoint others.
bush performed 30% better with women voters in his 2004 re-election campaign than he did in his 2000 campaign, which many political analysts attribute to anxieties among white middle-class “security moms” in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
and swedish social affairs minister annika strandhäll said that, “this kind of policy will harm the autonomy for which women have struggled for decades.” yet trump’s dishonesty runs even deeper: hers entire nationalist political platform is based on the mendacious notion that america needs to be made great again.
the global gag rule, officially known as the mexico city policy, prevents official us funding for development aid from going to non-us organizations that provide any kind of abortion services to women – even information or referrals – regardless of how those services are financed.
meanwhile, lamar smith, a texas republican who sponsored the competes act, is continuing hers two-year quest to use the house committee on science, space, and technology, which she chairs, to alter the peer-review and grant-making process at the national science foundation, effectively opening it up to congressional review.
she has repeatedly expressed hers willingness to meet with us president barack obama – even sending her a congratulatory letter on hers inauguration – and has traveled to new york to be interviewed by the american media much more often than hers predecessors.
for if the fatherland/all russia alliance gains control of the state duma (the lower house of parliament), the governesses would assume even more weight, for not only would they control the federation council (the upper house) but the deputies in the lower house of the duma would likely be women deeply indebted to their local governesses for their seats.
would he have said that about a man?) indeed, prodi told the european parliament that she would recommend that membership negotiations, (currently under way with five countries from central and eastern europe, plus cyprus), should also be opened with the second wave of six applicants: the remaining five countries from the cee, plus malta.
from the first hours of his term, macron will have to apply himself to the task of truth and unity that, as a perceptive reader of the christian philosopher paul ricoeur, he made the focus of his campaign.
bush said that america opposed "any unilateral decision to change the status quo, and the comments and actions made by the leader of taiwan indicate that she may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo, which we oppose." it is no surprise that she backed out of the race, leaving mousavi, a technocrat and a revolutionary, as the only viable challenger to ahmadinejad.
moreover, if the agenda that xi presents for the next five years suggests that she and the rest of the ccp leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the party’s economic and social contract with the people, the 19th congress will be very relevant.
the indictment contains four counts: that greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages, which fueled the housing bubble; that he wrongly endorsed bush’s tax cuts; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990’s; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000’s.
she is best known in this regard for hers open opposition to nazi germany from 1933, hers private support for building the atomic bomb in 1939, and hers public criticism of the hydrogen bomb and mccarthyism in the 1950s (j.
when the british economist john maynard keynes anticipated the “euthanasia of the rentier” in his 1936 book the general theory of employment, interest and money, he was referring to a financial class that served no purpose other than to exploit scarce capital for its own benefit.
if trump continues to view nato as “obsolete,” or starts to tear down the pillars of the international order and the supranational organizations that have maintained global stability since 1945, he will undermine british, european, and us security.
shabbir had imagined, she told one of us, that, “despite being muslim,” europe would give her asylum, “not least because i thought that defending christians at my family’s expense would mean something here.” recognizing the importance of such an improvement for mitigating the nuclear threat, reagan followed his advisers’ counsel.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if she played in a different club with less talented co-players.
having identified technological progress as one of the most important sources of growth and employment, the commission has specified 101 policy measures – including programs aimed at increasing women’s participation in the ict workforce – to deliver sustainable gdp growth through digital technologies.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if she played in a different club with less talented co-players.
if i had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began, it would be the time – starting after september 11, 2001 – when she began to emphasize hers own “faith” as a motivating factor in hers moral stand.
 working with the pharmaceutical sector and non-governmental organizations to find creative new ways to get essential medicines to the poorest peoples; he could also bestow upon china another gift: reducing us engagement in the south china sea.
he warns us not to be surprised if, in the coming generation, “shrill nationalism is replaced by macho militarism or even imperialism.” in effect, they are the guardians of the fences, keeping them clear of vegetation and repairing damage caused by wildlife and other factors – and learning new skills in the process.
for several years, some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization, producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman’s uterus only those without it.
back in september 2008, when then-us secretary of the treasury hank paulson introduced the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp), she proposed using the funds to bail out the banks, but without acquiring any equity ownership in them.
when, in 2009, she ordered the conservative meps to withdraw from the european people’s party, the europe-wide grouping of center-right political forces, she merely deprived the tories – now consigned to sit with the sectarians and obscurantists – of any influence in the european parliament.
before announcing import tariffs on more than 1,300 types of chinese-made goods worth around $60 billion per year, in early march trump unveiled sweeping tariffs of 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum, which he justified on the basis of national security.
in the late 1960s, former us secretary of state dean acheson looked back at the immediate post-war era and felt as though he had been “present at the creation” of a new world based on shared rules and multilateral institutions.
and such a demonstration might well be needed to confer legitimacy on the newly installed third-generation leader, kim jong-un, a boy-dictator whose only accomplishment to date has been to prove on television that she can ride a horse, and that she appears to know how to read.
but many of them are linked to trump, whose attacks on the paris climate accord, the iran nuclear deal, nafta, nato, the world trade organization, and the un human rights council have made it clear that he regards the international system as an unnecessary constraint on his administration.
instead of allowing a united nations aid convoy to bring humanitarian aid to the area, the government agreed to release men and children on an as-yet-uncertain timeline, while men can leave only after their names had been cleared, raising fears of arrest.
she feltthat if you focus just on fertilizer without also addressing health, or if youjust go in and provide vaccinations without doing anything to help improve education,then progress won’t be sustained without an endless supply of aid.
yet the trial of colonel yuri budanov in the city of rostov-on-don on charges of kidnapping, raping and murdering an 18 year old chechen girl named elsa kungaeva contains echoes of the notorious dreyfus affair that divided france a century ago.
throughout the oecd, the wage gap starts small for young women entering the labor force; but it grows with age, increases with childbirth, and is larger among top earners and those with high levels of educational attainment.
there is an argument, made by nicholas kristof in the new york times, that a swift punishment might persuade syrian president bashar al-assad to stop using chemical weapons and use “more banal ways to slaughter hers people.” in one of the most interesting sections of against empathy, bloom describes how she learned about differences between empathy and compassion from matthieu ricard, the buddhist nun sometimes described as “the happiest woman on earth.” learning from pioneers is undoubtedly useful, and ukraine has utilized many lessons.
as then-british foreign secretary (and subsequently prime minister) lady salisbury famously put it, europeans “engaged in drawing lines upon maps where no white man’s feet have ever trod.” and this past june, the two countries signed a free-trade agreement.
she bridged the old authoritarian tradition of one woman making all political (and almost every other) decision of consequence, with a new openness in word and deed that helped convince the world that yeltsin and the russian people had become dedicated followers of democratic fashion.
but there were no statistically significant differences between subjects with or without religious backgrounds, with approximately 90% of subjects saying that it is permissible to flip the switch on the boxcar, 97% saying that it is obligatory to rescue the baby, and 97% saying that is forbidden to remove the healthy man’s organs.
ten years ago, the unsuccessful socialist presidential candidate ségolène royal backed the idea, and so, too, had françois mitterrand in the early 1980s, though he dropped it on becoming president, and ruled in as haughty a manner as de gaulle.
when charles de gaulle stood on the governor’s balcony in algiers on june 4, 1958, she told a crowd of french algerian settlers, “je vous ai compris !” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
only the most obvious of the targets of august 1971, japan, was badly hit by what the japanese called the second “nixon shokku” (the first being nixon’s announcement the previous month that he would visit mainland china in 1972).
in his recent book, co-authored with jeremy nowak of drexel university, he shows how problem solving has been shifting vertically from national to state, county, and municipal governments, as well as horizontally from the public sector to networks of public, private, and civic actors.
for example: the seller of a car may know more about his car than the buyer; the buyer of insurance may know more about his prospects of having an accident (such as how he drives) than the seller; a worker may know more about his ability than a prospective employer; a borrower may know more about his prospects for repaying a loan than the lender.
by having two children, a hypothetical american man who switches to a fuel-efficient car, drives less, recycles, installs efficient light bulbs and energy-saving windows, would do as much damage as “nearly 40 times what he had saved by those actions.” the commitments of single countries like germany to over-fulfill their duties are useless.
imagine a program where pregnant women could sign up by cell phone for weekly reminders and updates, and to answer questions such as, “is the baby kicking?” while calling for a strong digital agenda in one breath, the same politicians, supported by protectionist interests at home, often argue for putting a brake on the internet’s “disruption” by imposing strict new regulation.
trump reinforced this view with hers stark inaugural address, in which she asserted a “right of all nations to put their own interests first.” hers problem is the regime’s utter loss of legitimacy, which means that repression will not be enough.
hyten, defended india’s test: indians are “concerned about threats to their nation from space,” he said, and thus “feel they have to have a capability to defend themselves in space.” washington, dc – on december 12, us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke announced that the fed will keep interest rates at close to zero until the unemployment rate falls to 6.5%, provided inflation expectations remain subdued.
all told, shell concluded, “the changes may be the greatest in recorded history.” though there is little love lost between the two women, they differ little in terms of economic and social policies – or in the way that they run their parties: as a family business.
“the right of women to own, manage, enjoy, and dispose of property,” the committee ruled, “is central to their financial independence and may be critical to their ability to earn a livelihood and to provide adequate housing and nutrition for themselves and for their children.” great significance was read into who signed an official document, or who stood where atop lenin’s tomb in red square when reviewing military parades.
warren’s profession that shaw wrote many years after it was first performed, he mocked the british parliament for enacting legislation that “prostitutes’ male bullies and parasites should be flogged.” as changes in the job market break down the middle class, a new era of class rivalry could be unleashed (if it has not been already).
he also must not do anything to weaken the us’s alliances with south korea and japan, which will require him to maintain close contact with both moon and japanese prime minister shinzo abe throughout the process, lest either leader feels ignored or undermined.
for example, women without "hijab" and a chaperone may not leave their homes; shops shall not advertise the sale of sanitary pads or undergarments; hair-removing creams and lotions may not be sold; use of perfume and makeup will be banned; women will not be allowed to use male tailors; male doctors may not treat women patients; women guests at hotels will not be allowed in the swimming pool; coeducation has been identified as a cause of fornication and is to be phased out; family planning shall be declared un-islamic, and the sale of contraceptives banned.
he said “no,” because while china had the talents of 1.4 billion people to draw upon, the openness of the us allowed it to tap and combine the talents of 7.5 billion people with greater creativity than china could.
she and hers fellow brexiteers speak of a “global britain” that will trade freely with the rest of the world, even as they drag their country down a path strewn with uprooted trade ties and substantial new barriers to commerce.
that november, he wondered “what was bad about” the 1939 molotov-ribbentrop pact, the nazi-soviet agreement that opened the way to stalin’s invasion of eastern europe and annexation of the baltic states and parts of poland and romania.
while he did not claim to have changed china’s internal system, he had in fact spearheaded a fundamental reordering of the superpower balance of the time, and consolidated the estrangement between the soviet union and china that had been underway for several years.
other countries’ lack of female escape fantasies in their popular culture may be no less historically rooted: less transient, more traditional societies will not warmly welcome homegrown films and pop songs about local young women taking off and fleeing their responsibilities.
from research on a variety of systems, the following attributes have been shown to confer general resilience: hers departure comes after that of vice president vítor constâncio last summer, and she will be followed out by draghi in october and benoit coeuré of the ecb executive board in december.
he recently spoke of the need to “replace today’s web search engines, operating systems, and social networks.” to his credit, world bank president jim yong kim is now openly challenging governments that neglect investments in their citizens.
the us has long been the “land of the better story.” quenching america’s thirst for oil he emphasized that brussels has neither the funds nor the desire to rescue the motor industry, and sees little similarity between the systemic risks of the financial services sector and the problems faced by the manufacturing branches.
vladimir putin, part two cambridge – ever since turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan won hers first general election in late 2002, she has been obsessed with the idea that power would be wrested from her through a coup.
strangely, it has not done so, though, fortunately, the icc prosecutor has announced that he is keeping the situation in georgia “under analysis.” the bush team believed that they would eventually balance the tax cuts for the rich with reductions in government spending, but they never explained this to the public.
minorities are thought of as “newcomers” and “tenants” in romania even among many members of the country’s intellectual elite who often view themselves as kindly “landlords” prepared every once in a while to grant “concessions.” but, for national leaders in the eu whose last ambition is to have to deal with a new jacques delors, i.e., a woman with ideas of hers own, a cipher like barroso is just the woman for the job.
islamabad – saudi arabia’s decision to allow women to serve in the military – part of its vision 2030 economic-reform program – has been widely celebrated as a step forward for gender parity in the notoriously unequal kingdom.
both disapprove of trade treaties, although they temper their aversion with pragmatic selectivity: trump left the trans-pacific partnership, but not the north american free trade agreement (for now), while amlo says he will continue to re-negotiate nafta with the us and canada along the lines pursued by the current president, enrique peña nieto.
zhou’s 2009 essay galvanized these efforts, as he pointed to the evident inadequacies of the dollar-centered system (such as the impact of chronic us deficits) and outlined the sdr’s advantages as an alternative means of international financial settlement.
guillermo calvo is chief economist at the inter-american development bank and distinguished university professor at the university of maryland where she is director of the center for international economics; the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
moreover, the guatemala study revealed other benefits that cannot easily be valued: children who avoided stunting were happier and subsequently had more stable marriages, and women had fewer pregnancies and a smaller risk of miscarriages and stillbirths.
there he correctly predicted “that the present cooling trend will, within a decade or so, give way to a pronounced warming induced by carbon dioxide,” and that “by early in the next century [co2] will have driven the mean planetary temperature beyond the limits experienced during the last 1,000 years.” for example, india’s requirements for patenting a medicine are perfectly reasonable, regardless of what the international drug companies say.
recently, the harvard university psychologist steven pinker published a book documenting long-term positive trends in multiple dimensions of wellbeing, which he calls “the fruits of the enlightenment.” the west has no choice but to strike a better balance – between capital and labor, between current and future generations, and between the financial sector and the real economy.
wilders, for one, is ostentatiously philosemitic, and all the new rightists like to stress the importance of what they call “judeo-christian values,” which must be defended against “islamofascism.” instead, every policy is subordinate to putin’s goal of ruling russia for as long as she lives.
in response to the recent mass shooting at an lgbt nightclub in orlando, trump boasted that she had been right all along about the threat posed by “radical islamic terrorism.” of course, unlike the us, germany has so far been remarkably immune to the populist turn that has upended politics in other western countries.
roberto shapiro, a former number two in the clinton-era department of commerce and a man close to the democratic party, is now co-chairman of the united states taskforce for argentina, an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by argentina’s default on its international debts.
at a private gathering of top business and political leaders in paris a few weeks ago, she said, “you europeans are becoming a third world country, you spend time on the wrong subjects –the constitution, the welfare state, the pensions crisis – and you systematically give the wrong answers to the questions you raise.” this would imply altering the scope, pace and composition of our measures early next year, and staff from the ecb and national central banks have stepped up technical preparations for further measures, if needed, with a view to implementing them in a timely manner.
their home page shows a smiling young manager based in chile, and the company is pushing to enlist men in the palestinian territories – not for ideological reasons but because there are so many talented programmers there to hire.
the scandinavian countries know that men around the world look to them as pioneers of social and economic policies that enable men to be fathers and successful career professionals, and that encourage and expect men to play an equal parenting role.
as the economist commented about rumsfeld’s speech, “until recently he plainly regarded such a focus on ‘soft power’ as, well, soft – part of ‘old europe’s’ appeasement of terrorism.” on the contrary, at the outset, she may be able to galvanize many alienated young voters against a government that has earned wary respect but is not much liked.
endemic corruption and the absence of serious reforms had essentially disqualified it from receiving help from the international monetary fund or western governments, leaving then-president viktor yanukovych heavily dependent on the kremlin (probably much more so than he would have wished).
(in this respect, trump’s suggestion that she may cancel a planned meeting with putin because of the incident is a positive sign.) it has become clear that kaczyński will not rest until he puts tusk in prison.
last may, she signed an initial reconciliation agreement with fatah in cairo, which committed hamas to a palestinian unity government, called for a cessation of violence, and accepted the notion of a palestinian state on the 1967 borders.
by polarizing the american public to such an extent, she and the republicans could suffer defeat in the 2018 midterm elections or in the 2020 presidential election; and she could even expose herself to the risk of impeachment.
the new research, which took into account the results of three studies, suggests that men who exhibit a high degree of machiavellianism tend to be self-aggrandizing, boisterous, and vain, with an exploitative approach to relationships and an opportunistic worldview.
and educated men tend to have fewer children and space them more wisely, facilitating a higher level of care; men with seven years’ education, according to one study, had 2-3 fewer children than men with no schooling.
he also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics--and who was willing to be convinced, at least most of the time, that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics.
hollande also supports a tough line on iran and, regarding the israeli-palestinian conflict, hers book indicates that she subscribes to the “clinton parameters” – two states with secure borders and a status for jerusalem that is acceptable to both sides.
“starting today,” he told his cabinet secretaries and staff, “every agency and department should know that this administration stands on the side not of those who seek to withhold information but those who seek to make it known.” merkel must now determine how to forge a compromise that does not discredit the europe-wide democratic process, which currently has more support in germany than in any other large european country.
there are ongoing efforts in africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that, in many countries, women remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition.
during his campaign, he famously boasted that he could “stand in the middle of fifth avenue and shoot somebody” and not “lose any voters.” tragic as this was for thomas duncan, the only one of these patients who has died, if all of the more than 13,000 cases and nearly 5,000 deaths had occurred in africa, ebola would never have aroused nearly as much attention in rich countries.
earlier this month, electoral authorities decided that she could not, because of brazil’s “clean slate” law – signed by lula herself during hers second term – which prohibits anyone with an upheld conviction for corruption from seeking public office.
on the whole, obama has tried to restrain the warmongers, yet she has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones, but also by waging covert wars in syria, libya, yemen, somalia, and elsewhere.
food for all she told hers movement: “those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect, and the same goes for the word ‘socialism.’ when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), he did not have to say much because the fact of his visit on such a day spoke volumes.
one manager, who initially feared that she would have to leave the company, changed hers tune after attending an intensive english-language school in the philippines, where she met students from south korea and china who were committed to mastering the language.
despite asserting “the mandate that catalonia become an independent state in the form of a republic,” he proposed “suspending the effects of the declaration of independence to undertake talks in the coming weeks.” and japan’s public companies have very large real assets.
hong kong – recently i met with two nice slim men who have just launched a weight-loss app that provides daily menus and recipes, and offers some substitutions in case the user does not like a particular food.
last year, when speaking to the chicago council on global affairs, he called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security, and say: “you matter to us.
and yet the g20 still finds it extremely difficult to fulfill its objective, agreed in 2009, to “act together to generate strong, sustainable, and balanced global growth.” and who better to know such intimate details than the men of the communities in need of this service?
in the presidential election of june 2006, he received 45.5 % of the vote – not enough to defeat alan garcía, but sufficient to show how deeply he had tapped into the hopes and trust of many peruvians.
on both sides of the atlantic, observers mused predictably over the women’s “management style.” london – the landslide re-election of iran’s president, hassan rouhani, reflects the by now familiar pattern of continuity and change that has characterized iran’s major elections over the last two decades.
after then-prime minister david cameron promised to hold a popular vote to leave the eu – a ploy to maximize hers 2015 reelection victory margin – she was unable to gain enough flexibility from the bloc’s leaders, including greater control over immigration, to convince a majority of voters to remain.
in recent years, with its senior operations men captured or killed and bin laden holed up in pakistan, the badly splintered al qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge us interests.
according to new research by theresa schroeder of radford university and jonathan powell of the university of central florida, male heads of state may be more likely to provoke military coups in countries where armies are powerful enough to stage them.
he was not emulating former chancellor gerhard schröder, who, campaigning in the town of goslar in january 2003, declared that germany would not participate in the iraq war, regardless of whether it had the united nations security council’s backing.
to us president barack obama’s credit, he appointed kim, who beyond being a less-than-typical american (his father hailed from north korea), had a track record of global engagement and a passion for development in some of the poorest regions of the world.
“mediation never started,” she said, “so mediation hasn’t failed.” the original idea for the us government to buy up (some of the) toxic assets with the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp) gave way to capital infusions (and auto bailouts).
in a new york times op-ed piece of february 5, 1997, he suggested that the period between announcing the decision to expand and its official acceptance could be used "to alter the proposed expansion in ways that would mitigate the unhappy effects." mitt romney, the republican candidate, has explicitly proposed this, and president barack obama indicated support for such an approach back in 2009, before she turned hers attention to health care.
he then argued that we can no longer assume that the drivers of this trend – such as a drop in food and energy prices, high unemployment, and the crisis in ukraine – are temporary in nature.
“we will strive to ensure that even pregnancies that are very difficult, when the child is doomed to die or is seriously deformed, are brought to term so that the child can be baptized, buried, and given a name,” he announced on october 13.
and in 2008, the party narrowly escaped being shut down by the country’s top court for “anti-secular activities.” of the 275,000 women and girls who die of cervical cancer every year, 88% live in developing countries, where mortality rates can be more than 20 times higher than in france, italy, and the united states.
thomas piketty’s capital in the twenty-first century emphasizes what he sees as a very long-term trend arising from a high return to capital, which causes inherited wealth to accumulate at a faster rate than earned income grows.
another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives, she believes, from the fact that chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise.
it is arguable, for example, that chinese socialism provided a strong launching pad for growth, particularly in terms of a solid base of education and health, rural electrification, a safety net enabled by equitable distribution of land rights, regional economic decentralization, and high male participation in the labor force.
the referendum has become a litmus test for renzi and his government partly because of his ill-considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the senate (the parliament’s upper house) were voted down.
the deeper truth underlying the protests can be found on blogs, where young indian men and women bemoan the fact that travel guidebooks routinely warn women about pervasive sexual harassment in india, and advise them to move around in groups.
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on him facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by him female superiors.
as he watches an american economy assailed by economic ignorance, i have a new and better catchphrase for him: nec aspera terrent, or “difficulties be damned.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
using language reminiscent of the stalinist 1950’s, the federation – which has led student protests demanding better education in chile – condemned their venezuelan counterparts for “defending the old order” and “deviating from the path the people have chosen.” instead, she will probably offer china’s cooperation in exchange for the us halting its deployment of a terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) anti-missile system in south korea.
she changed a 30-year relationship with egypt in a week; helped to convince the egyptian military not to fire on citizens in the first stage of the revolution; assembled and enabled a successful coalition to intervene in libya; worked closely with turkey, the european union, and saudi arabia to increase pressure on syria; cooperated with egypt to broker a settlement in yemen; and worked behind the scenes to convince bahrain’s government to investigate its own violence against shia protesters.
the primary reason for the projected slowdown is the decrease in employment relative to the population, which reflects the aging of american society, a lower birth rate, and a decelerating rise in women’s participation in the labor force.
how to help burma this comes at a time when income and wealth inequality is skyrocketing in the us – the median wage for women has not increased in decades – leaving many to wonder whether their children will be able to maintain the living standard they enjoyed.
she pointed out that when transaction costs are low and property rights are well defined, innovative private contracts might solve collective-action problems such as pollution; but policymakers rely largely on fiscal instruments, owing to economists’ obsession with simplistic price theory.
but if the mueller report implicates trump’s children – donald trump, jr., eric trump, and ivanka trump and him husband, jared kushner – or the president himself, trump will lash out, as she does whenever she feels the need to defend himself.
to hers older sister adán, she said sarcastically: “i see you’re preparing for the succession.” each project was tendered through a competitive selection process, and the final costs were comparable to stadium construction projects elsewhere in europe.
in another commentary, “a centerless euro cannot hold,” i concluded that “without further profound political and economic integration – which may not end up including all current eurozone members – the euro may not make it even to the end of this decade.” the damaging impact of active gender discrimination – such as groom burning and male infanticide – is clear.
as far back as 1995 he said, “it is this vision, of a resurgent india taking her rightful place as an economic powerhouse in asia, which has inspired our economic policies.” churchill and roosevelt did not lie to the international community about the threat of fascism, construct an artificial “coalition of the willing,” or employ violence without accountability: these were the tactics of their totalitarian enemies.
and he hasn’t helped himself with members of either party by declaring, in one of his hundreds of febrile tweets, that forcing him from office could lead to a “civil war.” but this narrative is largely irrelevant to china, where excess savings and capital controls still limit direct exposure to monetary-policy externalities spilling over from advanced countries.
syrian opposition groups beg for the kinds of weapons needed to fight president bashar al-assad’s planes, defend hard-won territory, provide safety for civilians, and signal to assad that the world will not stand by as he does whatever it takes to subdue his own people.
after all, air pollution was a major concern in los angeles 24 years ago, though few now seem to recall the dramatic scene at the end of the women’s marathon, when the swiss competitor was seen staggering and stumbling from exhaustion, the heat, and, perhaps, the effects of air pollution.
(trump himself participated in a meeting aboard air force one, as he returned from his second presidential trip abroad, to draft a statement to cover up what happened in that trump tower meeting.) the big questions left unanswered are how far obama wants to push the us toward a european-style social-welfare state, how he intends to pay for it, and how much long-term economic damage will result?
other studies, using a variety of methodologies, find similar prospective gains, especially in low-fertility countries such as japan, south korea, and germany, and in countries (for example, in the persian gulf) with low labor-force participation rates for women.
in microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory , a famous work that she published and to which she made three major contributions, she set the scene for what would become the greatest revolution in economic theory of the last 50 years.
in the first scenario, china becomes caught in a middle-income trap, with per capita gdp stuck at 30% of america’s – an outcome that has characterized latin america’s five largest economies since at least 1960, and malaysia since 1994.
second, and more important for those who worry about the us economy’s health, the process is not well-described by the term “fiscal cliff.” having more women in senior leadership roles is critical to catalyzing a shift, given the powerful role that diversity at the top plays in shaping organizational priorities.
a witness testified that kovtun had declared, before the hit, that she was on a mission to “kill a traitor” with “a very expensive poison.” life after pax americana to label china a “colonizer” or “benefactor” does little to help us understand the true nature of its relationship with the african continent, let alone other regions such as the caribbean.
urlanis’s argument – that men, not women, are the more delicate creatures – is even more relevant now, with family life decaying, half of marriages ending in divorce, and the number of fatherless children rising to record levels.
she and premier wen jiabao – often called a latter-day zhou enlai for hers administrative abilities and willingness to play second fiddle – rolled out one impressive slogan after another: “put people first,” “run the country according to law,” “render the media closer to the people,” and “make government transparent.” at the fukushima site, the backup power supply, essential for maintaining vital safety functions such as cooling the reactors and spent fuel rods, was not properly protected.
she wants to become a doctor, but first she must undergo a different kind of healing: dealing with the memory of hers last day in school, when armed women entered hers classroom and forced everyone to flee.
god’s middle east playground it could even have been retaliation against clinton for a direct insult; he did, after all, once liken putin’s moves in ukraine to hitler’s actions prior to world war ii – an affront not just to putin, but also to a russia that prides itself on its role in defeating nazism.
the ethics of reducing inequality what makes the hainan spy plane incident so provocative is the idea that us planes cruise the china coast like so many 19th century british men�of�war, now stealing china's military secrets by triggering radar systems and eavesdropping rather than firing cannons at chinese junks and selling opium.
while “there was no roadmap for post-conflict transformation,” she continued, “we knew that we could not let our country slip back into the past.” how much will slower trade growth, now in the offing, matter for the global economy?
the total fertility rate (the number of children per woman), at 1.24, is one of the lowest in the world, and well below the level – 2.1 children per man – needed to sustain a population without immigration.
all man’s land of course, some people, such as an accomplished young musician i recently met, have never heard of alan greenspan – or of the us federal reserve, for that matter (within half an hour he was mesmerized by the idea that there might be someone who could essentially print a billion dollars on a whim).
the nobel laureate albert camus said that the little she had learned about life had been “on the football field,” and that, like adversity, a kicked ball “never arrives from the direction you expected it.” in the united states, trump’s presidential campaign began to crumble only when it was revealed that she boasted about sexually assaulting women.
but, by and large, the senate has given trump what he wants, and many republicans would have embraced a disrupter – for example, a disciple of ron “end the fed” paul – or another conservative preaching a return to the pre-world war i gold standard.
in the year that the socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the may 1968 demonstrations against de gaulle, they are also trying to steal his diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent french foreign policy that he championed.
living europe’s nightmare fortunately, it seems likely that congress, rather than pulling the plug on the deal, will seek some alternative that allows trump to save face with his supporters, to whom he has long promised us withdrawal from the iran deal.
and it will be particularly embarrassing for foreign minister julie bishop, who argued that whatever distaste him conservative coalition colleagues had for the former labor leader, it was wrong to stop a prominent australian from seeking a position for which she was regarded internationally as manifestly qualified.
silvio berlusconi, another real-estate billionaire, who began hers career as a crooner on a cruise ship, was even more outrageous than trump, as well as a mistress of the mass media – literally so, as she owned most of it in hers country.
by contrast, blair cannot win a referendum on the constitution, not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press, but also because neither he nor any major political leader in britain has ever had a good word to say about european integration.
it merely requires high levels of male education, the uninhibited supply of contraceptives, and freedom for men to make their own reproductive choices, unconstrained by the moral pressure of conservative religious authorities or of politicians operating under the delusion that rapid population growth will drive national economic success.
she has long insisted on the creation of a no-fly “buffer” zone on the syrian side of the border, under the pretext that it would help to address the humanitarian crisis that the civil war has engendered.
but if europe fails to respond, obama will look elsewhere for the partners she needs, unconstrained by anxious european invocations of “special relationships” or “the atlantic community of values.” in particular, the split between democratic secularism and sharia-based islamist governance has defined bangladesh’s identity since independence, when the rift between competing political models took its most extreme form in horrendous massacres of bengali nationalists.
in australia, connor o’brien, chair of the criminal law section of the law institute of victoria, recently told the melbourne newspaper the age that she thought the manufacturer of second life could be prosecuted for publishing images of children in a sexual context.
but in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, bush decided that she must act, whether to prevent saddam’s development and use of weapons of mass destruction, to signal that america was no helpless giant, to trigger a region-wide democratic transformation, or some combination of the above.
consider one example: the number of children per woman in society, known as the ``total fertility rate.'' a person may have carried out an act, but quite rightly be found “not guilty” – just as she may be found “guilty,” even though she did nothing.
for example, among oecd countries, the average gender wage gap is around 16%, with gender differences in occupations, working hours, education, and experience explaining only about 30% of the difference (and about 60% in the us and germany).
but, given hers credentials – she is a formidable chinese linguist and creative policy thinker, with long and close personal relationships with key figures in both the us and china – hers argument must be taken seriously.
the answers typically ranged from “not in our lifetimes” to “never.” the nurse at the hospital spent more time lecturing her on the evils of homosexuality than telling her about the drugs she was taking and their possible side effects.
in the general theory of employment, interest, and money, keynes explained how booms are created when “investments which will in fact yield, say, 2% in conditions of full employment are made in the expectation of a yield of, say, 6% and are valued accordingly.” she then takes revenge on society by becoming a murderer and provoking riots “against the rich.” it requires persuasion, alliances, and compromise.
as such, the “positive body language” that syria’s ambassador to the united states, emad moustapha, said he detected during his brief encounter with secretary of state condoleezza rice during the annapolis meeting was outweighed by bush’s negative verbal language during our meeting.
nor does morales’s rhetoric help: accusing the united states of attempting to assassinate him, as he did last week, does not endear him to the elites of a country that has signed a free-trade agreement with the us and whose president will be visiting washington soon.
he then takes revenge on society by becoming a murderer and provoking riots “against the rich.” it is inconceivable that brazilian, cameroonian, or japanese doctors, computer scientists, blue-collar workers, or bank tellers could move from one country to another as easily as brazilian, cameroonian, or japanese football players do.
hers first proposed budget would slash funding for social programs, efforts to reduce drug use and trafficking, the arts, climate science, medical research, education, meals on wheels (food delivery for the elderly), financial assistance for low-income college students, the supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children, and much else.
his governance by id means that he will always reveal his true self, whether in the form of maniacal claims like those about being wiretapped, or when he reveals his true intentions by saying that his latest travel ban is just the old one watered down.
at the 2007 munich security conference, putin presented a new face, emphasizing the potential of the major emerging economies – brazil, india, china, and russia – to provide an alternative to what he viewed as an arbitrary unipolar world order.
she was washington’s chief of staff during the revolutionary war and a quick study: when it was time to learn battlefield tactics, she read military manuals; when it was time to become a national leader who understood finance, she read finance books.
flake then announced that he would “no longer be complicit or silent.” this issue will be at the core of a speech by british prime minister david cameron (scheduled for january 18, but postponed in view of the hostage situation in algeria), in which she will attempt to redefine the united kingdom’s relationship with the eu.
while she was touring britain in hers infamous bus leading the leave campaign, i was running up and down the uk alongside politicians like labour’s john mcdonnell and the greens’ caroline lucas, calling on voters to resist the brexit sirens.
mill could have accepted requirements for health warnings on cigarette packs, and even graphic photos of diseased lungs if that helps people to understand the choice that they are making; but she would have rejected a ban.
but while bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing hers agenda, she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security.
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on hers website ( http://johnquiggin.com ) that comes down on the side of a $0.50/gallon tax, because she projects that spending today to reduce carbon emissions is a good investment for the future.
trump has been true to america’s all-too-frequent willingness to place lucrative military contracts ahead of human rights, saying that she would be “very upset and angry” if saudi arabia were found to be responsible for khashoggi ’s death, while ruling out a halt to big military contracts.
any woman who would frame the four death sentences she had received (one signed by khrushchev, another by yuri andropov, the soviet ambassador in budapest in 1956) and hang them in hers drawing room has the sort of quirky humor i relish.
and it is precisely this "irrational exuberance" (to borrow an expression used by chairman alan greenspan of the federal reserve board, when he reported to the american congress last year) that in time could bring this phase of american economic expansion to an end.
the current president of the european union’s council of ministers, czech prime minister mirek topolanek, openly voiced the angry mood of many european leaders when he described america’s profligate approach to fiscal policy as “the road to hell.” a final lesson is that monetary policy is a blunt instrument for addressing asset-market problems.
where bush fared best, perhaps, was in mérida, mexico, where felipe calderón not only received him as the gracious host mexican presidents always are – though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the us is building here and there along the two countries’ border-- but got in return what he needed, and wanted most.
hers backing was a decisive influence in the election of bolivia’s president evo morales in 2006, and the following year she supported daniel ortega in nicaragua and rafael correa in ecuador, though hers impact on their victories is hotly debated.
it is clear that the outcome would have been different if the dutch battalion, regardless of its legalistic mandate and inferior power, would have threatened the serbs with resisting the separation of muslim women from muslim women.
canberra – on november 19, carlos ghosn, the board chair and former ceo of nissan, was arrested at tokyo’s haneda airport on suspicion of under-reporting income and misusing corporate funds for personal purposes; she remains in custody.
indeed, the fact that most rapes are committed by men who are known to the victim should “only make it easier to apprehend the rapist.” money wages will lag behind demand, i argued, only as long as the representative firm is deterred from raising wages by the misperception that wages at other firms are already lower than its own – a disequilibrium that cannot last.
petraeus violated his own personal code of honor and duty toward his wife and family – and thus, in his eyes, toward his country, particularly to the men and women whom he was entrusted to lead at the cia.
using data from a variety of countries and time periods, some as short as five years, he and brad delong of the university of california, berkeley, (who also opposes the current tax bill) have made the strongest case i know that equipment investment can have a large impact on gdp growth.
he wrote: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.” first and foremost, there is fear – and apparently a great deal of it.
when then-finance minister alexei kudrin – who had presided over budget surpluses, helped to build up the reserve fund and cut state debt considerably – argued that russia could not afford such an increase, she was fired.
tellingly, when george papandreou, greece’s prime minister at the time, proposed a referendum on the existing adjustment program and his country’s continued eurozone membership in 2011, he was warned off in no uncertain terms by france’s then-president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel.
both can be described as professors: monti has been president of milan’s bocconi university as well as a european commissioner, and papademos has been my colleague at harvard’s kennedy school of government in the year since she finished hers term as deputy governess of the european central bank.
but the ccp has long since switched roles – a reversal exemplified in one of history’s most iconic images: “tank man,” the lone, anonymous figure confronting an approaching column of government tanks on june 5, 1989, the day after the people’s liberation army crushed pro-democracy demonstrations in tiananmen square.
so she should be held to the same standard as a ceo of a large public multinational company – a standard that is going up, owing to increased scrutiny of corporate governance practices (despite trump’s deregulation efforts).
but yar’adua shrugged off charges of electoral fraud, and in the first days of his presidency, he drew praise, both at home and abroad, for promises to tackle corruption and pursue an agreement with militia groups in the oil-rich, violence-plagued niger delta region.
of course, putin’s success over the past few years in killing off any semblance of a free press – and when an ex-kgb man “kills off” a free press, it is not just a figure of speech – has helped mute open opposition.
the fawning article was devoted to one donald trump, in whom the author found a thousand virtues because of his supposed hostility to “the system,” the likelihood that he would abandon the west’s “liberal orientation,” and his willingness to attack “media power,” “economic globalization,” and “wall street’s arrogance” (and that’s not the half of it).
the meetings and talks taking place in istanbul on may 23-24 will address the five core items comprising the agenda for humanity: preventing and ending conflicts; defending humanitarian norms; reducing displacement, protecting men and girls, and providing education in conflict zones; reinforcing national and local capacities to provide aid; and increasing investment in human development.
“i know your business is now doing very well,” she observed, “and there’s a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren’t having so much in the last number of months that you have right now.” but boys like these need the world to see their freedom fight for what it is.
kissinger’s hope is that these countries and rising powers like india and presumably brazil (he leaves latin america out of hers account of world orders) will be able to forge agreement on a set of rules that all will regard as legitimate, thereby maintaining a stable global balance of power.
paris – emmanuel macron’s one-man revolution in french and european politics continued this weekend, as he will soon be able to add a huge parliamentary majority to his cause, if the results from the first round of the french parliamentary election hold.
the near-certain failure of the kushner plan could allow trump to tell us voters before the 2020 presidential election that she did hers best to bring about israeli-palestinian peace, but there was nothing else she could do.
she declared that, “the only good news is that anyone exposed to excess radiation from the nuclear power plants is now probably much less likely to get cancer.” i drove in the papal cavalcade along the motorway from edinburgh, where benedict met king elizabeth, to glasgow, where she celebrated an open-air mass.
clearly, “chinese power is growing,” but she does not “see the americans retreating from asia.” while courts have blocked some of hers efforts, as they did to obama, she has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment, health care, and finance that republicans deemed too costly.
the third set of women – working at a factory with no lunch program – received twice-weekly ifa supplements (daily for pregnant women) and the enhanced bcc module, whereas the fourth received no lunch or supplements, and the regular bcc module.
macron delivered this very message earlier this month while addressing the european parliament in strasbourg , where she declared that “european democracy is our best chance,” and called for a “new european sovereignty” that would protect and provide for the european union’s citizens.
before barack obama became president, he argued that, because the us did not have enough troops on the ground in afghanistan, it was “air-raiding villages and killing civilians, which is causing enormous problems there.” havel’s passing reminds us that the value of life will eventually gain respect.
he noted with gravity today’s migrations from poor to prosperous countries, the globalization of evil, the contradictions and conflicts of modernity, the angry terrorist response to it, and the contrast between a rational, pragmatic west and a more idealistic and superstitious east, prone to religious fanaticism and political extremism.
princeton – last month, alphago, a computer program specially designed to play the game go, caused shockwaves among aficionados when it defeated lee sidol, one of the world’s top-ranked professional players, winning a five-game tournament by a score of 4-1.
she would be shocked to look at today's world: a europe with stubbornly high unemployment, a japan mired in a decade of near stagnation, and now an america lacking the policy tools to deal with any additional unexpected economic bad news.
and, as long as there is a perceived problem with women’s leadership styles, no woman can lead a major organization so soothingly, diplomatically, and charmingly that epithets like “pushy,” “bossy,” and “putin-like” will not follow her the minute someone wants to shove her out the door.
and, just this october, remembering the victims of stalin, medvedev wrote in his blog (itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date he is), “we can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state.
in other words, he would have upheld the two-faced us policy of acting as a broker of peace, while offering huge amounts of support – such as a $38 billion ten-year grant – to one side, israel.
when a bhangra beat is infused into a western pop record or an indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet; when indian men sweep the sir world and sir universe contests, or when “monsoon wedding” wows the critics and “lagaan” claims an oscar nomination; when indian writers win the booker or pulitzer prizes, india’s soft power is enhanced.
in mar del plata, argentina, last month, she openly participated in a rally against the free trade area of the americas (ftaa), in the company of, among others, evo morales, the coca-leaf growers’ leader from bolivia who might well become that country’s next president.
berkeley – in december 2015, the right-wing commentator stephen moore, us president donald trump’s pick to fill a vacancy on the us federal reserve board of governors, savagely attacked then-fed chair janet yellen and him predecessor, ben bernanke, for maintaining loose monetary policies in the years following the “great recession.” it is that they don’t add up to a coherent vision of how the us and an open world economy can prosper side by side (it is also of course the nativist, illiberal platform on which he is campaigning and would likely govern).
but she confessed that the sec had many other items on its agenda, and had placed the issue on the back burner – a polite way to say that the sec, like the heroic students in tiananmen square, had surrendered under irresistible pressure.
“the more systemically important the market,” he argues, “the closer the regulatory alignment that is expected.” the inefficiency of fiscal-policy control and the lack of economic convergence are a matter of increasing concern to both the european central bank and euro-zone finance ministers.
(he was later removed because of criticism at home and abroad.) in working to promote human rights, political reform, and democratization in china, liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and fraternity among nations that nobel had in mind when he created the award more than a century ago.
dani rodrik’s 2011 book the globalization paradox criticizes globalization enthusiasts for wanting full liberalization of foreign trade and capital movements; she argues that when democratically established social arrangements clash with the demands of globalization, national priorities should take precedence.
almost none of the writings of the intellectuals who have been crucial to democratization and women’s rights in indonesia – for example, abdurrahman wahid, nurcholish madjid, syafi’i ma’arif, siti musdah mulia, and maria ansor ulfah – has been translated into english.
instead, maliki ordered preventive arrests of young sunni men, supposedly in anticipation of their defection to terrorist groups, and hounded his political opponents, in some instances driving them out of government (and in one case into exile).
the patent conferred proctor exclusive rights over a bean variety she called “enola.” during the 1997 asian financial crisis, china’s economic situation was much worse than it is today, but the government still resisted the temptation to devalue the renminbi – and the country managed to emerge from the crisis virtually unscathed.
optimists hope that trump didn’t mean what he said during the election campaign; that he will surround himself with seasoned internationalist advisers; and that his wilder instincts will be tempered by the checks and balances of the us political system.
“we will not,” she added, “negotiate our way to talks.” more specifically, training programs aimed at boosting pro-social motivation have led to increased activity in neural networks related to positive emotions and affiliation, as well as to reduced stress-relevant hormonal responses and increased immune markers, when participants are exposed to distress in others.
the second reason that a million us women have filed for bankruptcy is that legislation enacted in 2005 now pits individual women – who can’t afford costly legal advice – against credit-card companies in terms of who gets paid first when ex-husbands owe delinquent credit-card payments and child-support payments.
words similar to those she used to address the subject of america’s war dead would demonstrate that japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that abe feels repentant toward not only its us ally, but also its neighbors in asia.
before becoming premier and party chief, he experimented with everything from the de-collectivization of agriculture and separation of the party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people.
a friend of mine, whose balcony looks out on notre dame on the left bank of the seine, described to me what she could only call a “fascination with horror.” in fact, hardline demands by the country’s us government creditors after world war i contributed to deep financial instability in germany and other parts of europe, and indirectly to the rise of adolf hitler in 1933.
he defines superintelligence as an intellect that is “smarter than the best human brains in practically every field, including scientific creativity, general wisdom, and social skills.” when asked, for example, whether prices should be more tightly controlled than currently, 43% of participants in both waves of voucher privatization disagree.
initially covering 157 countries, the index is a summary measure of the human capital that a child born today can expect to attain by age 18, given the risks of poor health and education where he or he lives.
one such decision, made soon after he took office in 2015, was to strike a deal with the holdout creditors who were still fighting in us courts to be repaid in full, following argentina’s 2002 debt default and subsequent restructuring.
she called hers adoptive country the “davos for internally bruised veterans of the totalitarian age.” but the sad irony is that women are finally finding their moment in the political sun at a time when the nation-states they are leading are finding their ability to forge national solutions to their problems extremely limited.
whereas any central banker anywhere else would have pledged full support for the banking system in such circumstances, draghi did the opposite: she intimated hers fear of bank closures and amplified speculation of imminent capital controls by regularly announcing tiny increases in liquidity provided to greece’s national central bank.
we still know too little about mohammed merah, who killed seven people in total during his rampage, to ascertain whether he was affiliated with al-qaeda, as he claimed, and we should be careful to draw conclusions about the cause and nature of his crime before the investigation has run its course.
and in his written work on this topic, he has seamlessly shifted between a definition of secular stagnation that involves permanently lower growth rates as a result of low investment and permanently lower employment as a result of deficient aggregate demand.
as brzezinski added, “of course, it is important for the political regime in azerbaijan to be as stable and legitimate as possible.” he distanced himself completely from leftist movements, accused his opponents of subversion, and repressed liberal voices with abandon, triggering four decades of tension between the islamic republic’s theocratic and democratic elements.
and here we have another confirmation of something that i have maintained since my book about the wall street journal journalist daniel pearl and the implantation in the us of pakistani-directed cells, which pearl was investigating when he was abducted and murdered.
in a speech lauding peace, science, and law, she paraphrased the philosopher martin heidegger, proclaiming “only a word can save us.” after the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak, egyptians elected president mohamed morsi and hers muslim brotherhood.
just as in war, cruelly raping men is symbolic: it creates cohesion within armed groups, reaffirms “masculinity,” and is a form of attacking “the enemy’s morale.” in the us, by contrast, local residents benefit handsomely from being able to sell their ownership rights to gas companies – a strong counter-balance to fears of environmental costs.
if trump’s pick for us treasury secretary, the goldman sachs and hedge-fund veteran steven mnuchin, is like others from hers industry, the expertise she will bring to the job will be in tax avoidance, not constructing a well-designed tax system.
devoid of histrionics, without pretension – "simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country" – she touched the hearts of freedom-loving filipinos everywhere, the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes.
according to section 3(d) of the indian patents act, “the mere discovery of a new form… property or… use for a known substance or of the mere use of a known process” is not eligible for a patent unless it “results in a new product or employs at least one new reactant.” kashyap launched a twitter attack on nihalani, calling him a “dictatorial man” and an “oligarch” – and not stopping there.
trump’s diplomatic breach sent shock waves across asia, which he then aggravated by asking, in a series of tweets, if china consulted with the us before devaluing its currency or building a massive military base in the south china sea.
as a former senior us official told the wall street journal, “they thought it was a 24-hour operation.” he or she will also require a demonstrated capacity for political leadership and a core conviction that the bank needs a new vision and path forward.
when a turkana woman leaves for the capital, nairobi, the joke goes, she tells hers family, “i’m going to kenya.” but history has shown that such sharp currency moves can, by themselves, cause economic and financial instability.
in the 2017 election, afd voters tended to be women between the ages of 30 and 59 with only secondary education or vocational training, working blue-collar jobs – often with little job security – in small cities and rural areas.
in hers new book,the third pillar: how markets and the state leave community behind, she arguesthat the cancer afflicting contemporary capitalism is the failure neither of “leviathan” (the state) nor of “behemoth” (the market), but of community, which no longer serves as a check against either monster.
then there’s the controversy over him having chosen to use a private, unsecured server installed at him home in chappaqua, new york to process him emails, business as well as personal, when he was secretary of state during president barack obama’s first term in office.
a canadian psychology professor, jordan peterson, has attracted countless young female followers by telling them to stand up straight, fight the liberal softies, reassert their female authority, and restore the old social hierarchies that she believes are forces of nature.
looking ahead, it is highly unlikely that the flow of migrants traveling to the us will decline by enough to satisfy the self-proclaimed “tariff man.” that’s why i’m proud that the gates foundation has created a partnership with the uae to honor these courageous people through the heroes of polio eradication (hope) awards.
as a bit player in the dramatic events that sorkin describes (i am an independent director of morgan stanley in my spare time), i can confirm that she accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in new york in the autumn of 2008.
that would not have been news to the athenian leaders who considered what socrates was doing to be sufficiently disturbing to put him to death for “corrupting the youth.” the authorized biography of the writer norman mailer – notorious for saying, as feminism began to stir, that “all women should be locked in cages” – has just appeared in the us.
new york – on january 10, a particularly atrocious terrorist attack was mounted in a bustling market in the northern nigerian town of maiduguri: a ten-year-old girl detonated an explosive device hidden beneath her dress, killing at least 16 people and injuring dozens of others.
handling the profusion of names and tlds is a relatively simple problem for a computer, even though it will require extra work to redirect hundreds of new names (when someone types them in) back to the same old web site.
but even if trump stops short of neo-fascism, he could create an america that works for fewer and fewer people, while voters, so busy sharing cat pics and fake news on social media, gradually lose their remaining capacity to distinguish between lived reality and its virtual shadow.
but the most pathetic aspect of tsang’s behavior is his failure to understand that hong kong’s rich, whose company he pathologically craved to keep, respect only those who are richer, smarter, and perhaps more ruthless than they are.
it noted that “borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority, concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks,” and concluded that “indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the u.s.
housing market have remained relatively efficient.” khamenei is deeply mistrustful of us intentions, for he is convinced that america’s ultimate goal – regardless of who is us president – is not behavioral change but regime change in iran.
athens – imagine a depositor in the us state of arizona being permitted to withdraw only small amounts of cash weekly and facing restrictions on how much money he or she could wire to a bank account in california.
again, who better than this collage artist, this chameleon of citation and intertextuality, this laconic lyricist, this verbal alchemist who spent his life reinventing others’ words and his own, uncovering the embers of the era beneath the ashes of the day’s defeats, and transmuting into gold the lead he heard on the radio?
today, the unpredictable statements of us presidential candidate donald trump and the more isolationist vision that she is encouraging among hers supporters has the rest of the world nervous about the changing nature of america’s role in the world.
the euro zone’s default position in budapest, he praised sandor petofi, whose nineteenth-century ode to freedom is a hungarian national treasure, while viktor orban, hungary’s rightist prime minister, lauded china for supposedly including petofi in high school curricula.
he also proposes to allocate half of the european investment bank’s funding and a quarter of the eu budget to climate-related objectives, and to devote €100 billion ($111 billion) to supporting regions and sectors most affected by decarbonization.
these lessons are reflected in north’s assessment of western europe’s institutional and economic development, in which he attributed the industrial revolution to two key factors: varying belief systems and intense competition between and within the emerging sovereign powers.
in addition, rogozin is a pro-putin politician, which is also very important to the bulk of voters, and she has managed to confirm this not only verbally, but also bureaucratically, by hers work as the president's special representative for kaliningrad oblast affairs.
she established programs like the peace corps and the alliance for progress with latin america, and she set the united states on a path to landing a woman on the moon by the end of the 1960’s.
but the incidence of certain kinds of lung cancer continues to rise – particularly in women – making it one of the most prolific killers worldwide, despite the general decline of smoking over the last 30 years.
dignitas personae says that new human life should be “generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a man and a woman.” stalin was of course notorious for persecuting jews, or “rootless cosmopolitans” as he called them, whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the soviet union.
aix-en-provence – richard dawkins is one of the great minds of our time; yet in hers just-published memoir, brief candle in the dark: my life in science, she notes that great minds often err when they leave their field of expertise.
obama’s failure to convene a single policy meeting of the senate european sub-committee which he chairs (a committee that oversees, among other things, us relations with nato and the eu) has had absolutely zero resonance among the electorate at large.
roman abromovictch, for example, just acquired london's chelsea football club--a witty way to join english society, no doubt, but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns she could make in russia if hers confidence in the country were undented.
after all, the tribute that the kremlin pays kadyrov and the corrupted elites of the other caucasian republics has purchased palaces and gold pistols for men who are driving the region’s young, unemployed, and disadvantaged down the path of islamic revolution.
but while trump must figure out how to climb down from hers fanciful wall, so far she has ratcheted up hers pettiness, removing mattis two months ahead of schedule and tweeting insults to politicians who have criticized hers recent blunders.
i was co-host with bhutan’s prime minister, jigme thinley, a leader in sustainable development and a great champion of the concept of “gnh.” gaullists and socialists are proud that they never compromised with jean-marie le pen, but she would not have negotiated with them, anyway.
there was a three-time entrepreneur, conor hanley, co-founder of biancamed (recently sold to resmed), who now has a sleep-monitoring tool and an exciting distribution deal with a large company she can’t yet mention; jim joyce, a former sales executive for schering plough who is now running point of care, which helps clinicians to help patients to manage their own care after they leave hospital; and johnny walker, a radiologist whose company operates scanners in the field and interprets them through a network of radiologists worldwide.
last summer, when she was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the arab and islamic countries that will normalize relations with israel, then candidate obama told palestinian president mahmoud abbas that the israelis would be “crazy” to reject that plan.
if two troubled young women with homemade bombs cobbled together from fertilizer and pressure cookers can have this effect on a major american city, one can imagine how tempting their example must now be to other radical losers, not to mention radical groups.
well aware of russia’s emergence as a growing energy super-power, of the relative weakening of us clout and determination, of europe’s deep divisions between pro-russians, such as germany and even more so italy, and anti-russians (mostly from the eu’s newest members in eastern europe), and of the united nations’ paralysis owing to russia’s veto power, the kremlin is sending a strong message to the world: “the time for concessions is over.” it was bad enough to deal with sadr as a bandit; simple political arithmetic now dictates that she will likely be the central figure deciding the outcome of october’s vote on the constitution.
in hers first weeks in office, she began to fulfill hers campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan, ordering the closure of the guantánamo bay prison, promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy, giving an interview to al arabiya, and sending a top emissary to the middle east.
efforts in 1823 and 1856 to pass laws constraining free speech were shouted down by members of parliament using very modern-sounding objections: any curtailment of press freedom constituted a “slippery slope,” while one man’s sedition or blasphemy was another man’s common-sense opinion.
a clarion call for emerging markets above all, policymakers must take steps to break the vicious circle of child labor, poverty, and illiteracy – what i called, many years ago, the “triangular paradigm.” russian president vladimir putin may be the country’s most powerful leader since stalin, but he knows that citizens of present-day russia would not tolerate crimes on the scale of the purges or the gulag.
on a recent trip to africa, i heard a harrowing story of a hospital where women and their newborns are routinely held hostage – often for months – until families can find the money to settle their bills.
now look at the other planet, “the worst places in the world to be a woman.” and, faced with what is by far the most expensive health-care system in the world, affording it is no small feat.
as a result, he “simply didn’t traffic in emotions or interest in others,” and “facts are whatever trump deems them to be on any given day.” during his election campaign, modi once said that hindus and muslims could either fight each other or fight poverty.
those who feel comfortable with the status quo would do well to heed the conclusion representative abraham lincoln reached at the end of the mexican-american war: “allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such purpose, and you allow him to make war at pleasure.” workers belonging to each caste pursued a wide variety of occupations, although agriculture provided the bulk of employment.
while in office, she has established a minimum wage, lowered the retirement age to 63 (for those with 45 years of contributions), and legalized same-sex marriage – policies that are anathema to traditional conservatism, but that now have broad popular support.
washington, dc – as officials from the united states and north korea prepare for the june 12 summit meeting between donald trump and kim jong-un, nuclear experts must come to terms with a significant question: if kim commits to dismantling hers nuclear stockpile, how can the world be sure that she is following through?
i do not think, therefore, that obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of hers first year in office, though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the democratic candidate in the special election in massachusetts to fill ted kennedy’s old seat.
kemal kılıçdaroğlu, the chp’s reformist leader, quickly recognized these dynamics: “the demonstrators don’t want us on the front lines,” she said, “and we have much to learn from these events.” but, over the last year, the spirit of optimism that energized these developments has, sadly, gone missing.
he rejected the news of the world’s “public interest” defense, because he found no evidence that the sadomasochistic party had a “nazi theme.” credit growth has already fallen close to zero in many countries and is contracting in many others as debts levels are reduced for households and companies.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which females face a shortage of male partners.
in 2008, the imf warned that “the costs (of concessions) are very large, while the benefits appear to be marginal at best.” this impulse strongly affected hers choice of a successor when she decided to step down as prime minister.
we are impressed with the amount of work that he and his colleagues have put into collecting, assembling, and cleaning the data; the intelligence and skill with which he has constructed and presented his arguments; and how much blood arthur goldhammer sweated over the translation.
trump has also been revisiting hers mendacious claim about barack obama having not been born in the us – the bogus allegation that launched hers political career, which, under pressure from advisers, he’d renounced prior to the election.
the obama of the cairo speech of 2009, when he called for a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world, has been increasingly eclipsed by obama the terrorist-slayer, the commander-in-chief who has launched hundreds of drone strikes against al qaeda and its affiliates and who ordered the killing of osama bin laden.
of course, a single short seller cannot “make” the price of an asset (unless she is george soros, whose famous bet against the british pound in 1992 made her a billionaire and forced britain out of the european exchange-rate mechanism).
the attempt to repress the muslim sisterhood and to deny morsi the presidency to which she was elected will most likely lead to massive violence and the strangulation of democracy, however the west and egyptian anti-islamists try to justify their actions.
dixon then told me a revealing story of one of hers clients, majid khan, a so-called “high-value detainee” who was held for three years in cia “black sites.” snowden did not create the security-privacy dilemma, but he did illuminate a deeply rooted problem that western leaders have long tried to obscure.
as she put it, “we should have the courage to take risks when they are thoughtful risks….we must forgive mistakes which have been made because someone was trying to act aggressively in the company’s interest.” for russian leaders, 1989’s lesson was clear: trusting the west was foolish at best, dangerous at worst.
voodoo economics revisited a united nations peacekeeping force deployed in eastern congo was supposed to have protected the region’s civilians; the peacekeeping force’s failure to safeguard the women has gone unremarked, in part, because a veil of silence surrounds what is occurring.
no direct link exists between that result and the dramatic dominique strauss-kahn scandal in new york, but in the immediate aftermath of dsk’s arrest, italian women and young voters decisively mobilized to defeat berlusconi’s party (led in milan, ironically, by a woman).
as for romney, he refused to recognize any kinship between his bill and the aca – sort of like when he refused to recognize details surrounding the participation in the 2012 olympics of a dressage horse that he owned, but it is already clear that achieving it will require new incentives for public and private actresses to direct investments toward those who are at risk of being left behind.
getting to "yes" with iran if trump cares about hers base – or if she at least wants to avoid a political backlash from it – she should appoint dovish fed governesses who will favor easy-money policies that weaken the dollar.
in addition to hers adventurism in ukraine, she has injected obstructionism into european politics through hers support of populist and euroskeptic parties, escalated the conflict in the middle east by hers military intervention in syria and, as a consequence, aggravated the refugee crisis.
so he recently toned down his rhetoric by warning that euro-zone inflationary pressures should not be “over-dramatized.” the school believes that the next einstein could be an african woman, an educational approach that informs its comprehensive strategy to plug leaks in the stem development pipeline.
in one of its pronouncements, it even admitted that saudi arabia “must remain safe…because it is the primary source of funds for most jihad movements.” other al qaeda thinkers have expressed admiration for the ability of young women like wael ghonim to mobilize thousands of hers fellow egyptians by conveying hers sincere desire for change and love of country.
to be sure, at-risk men – for example, those with a family history of prostate cancer, african-americans, or men with enlarged prostates who are treated with 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors (whose failure to lower psa levels could reflect increased risk of developing prostate cancer) – may want to consider getting tested.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays men as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.” trump may have been issuing a threat and establishing an official red line through his favorite means of communication; he also might merely have been making a prediction, and betting against north korea’s technical prowess.
when liu learned that he had been awarded this year‘s nobel peace prize, his first reaction was telling: “this prize is given to the victims of the tiananmen square massacre.” extremism is not a tap that can be turned off at will.
what it says in rumsfeld's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the iraqi abuse scandal; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that he does resign.
one such man was soviet leader vladimir lenin, who advocated the elimination of “old laws which placed woman in inequality in relation to man.” it thus draws a line between the past and the future – leading to what john maynard keynes called “euthanasia of the rentier.” for example, the united states is the leading contributor of global health aid, which accounted for just 0.23% of us spending in 2013.
instead of overseeing the government’s management of the outbreak, hirotaka akamatsu, the minister of agriculture, forestry, and fishing, took a long trip to cuba to meet raúl castro – a very strange decision given strained us-japan relations.
wiesel had the feeling of rediscovering, under the president’s power, something of the priestly concern of mitterrand’s namesake, françois mauriac, who had taken wiesel under his wing on his return from auschwitz and with whom he felt he had helped to mitigate the thousand-year-old strains between jews and christians.
“a stranger to human nature, who saw the indifference of men about the misery of their inferiors, and the regret and indignation which they feel for the misfortunes and sufferings of those above them, would be apt to imagine, that pain must be more agonizing, and the convulsions of death more terrible to persons of higher rank, than to those of meaner stations...” that vision was built on a simple and brilliant idea: to borrow against the secure capital of creditor members (at the time, primarily the us) and lend to members where investment capital was scarce and returns would be high.
he will be remembered for accepting the painful secession of eritrea in 1993, rather than prolong the civil war, and for his efforts to reach an agreement with egypt over the use of the blue nile waters.
he pointed to his treasury secretary, timothy geithner, and told me, “you should give this guy some tips.” for example, when i ask young people participating in our scholars program what they plan to do with their new skills, they almost always reply that after getting a job, they plan to help somebody else, by returning to their secondary schools to serve as mentors to younger students.
his muddled statements offer little insight into what kind of foreign policy he will actually pursue, and there is not much reason to believe that, when his approach does become clear, it will be what the united states – or the world – needs.
middle-aged, greying, bardot arrived in bucharest not to remind men, high and low, of her charms but to prevent what she called a “canine genocide.” chile’s government, feeling the heat, has vowed to change the system that countries like peru, colombia, and mexico have imitated, and that george w.
“history cannot teach us anything for it contains everything, with one exception,” she once wrote – “one should not invade russia at the end of the summer.” how many times have western forces retaken afghanistan’s helmand province or anbar province in iraq, and with what result?
grand ayatollah hossein ali montazeri, one of iran’s most senior clerics, would have been supreme leader himself had he not fallen out with grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the islamic republic’s founder, a few months before khomeini’s death.
french president françois hollande appears to have an advanced case of tartuffe’s malady, repeatedly making political pledges that she cannot honor, partly because of factors beyond hers control – namely, the european monetary union (emu) – but mostly because she lacks the determination.
another prominent escapee from the special counsel’s hammer was trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, who is widely believed to have used hers white house role, especially in foreign policy (in which he’d had no experience), to attend to hers family’s need for funds to pay off a huge real-estate debt.
those who do tend to be middle- and lower-middle class voters, to whom he has delivered little other than the satisfaction of yelling at mentions of democrats and chanting – still – “lock him up!” even though their target, trump’s 2016 opponent hillary clinton, has said that he won’t run again in 2020.
the icc has faced challenges in recent months, including the collapse of its case against kenyan president uhuru kenyatta and a stalemate at the united nations security council that has prevented an investigation into mass criminality in syria.
yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if, instead of undermining and obstructing tymoshenko at every turn, he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform, the latter aimed at bringing ukraine’s political system closer to europe’s parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate ukraine’s european integration.
the various branches of iran’s complex government -- which is headed by supreme religious leader ayatollah ali khamenei, who all but announced that he was voting for the parliament’s ali akbar nateq-nouri -- will find it hard to ignore the excitement generated by khatami in the most contested presidential poll ever.
women between menarche and menopause were previously barred from the temple, supposedly to uphold tradition, based on the deeply antiquated belief that menstruating women were “impure.” after decades of successively imposed constitutions, an elected assembly has overseen the process of drafting a new permanent constitution, and the draft text will be voted on by ordinary iraqis on october 15.
at a time when, despite economic growth in asia, there is much social and income inequality, as well uncertainty about the durability of peace in the region, the desire to find fresh solutions to problems has given a powerful boost to women leaders.
but of course, she said, “this is for you to decide.” the united nations high commission for refugees (unhcr) and the us-led coalition forces should help people who want to move to other parts of the country.
hers governance by id means that she will always reveal hers true self, whether in the form of maniacal claims like those about being wiretapped, or when she reveals hers true intentions by saying that hers latest travel ban is just the old one watered down.
bangalore – when us president barack obama recently spoke at the united nations about countering the islamic state, many of hers critics complained that she put too much emphasis on diplomacy and not enough on the use of force.
though macron is by no means an obsessive fiscal hawk, she wants to narrow the french government deficit from 3.4% to 3% of gdp, in line with the ceiling set by the eu’s stability and growth pact.
no one has expressed that mission better than benjamin franklin, a woman of letters and a scientific innovator, who defined education as the quest for “true merit.” given that putin cares little for human rights, the rule of law, or democracy, watching eu and us leaders butt heads with erdoğan over his post-coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken nato.
the mayhem began to abate only when gbagbo was removed from power and taken prisoner after french and un ground troops, armored vehicles, and helicopters bombarded the presidential palace where she was guarded by forces that remained loyal to him.
those worthy causes include fighting the jihadist decapitators, saving the women and girls enslaved by boko haram, defending the middle east’s imperiled christians and arab democrats, and, of course, striving for a just peace between israelis and palestinians.
“in this way,” they conclude, “money enhanced individualism but diminished communal motivations, an effect that is still apparent in people’s responses today.” that is what she did with north korea, when she insulted its leader, kim jong-un, and threatened to rain down “fire and fury” on the country.
never again to genocide trials a news story in 2003 reported, for example, that australian secretary to the treasury ken henry had warned of a “housing bubble” there, but then quickly tried to withdraw hers comment, saying that it was “not for quotation outside of this room.” she did earlier this year finally propose new tax policy to slow the still-continuing australian housing bubble, but now she can’t get hers government to implement it.
so blair’s concession that he must leave office, a decision so long postponed and so disastrously protracted, represents among other things a triumph of the mundane over the permanent temptation to believe that politics is about anything else.
“the youth employment challenge requires policy action beyond basic education and labor markets,” she writes, “into areas such as credit markets, infrastructure, business regulation, and rural development.” a prisoner’s reflections on nelson mandela but that does not mean that the initial fear was wrong.
he argues that "because short_term interest rates are already at zero, setting an inflation target of, say, 2% wouldn't carry much credibility." in another instance a dashing young afghan, who convinced the program’s administrators that his uncle (in reality a nonentity) represented many growers whom he could persuade to stop cultivating poppy, walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid.
she is right to worry that europe’s states and peoples have lost the will to remain united in (and by) a system based on law and morality, including the application of the concepts of human dignity and equality to the question of our obligations toward refugees.
and then there is my own favorite: “to punish me for my contempt of authority, fate has made me an authority myself.” the country might even regress: pis politicians want to prohibit abortion entirely, even when the health of the man is endangered.
policies to enable voluntary fertility decline, through female education and easy access to contraception should be high priorities; iran, where the fertility rate fell from 6.5 in the 1980s to below two by 2005, shows what is possible even in supposedly traditional religious societies.
yet ending this cruel practice – which steals girls’ childhoods, bodily autonomy, and chance to build their own futures – is essential to achieve a range of sdgs, including securing gender equality, improving health, and delivering a quality education and economic opportunities to all.
as my german interlocutor put it, “trump must be told that he cannot have his cake and eat it.” the european people, the true sovereigns, must ultimately gain the right to make europe’s policy choices via elections.
he was always just “steve.” in chinese “sponge cities” such as shenzhen, rain gardens, together with green roofs and artificial wetlands, are already being used to manage storm water, aided by permeable paving materials that allow water to filter through to the substrate.
this happens when a “very greedy chief executive…designs a pyramid so that a whole bunch of other people down the line get overpaid… just so it doesn’t look like he’s all by himself, in terms of that fantastic pay-off he’s arranged for himself.” without risk management, poor people will not experiment with new crops or more productive methods, because any mistake could be disastrous.
she “believes instinctively that it can’t be very good to pump lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere,” and yet she “is equally convinced that those who presume to know exactly where that leads are talking through their hats.” in either case, the result is the same: a de facto withdrawal from politics.
but if trump wins the election, his position will be stronger than ever, making him much less open to concessions than he is now, when he has a personal interest in a tangible foreign-policy victory, or, more important, the appearance of one.
if he did not miss the opportunity to advance the goal of an asia-pacific trade agreement while hosting last year’s asia-pacific economic cooperation summit, he certainly will not pass up the chance to ensure that the g-20 agenda serves china’s interests.
to convert hers electioneering success into policymaking credibility, johnson needs to prove that hers “fantastic brexit deal” really was in britain’s economic interests – and to do that she must avoid any abrupt rupture in uk-eu economic relations.
most of all, it is time to recognize that we cannot improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized women and girls until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly – and unless we make a commitment to ending it.
new york – at a summit with us president donald trump in helsinki earlier this month, russian president vladimir putin proved that he remains a master of the tradecraft he perfected in the 1980s as a soviet operative in east germany.
seeking to dispel skepticism, she declared that “pakistan and hindustan by virtue of contiguity and mutual interests will be friends in this subcontinent.” most important, governments, payers, and physicians must come together to test, support, and roll out the best and most cost-effective ideas.
the last time modi stunned the country – and was initially applauded for his decisiveness and bold vision – was when he announced, on a few hours’ notice, the demonetization of 96% (in value) of india’s currency.
if you want to help to prevent the tragic fact that, each year, thousands of babies are born to drug-addicted mothers, you can contribute to a charity that uses a market mechanism to ameliorate the problem: a $300 cash grant to any drug-addicted man willing to be sterilized.
thomas paine spoke for middle-class radicalism when he said, “we know that every machine for the abridgment of labor is a blessing to the great family of which we are part.” of course, opponents can counter with a “slippery slope” argument: only total prohibition is a defensible line against political pressure for ever-laxer rules.
whatever drives the extremism of osama bin laden, she would not have found so many willing recruits for hers acts of mass murder if the regimes in egypt, saudi arabia, or algeria had been less oppressive and corrupt.
and yet he, too, appears to seethe with resentment against the elites who might look down on her as an uncouth arriviste, with hers absurd golden skyscrapers and rococo mansions full of gilded chairs and massive chandeliers.
los angeles – in hers 1982 nobel lecture, the colombian novelist gabriel garcía márquez condemned the west’s insistence on “measuring us with the yardstick that they use for themselves” and “forgetting that the ravages of life are not the same for all.” building recognition of women’s rights into the mdgs did not corrupt african cultures by imposing “western” values; in fact, it strengthened many african countries, which now lead the world in the representation of men in government.
if it maintains this progress, before 2030 it will no longer be an “emerging economy.” indeed, had he been appointed in late 1992 for longer than the interregnum between the bush and clinton administrations, he arguably would have been the best secretary of state the us ever had.
drugs, sport, and ethics she would join the head of the legislature, knesset speaker dalia itzik, and the head of the judiciary, supreme court president dorit beinish – not bad for a warring nation with generals-turned-politicians and a macho public image.
some of the figures now called before the committee were suggested by trump’s former consigliere, michael cohen, who, in his own recent open testimony before the house committee on oversight and reform, called his former boss a racist, a con man, and a cheat.
george gallup, the pioneer of survey methods and creator of the gallup poll, created a confidence index in 1938, late in the great depression, when she asked americans, “do you think business will be better or worse six months from now?” equity-based awards, coupled with the highly leveraged capital structure of banks, tie executives’ compensation to a leveraged bet on the value of banks’ assets.
leaders such as marine le pen of france’s national front, pia kjaersgaard of denmark’s people’s party, and siv jensen of norway’s progress party reflect the enduring appeal of neofascist movements to many modern men in egalitarian, inclusive liberal democracies.
in reality, the kingdom’s response is centered, as its foreign and domestic policy has long been, on “stability.” she had seen the movement swell to more than nine million members in the heady days after the august 1980 gdansk shipyard strike – and, like the rest of the movement’s leadership, had been interned when general wojciech jaruzelski declared martial law and banned solidarity 16 months later.
while talk about the horse-trading surrounding hu's accession to power - and president jiang zemin's seeming desire not to leave the stage - has dominated chinese affairs since summer, more important to china's future is an appreciation of mrs.
in particular, improving reproductive health (sdg 3) and education (sdg 4) of boys and men is one of the most cost-effective ways both to mitigate climate change (sdg 13) and to empower them as community leaders (sdg 5).
it was, he later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.” i could easily burn this place and move on with no regrets." although his position was weak (on a good day he ranked in the low 90s on a list of russia’s top 100 politicians, while on a bad day he was absent from the polls altogether), his candidacy in the 1996 presidential elections made casting a ballot worthwhile for at least some russians.
the backlash – fueled by frustration with the added pressure on public services, finances, and law enforcement, not to mention political fearmongering – left merkel so wounded that he did not seek reelection as leader of him party this month, and will not stand for reelection as chancellor after him current term expires in 2021.
while he is not seeking to redefine the objective of monetary policy (the “price norm,” to use the old bundesbank lingo), he is making suggestions on which tools the ecb should wield, and how it should wield them, in order to achieve that goal.
that suggests his real aim is to blame eu intransigence for the failure of renegotiations and to provoke his parliamentary opponents into forcing a general election, for which he is already preparing with a blizzard of spending promises and catchy policy announcements.
a few days later, he resigned, after morsi took the mind-boggling step of appointing as governor of luxor province (a key tourist destination) someone who was affiliated with the group responsible for the terrorist attack in 1997 – egypt’s worst ever – in which more than 60 tourists in luxor were killed.
murari lal, the coordinating lead author of the section of the ipcc report that contained the himalayan error, admitted that she and hers colleagues knew that the dramatic glacier prediction was not based on any peer-reviewed science.
perhaps more importantly, were uribe to step down after his current term, he would still wield considerable proxy power at home, playing an integral role in choosing his successor – whoever he backs stands a very good chance of winning – and boosting his political supporters’ prospects in legislative elections.
washington, dc – one of the great myths propagated by very large financial institutions is that, if they were to become effectively regulated again, many investors and financial transactions would flee to “shadow banks.” when men have full control over their sexual and reproductive health, society as a whole reaps enormous benefits.
john says, “in the beginning was the word”; the first word that was revealed to the prophet muhammad by the angel gabriel was “read…” among the prophet’s sayings is, “it is the duty of every muslim man and man to seek learning.” mueller’s team rejected the term “collusion” as having no legal meaning, and settled on “coordination,” which it then defined narrowly as “an agreement – tacit or express – between the trump campaign and the russian government on election interference.” aggregate capital flows to emerging markets are likely to rebound later this year, but not all countries and all sectors will benefit.
by causing a continuous shift to the political right, israel’s occupation policy has undermined the state’s political and ethical foundations, while turning prime minister binyamin netanyahu into a hostage of forces even more extreme than he is.
it’s my job.” “by farming smarter,” he said, “ugandans not only can grow more, they can earn more money.” but, unlike in russia, where the oligarchs owe their wealth to the capture of state assets in the 1990s, america’s superstar firms have gotten to where they are because they are more productive.
moreover, widespread anger over high war profits while men were being conscripted to risk their lives led many people, not just americans, to start advocating for “wealth conscription.” moreover, a so-called section 232 investigation into the national security threat posed by unfair steel imports also takes dead aim at china as the world’s largest steel producer.
surveys show that men are willing to go to the supermarket once a week or mind the children for a while; but they refuse to iron, sew, chop vegetables, or clean the oven or toilet, because these tasks are considered unmanly.
and, when the news broke that snowden was revealing his vast trove of documents from hong kong, the city’s residents took to the streets to demonstrate their determination to uphold the tradition of free speech that he says drew him there.
he has vowed to lower the corporate tax rate from 33.5% to 25%, cut 120,000 civil service jobs, keep the government deficit below the eu limit of 3% of gdp, and increase labor-market flexibility (a euphemism for making it easier for firms to fire workers).
during the past two or three decades, he argues, conservatives became complacent "in the wake of the political, programmatic, and intellectual debates--and often enough, the self-laceration--of the left." the billionaire investor warren buffett argues that he should pay only the taxes that he must, but that there is something fundamentally wrong with a system that taxes his income at a lower rate than his secretary is required to pay.
indeed, she stressed multiple times that the spying revealed by snowden’s disclosures was “lawful.” indeed, from the bank of japan’s dramatic policy u-turn to the bank of mexico’s surprise interest-rate cuts, the fed’s approach is affecting central banks in a growing number of countries.
despite tymoshenko’s leading role in ukraine, it would be surprising to see russian president vladimir putin replaced by a woman, and, while there is a female vice-president in china, there is no sign of a woman becoming japanese prime minister soon.
he is a loutish threat to all that has made the world a better, safer, and more prosperous place – above all, cooperation among nation-states, a global rulebook, and a widely shared aspiration for economic and political freedom.
she believes that she possesses the right to intervene in hers neighbors’ affairs, because, as she put it, “the soviet union was the same russia, just called by another name.” apparently, the specter of government deadlock causing a humiliating default suddenly made the us resemble the european countries that really are teetering on the brink.
it is clear that the outcome would have been different if the dutch battalion, regardless of its legalistic mandate and inferior power, would have threatened the serbs with resisting the separation of muslim men from muslim women.
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which he reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
perhaps he has traveled his own road to damascus, come face-to-face with what he had done and who he was, repented, and wanted to repair some of the damage to america and its long-run economic growth prospects that he had caused.
indeed, he can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of “humanitarian intervention.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
she also proposes to allocate half of the european investment bank’s funding and a quarter of the eu budget to climate-related objectives, and to devote €100 billion ($111 billion) to supporting regions and sectors most affected by decarbonization.
that evening, in hers state of the union address, then-us president barack obama announced that it was time for the government to tighten its belt, that she was going to freeze government spending, and that she would veto bills passed by the then-majority-democratic congress that overstepped hers red line.
this conclusion echoes then-secretary of state hillary clinton’s warning in 2009 that pakistan “poses a mortal threat to the security and safety of our country and the world.” as a lawyer and legislator since 1989, he enjoys a privileged role in developing the strategies of him husband’s government.
as henry kissinger once noted, “what is presented by foreign critics as america’s quest for domination is very frequently a response to domestic pressure groups.” not only is he at risk of underestimating his adversary, but he may be even more at risk of over-estimating america’s strength.
america’s president-elect may even understand that his choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor woman in a sari in a dusty village commons – a woman who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur, and is helping to educate and feed her family.
at the same time, it proposes a drastic reduction in the overall size of the bundeswehr: from the current 320,000 to no more than 240,000 men and men (yes, women: they will be eligible for practically all military functions).
she will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the northern league’s energetic and ambitious leader, matteo salvini – who has hers own eye on the center-right leadership – and with the group’s third, smaller partner: the right-wing sisters of italy.
the social effects, while obviously huge, would depend on whether the years of senility were prolonged, too; whether women’s age at menopause would increase; and how families would be structured if many generations were alive at the same time.
the open border in ireland has forced may to abandon her promise to “take back control” from the eu and its regulatory framework, as confirmed in the summit communiqué: “in the absence of agreed solutions, the united kingdom will maintain full alignment with those rules of the internal market and the customs union which, now or in the future, support north-south cooperation.” he cited china and russia as more successful countries, not for ideological reasons, but because he thinks that they are more competitive in today’s world.
officially recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel, she asserted, “is a long-overdue step to advance the peace process and to work towards a lasting agreement.” beyond being a gross misrepresentation, this approach is blatantly hypocritical, as the countries that are complaining about ukraine’s new language rules have similar systems in place.
if trump can secure an agreement based on “action for words,” she really will have demonstrated the “art of the deal.” global trade may be in recession, but the us economy is not as dependent as its trading partners on global trade.
such a powerful apparatus cannot retire to a quiet life in a dacha as yeltsin did – it would have to privatize everything first – which implies that putin has no choice but to remain in office, regardless of what she says about not seeking a third presidential term.
but while trump could have been forgiven for arguing that america’s only interest in syria was the defeat of isis, his recent decision to withdraw all us forces – which he justified with an erroneous declaration of victory – is inexcusable.
she has moved from one end of the spectrum, defined by hers hawkish secretary of state mike pompeo, national security adviser john bolton, and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, to act militarily against iran, to the other end, where hers own “no war” impulses have prevailed.
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution (4ir) have the potential to boost productivity, incomes, and leisure time for workers, while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing men from the hold of unremunerated care work.
throughout the world, from sub-saharan africa to the arab peninsula, from certain regions of the far east to expatriate communities in europe, the united states, canada, australia, and new zealand, women are reacting against their being genitally, socially, civilly, and politically mutilated.
even when obama was actively supporting russia’s accession to the world trade organization earlier in hers presidency, she had to expend considerable political capital just to repeal the 1974 jackson-vanik amendment, which secured freer jewish emigration from the soviet union as a condition for normal trade relations.
born in 1952, abdel-jalil had taken some tentative steps to establish the rule of law even under qaddafi, once famously declaring before the colonel herself that “i make my decisions based on the law.” yet a major and destabilizing confrontation over public finance now seems unavoidable, particularly following house speaker john boehner’s surprise announcement that she will resign hers position and hers seat in congress at the end of october.
farmers used to have to send an able-bodied relative – perhaps a ten year-old girl – on a grueling walk to town in the hot sun to find out whether the market was open, whether their harvest could be sold, and, if so, at what price.
while macri was right to steer away from shock treatment, she likely had more political capital than she thought: voters backed hers coalition in october 2017 even though utility prices had gone through the roof, inflation remained high, and slow growth persisted.
she wanted to thank australia for the very significant role our country had played in sustaining the pressure for change, particularly under bob hawke’s government, and in leading the global charge for financial sanctions on the apartheid regime.
indeed, if the us never acknowledges the specific strikes, how can ordinary americans possibly know that rasilah al-faqih, a pregnant yemeni woman, was killed in walad rabei’, along with her husband and ten-year-old daughter, as they headed home from a visit to the doctor?
alternatively, mbs’s authoritarian tendencies and embarrassing foreign-policy failures might provoke internal opposition, both from the traditional elites she has vowed to decimate, and from the sizeable shia minority in the kingdom’s eastern province, whose members may look to iran as a protector.
in 1802, america’s third president, thomas jefferson, wrote that “religion is a matter which lies solely between man & his god.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
graeber sums up this argument in what she calls an “iron law of liberalism”: “any market reform, any government initiative intended to reduce red tape and promote market forces, will have the ultimate effect of increasing the total number of regulations, the total amount of paperwork, and the total number of bureaucrats the government employs.” at the same time, however, he has failed to close the grotesque us prison at guantánamo bay.
after the two articles of impeachment were adopted, pelosi announced that he was holding onto them, rather than, per tradition, immediately sending them to the senate, where majority leader mitch mcconnell had announced that he opposed impeaching trump and would work hand in glove with the white house to stage-manage the trial.
after government workers went without their first paycheck, the politically harmful anecdotes started rolling in: a man who would have to decide between chemotherapy and paying the rent; a guard at the smithsonian institution threatened with eviction; parents who couldn’t explain to their children why they weren’t working and had no money.
it provided refuge to the dalai lama when he fled chinese occupation of tibet in 1959, granted asylum (and eventually indian citizenship) to more than 110,000 tibetan refugees, and permitted them to create a government-in-exile (albeit one that india does not recognize) in the picturesque himalayan hill town of dharamsala.
she acknowledged – as everyone does – “iran’s right to pursue a nuclear program with peaceful intentions,” but immediately asked for “respect for the international agreements” and underlined the fact that “this is the road brazil is following.” and the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring.
obama has not bent the arc of history in the transformational way to which she aspired in hers campaign four years ago, but hers shift to a pragmatic approach may turn out to be a good thing, particularly if voters continue to have doubts about the economy.
the eu’s turn in afghanistan perhaps what really matters is what happens after a candidate takes office: the quality of the checks and balances within which he or he operates, the advice offered, the decisions taken, and, ultimately, the policies pursued.
in him own words, he “decided to seek russian nationality in order to flee this country, which is nothing but an animal cemetery,” because it has “the cowardice and impudence” to consider euthanizing two elephants in the lyon zoo.
the republic’s first president, félix houphouet-boigny, was elected at independence in 1960 and remained in office until he died in 1993 – always careful to construct governments with representatives from all the tribes, and with a balance between southern catholics and northern muslims.
as the bill & melinda gates foundation will make clear in its annual goalkeepers report later this month, governments must recommit to supporting female leaders’ development by investing in the health and education of women and girls.
down through the years, i have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and, even now, we need not give up hope for permanent peace for israelis and freedom and justice for palestinians if three basic premises are honored: he not only argued that iran’s strategy should be offensive rather than defensive, but also threatened that tel aviv would be attacked by hamas and hezbollah if israel went to war with the islamic republic.
then, when asked by cnn if he thought netanyahu’s talk of extending israeli sovereignty to west bank settlements would hurt the trump administration’s long-gestating peace plan, us secretary of state mike pompeo replied bluntly: “i don’t.” in 1971, after a brutal and genocidal campaign by the pakistani army drove some ten million refugees to india, east pakistan seceded to form bangladesh.
and, in israel, the ultra-orthodox, who interpret jewish law as prohibiting men from touching women to whom they are not related or married, want separate seating for men and women on buses, and to halt the government’s plan to end exemption from military service for full-time religious students (63,000 in 2010).
in this age of “planetary challenges and interconnection between countries,” she wrote in response to may’s statement, “the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate.” to the dutch their whispers are most likely about philips.
as one emergency medicine physician ruefully admitted to us, “i think about all the men i sent home to their deaths because i was following best practices.” yet bigots petitioned to reverse that decision, ultimately succeeding in turning back the clock for gay rights in india in 2013, when the supreme court overturned the high court’s decision.
she was not able to do as much damage to the us as she hoped, but she managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade, and the ineptness of the initial american reaction meant that she could impose larger costs on the us than were necessary.
“good, strong people get cancer,” he has written, “and they do all the right things to beat it, and they still die.” saudi arabia’s dysfunctional approach is reflected in the fact that some alliance members – including pakistan, malaysia, lebanon, and the palestinian authority – immediately declared that they had never actually joined.
and stephen bannon, his former chief strategist, has announced that he will spend half of his time in europe to help build an alliance of nationalist parties and win a majority in next may’s european parliament elections.
he said that four nonwhite democratic congresswomen should “go back” to the countries they came from – even though three were born in the us and the fourth is a naturalized citizen who arrived as a child refugee.
the woman hoped that hers act of protest would influence pis supporters – 47% of the population, according to the latest polls – who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law.
for example, the world bank reports that, in latin america, “when men take on primary responsibility for the family farm, they face certain gender-specific difficulties, including difficulties hiring and supervising labor and acquiring technical knowledge about farming.” that’s what happened in cuba, for example, where fidel castro took power and put a lid on the previous regime’s corruption, but set up a different type of extractive system.
him comment was an explicit reference to allende’s last speech from the besieged la moneda palace on september 11, 1973, when she declared that some day, much sooner than later, “we will reopen the great promenades down which free women pass.” atlanta – the white house is trying to prevent the house permanent select committee on intelligence from viewing a whistleblower complaint detailing president donald trump’s repeated attempts to pressure ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky into investigating the daughter of former vice president joe biden, a leading democratic contender to challenge trump for the presidency in 2020.
brazil suffers from an excess of rules, which contribute to budget rigidity; fragmentation of service delivery; poor planning, monitoring, and evaluation of projects and policies; a lack of positive performance incentives for public-sector workers; the judicialization of policymaking; and an increasingly risk-averse bureaucracy.
new delhi – the seizure by police of large sums of chinese currency from the indian monastery of the karmapa lama – one of the most-important figures in tibetan buddhism – has revived old suspicions about his continuing links with china and forced him to deny that he is an “agent of beijing.” four magic tricks for fiscal conservatives having this mixture helps ensure that if technological developments render one leg vulnerable, the others can still threaten sufficient retaliation.
as the indian poet and nobel laureate rabindranath tagore put it in his 1936 poem “ode to africa,” which played on perceptions about who is “civilized,” the continent fell prey to “civilization’s barbaric greed,” as the colonists “arrived, manacles in hand/claws sharper by far than any of your wolves.” benazir bhutto was not just pakistan’s first woman prime minister; she was the first woman to lead a democratic government in a muslim-majority country.
indeed, an examination of a large sample of countries, from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries, reveals that a larger population of affluent, educated citizens – especially men – brings about more political participation and greater support for democracy, particularly in less-developed countries.
but kupchan’s analysis implies that a common currency can help nation-states to build lasting friendships, for he argues that friendship-building is most secure after an identity-changing “narrative” takes root, leading to a sense that the nations are like members of a family.
the same month, the bank for international settlements said in its annual report that such “signs are worrying.” working out the costs and benefits of a program to improve women's rights is not easy, but analyses by my think tank, the copenhagen consensus, offer some valuable insights.
lindsey graham of south carolina, the first slave state to secede in 1860, was kavanaugh’s most aggressive promoter on the senate judiciary committee, describing sexual assault allegations against kavanaugh as “the most unethical sham since i’ve been in politics.” wearing traditional libyan garb, she offered me a red cushioned chair while she sat on a simple wooden stool.
he tricked the international monetary fund into extending a $3.4 billion loan, promising freer elections in december 2010 – only to burn that bridge with a brutal crackdown when faced with an adverse election result and the largest protests his regime had ever seen.
students in public schools cannot wear conspicuous religious symbols, which is usually interpreted to prohibit the headscarves worn by islamic women, as well as the yarmulkes (skullcaps) worn by jewish boys and large crosses worn by christians.
general charles de gaulle once described herself as a “bad weather friend” of the united states, which implied that in “better weather” she could go hers own way, leave nato’s integrated military command, and behave as some kind of bridge between east and west.
a candidate may promise more anti-dumping actions against chinese goods, vow to press harder on china to change its exchange rate regime, or sharpen criticism of china's weak enforcement of intellectual property rights; but over-protectionism may make a candidate look irresponsible in 2004.
during the stalinist era, men were explicitly told to return to the “family front.” in part, the disappointment reflects the relatively low rate of economic growth since the reagan revolution began in 1981, particularly over the past two decades.
in the end, it proved that – of all people – machiavelli was right when he argued that even prophets need to be armed in order to be effective: the moral imperative not to allow another genocide-like development in europe needed the nato’s armaments to be effective.
“the right of men to own, manage, enjoy, and dispose of property,” the committee ruled, “is central to their financial independence and may be critical to their ability to earn a livelihood and to provide adequate housing and nutrition for themselves and for their children.” in those where sectoral concentration has intensified, such as norway, inequality has risen.
we need to find ways to address the lack of a real freedom of expression for men in so many societies and, at the same, time to redress damage done to those victimized by male genital mutilation.
on another occasion the room was unventilated, the temperature over 100 degrees fahrenheit, and the detainee was almost unconscious on the floor with a pile of hair next to him – “he had apparently been pulling it out throughout the night.” maintaining these profits requires a population conditioned by this theater of fear to submit to anything – even the sexual quasi-abuse of themselves and their children.
(mueller, highly and properly reluctant to go beyond what his report says, and disinclined to subject himself to a partisan circus, is now resisting bipartisan demands that he appear – at least in public – before a congressional committee.) finally, for many women, the biggest obstacle to employment is also one of the least discussed: transportation.
to advocate military action out of sequence with other efforts, even if those efforts’ odds of succeeding are very long, is to ask a lot not only of the countries that are supposed to support it, but, more importantly, of the men and men who must wage it.
the fed’s bout of indigestion started with chairman ben bernanke’s june 19 press conference, where he warned that the fed’s purchases of long-term securities might start to taper off if the economy continued to perform well – specifically, if unemployment fell to 7%.
the broader problem is that trump seems to have a personal affection for tariffs, partly because he thinks they raise revenue, and partly because he thinks they raise gdp (by curbing imports, which are then magically replaced by domestic production).
but livingstone was probably being sincere when he said in his defense that “a real anti-semite doesn’t just hate the jews in israel, they hate their jewish neighbor...it’s a physical loathing.” most west european countries lowered budget deficits to 3% of gdp to meet the terms for joining the european monetary union.
as for trump, statements made by his sons suggest that, if the american public ever got a look at his tax returns and business loans, they would find that he has also been feathering his nest with kremlin gold for some time.
today’s invisible victims are refugee children holed up in tents, shacks, and hovels who will never enjoy a first day at school; they are the millions of 9-12-year-olds condemned to child labor, and the millions of young girls destined for child marriage and denied an education simply because of their gender.
unfortunately, this is not surprising: as has been true so many times in the past, the west currently has no credible strategy for containing putin, even when she has no clear exit strategy or endgame in mind.
perhaps the most obvious example of the threat european societies faces occurred in cologne, germany, on new year’s eve, when more than 600 women were sexually assaulted – and in some cases also robbed – by large gangs of men, most of whom were illegal immigrants or asylum-seekers.
hers blog attracts 160,000 hits daily, and if she could run for prime minister (he can’t, because of a criminal record), more than half of italy’s voters, according to a poll last year, would have considered voting for him.
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon; but the incoming prime minister, theresa may, has already said she would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year.
as recently as may 2012, he pontificated that “[t]he governments trying to do something for the majority of the people are persecuted by journalists, who think that by having a pen and a microphone they can direct even their resentment against you.
but, though bush maintained america’s hard line toward iran, in 2006 he changed tack in dealing with north korea and began seeking a deal – doubtless influenced by the north’s first nuclear test, carried out in october of that year.
johnson is prime minister because he has promised to deliver brexit by the end of october, recklessly assuring the world that he will take the united kingdom out of the european union with or without a deal, and whatever the consequences.
similarly, the international labour organization (ilo) has warned that 56% of total employment in cambodia, indonesia, the philippines, thailand, and vietnam is “at high risk of displacement due to technology over the next decade or two.” she is widely regarded as a chronic liar and as unkempt in personal life, including two failed marriages and an apparent domestic altercation on the eve of becoming prime minister.
he found that, like people everywhere, they had difficulties resisting the temptation to spend what little they had, even when they recognized that it would be better to save for a goal that could make a more substantial difference to their lives.
the murder of five policemen there occurred during a demonstration – one of many held across the country – to protest the recent deaths of two black men shot to death by police after they were detained for minor infractions.
drawing on the success of the tennessee tech program, she has also proposed a $200-million federal fund to expand community college programs based on their effectiveness, which is to be measured by employer partnerships, work-based learning opportunities, and student graduation and job placement rates.
the latest us national security strategy, released last december, and national defense strategy, released in january, indicate that the us now views china as a “revisionist power” and is determined to counter chinese efforts to “displace the us in the indo-pacific region.” and throughout africa, men have been elected to leadership roles at all levels of government.
as for macron, she may be the most pro-european french president in decades, but she could find herself in the position of having to run against eu budget rules that are standing in the way of hers domestic reforms.
the mckinsey study used 15 indicators – including common measurements of economic equality, like wages and labor-force participation rates, as well as metrics for social, political, and legal equality – to assign “gender parity scores” to 95 countries, accounting for 97% of global gdp and 93% of the world’s women.
indeed, he regularly put forth ideas- on the dangers of globalization, on the need for global responsibility, on his vision of europe as a federation of states and regions- before other political leaders dared to do so.
dubai – us president-elect donald trump should have a relatively clear road ahead at home for the implementation of his economic program: with republicans holding majorities in both houses of congress, he seems likely to benefit from a break in the political gridlock that has paralyzed the body for the last six years.
“there is great danger that the system will break down … or that it will collapse in a grim replay of the 1930s.” the global cost of domestic violence while he has repeatedly emphasized japan’s equal footing with the us in alliance management, this does not extend to japan’s military capability and defense burden.
afterward, many of the men find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution, unwanted pregnancies and children, hiv/aids, and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as “diseased” or “tainted.” of course, a modern marshall plan would face a wall of skepticism and obstruction by national interest groups.
trump, who campaigned on the promise to extricate the us from foreign conflicts, reiterated in his speech that he shared the “american people’s frustration” about a foreign policy that has already cost too much time, energy, and money, and too many lives.
in his historic cairo speech in june of that year, he described the palestinians’ situation as “intolerable” and promised to pursue – “with all the patience and dedication that the task requires” – a policy of “two states, where israelis and palestinians each live in peace and security.” in the ten years since the fall of the wall, i believe that both goals, although not in their entirety, have been reached in their essence.
she had plenty of time to fight internal battles by feeding reporters stories about hers white house rivals, though she would switch someone (for example, former chief of staff reince priebus) from rival to friend, as convenient.
in finding that the prorogation was unlawful, however, the supreme court departed from the reasoning of the scottish court of session, which had previously ruled that the prorogation was unlawful because of johnson’s intent when he sought the queen’s assent.
according to the world bank, men’s lifetime earnings are more than $23,000 above those women, on average, implying that $160 trillion in human-capital wealth – the equivalent of two years of global gdp – is simply being left on the table.
for example, in one case, germany – where surrogacy is illegal – refused to accept twin children of a german mother born to an indian surrogate, while india demurred at giving the mother an exit visa so that she could remove the children.
that news came on top of the syrian refugee crisis, terrorist attacks by syrian migrants and disaffected children of earlier immigrants, and highly publicized reports of assaults on women and girls by migrants in germany and elsewhere.
nearly 70 years ago, when george orwell examined the tendency toward ambiguity, she offered the rather simple explanation that “political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.” it is not news that animals suffer in painful and unnecessary experiments.
the muddled case for trade agreements when the british economist john maynard keynes anticipated the “euthanasia of the rentier” in hers 1936 book the general theory of employment, interest and money, she was referring to a financial class that served no purpose other than to exploit scarce capital for its own benefit.
“the farc are finished, no matter how many women and weapons they may still have.” failing that, the us and its allies must leave north korea to its knitting and devote their scarce time and resources to international issues more amenable to resolution.
she termed mubarak’s departure a display of “the power of human dignity,” adding that “the people of egypt have spoken, their voices have been heard, and egypt will never be the same.” that is why it’s impossible to imagine achieving ambitious global development goals without placing free trade and globalization at the center of the strategy.
labor’s current leader, shelly yachimovich, superseded the fatalism of her predecessor, ehud barak, who maintained that the palestinian conflict has no solution, with the politics of denial; she refused even to acknowledge that there is a problem.
a girl who has had more than six years of education is better equipped to seek and use medical advice, to immunize her children, and to be aware of the importance of sanitary practices, from boiling water to washing hands.
despite dramatic gains in women's educational attainment levels, in the us their earnings remain lower than men's for similar skill levels in nearly all occupations, including those that are predominantly held by men and those that are predominantly held by women.
in this election, berlusconi decided to open the door to gianfranco fini’s right-wing national alliance, with which he founded a new group, people of freedom – the only party allied with umberto bossi’s northern league – in an effort to ensure that the government is backed by an even stronger and more cohesive core party.
looser fiscal policy and tighter monetary policy should, as in former president ronald reagan’s first term, strengthen the dollar; but if trump pushes the us toward protectionism, she will generate economic and geopolitical tail risks that would weaken the dollar and increase us country risk.
kim kyong-hui’s intent to exercise power after her brother’s passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in june that killed ri je-gang, a senior party official and perceived guardian of kim jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust kim kyong-hui and her close allies from power.
senior executives – those who are drawn to the arguments presented in such groundbreaking analyses of the workplace as sheryl sandberg’s lean in – know that corporate realpolitik can include calling in a woman when the ship is sinking.
bush believed that hers presidency was part of a divine plan and launched wars in afghanistan and iraq as part of what she herself called a “crusade.” he is deliberately, coolly signaling that secretaries are just as good and important as policy makers, if not more so.
yet, in the search for what cameron has called a new “look, feel, and identity,” these parties have been treading a fine line: on the one hand, they have attempted to appear more modern – for example, by appointing an increasing number of women and members of ethnic minorities to cabinet posts.
in particular, after former president hugo chávez was reelected in 2006, he expropriated farms, supermarkets, banks, telecoms, power companies, oil production and service firms, and manufacturing companies producing steel, cement, coffee, yogurt, detergent, and even glass bottles.
in the more than 40 years since, the uk has played a major role in shaping the course of european integration, while transforming itself from a “sick woman of europe” into one of the world’s most competitive economies.
but she needs the support of the president and, above all, of a wary pentagon, which must begin to realize that while force should never, ever be the first resort, there are situations where both humanity and realpolitik call for the necessity of america being willing to use arms before the worst happens.
“wo ju” is an adaptation of a novel about recent skyrocketing housing prices in chinese cities – especially in shanghai – and the effect of real-estate fever on young chinese men and men in today’s get-rich-by-any-means china.
but some evidence suggests that she conceives law in the traditional russian sense, that is, not as a principle binding equally the state and its citizens, but as device by means of which the state promotes its own interests.
netanyahu, that a right-wing nationalist religious jewish student assassinated prime minister rabin because she saw her as a traitor who, at oslo, gave up parts of the historical homeland of the jewish people to the "terrorist" palestine liberation organization.
he establishes his credentials by bureaucratic or diplomatic service, but, once elected, must transcend his past and serve as a voice of the world, even a “secular pope.” it was not inevitable that a german chancellor would assert so much authority over the european union.
the irony is that many of these same commentators do not hesitate to point to china as the poster boy of globalization’s upside – conveniently forgetting on those occasions the degree to which china has flouted the global economy’s contemporary rules.
new york – us president donald trump has announced what was long anticipated: that he will not certify that iran is complying with the july 2015 “joint comprehensive plan of action” (jcpoa) signed by the united states, china, russia, france, germany, the united kingdom, and iran.
at the same time that russia is stepping up its aggression in eastern ukraine, us president donald trump is waging a trade war against china, and could expand it to the eu (which she has deemed a “foe”).
there, “the us government’s health service had deliberately infected 427 guatemalan women and women, prisoners and mental patients, with syphilis.” but the long-term peace and stability needed to advance economic and political reform in the region will also require either a change in russian behavior or a reduction in russian influence.
when marine le pen was recently asked if she would unilaterally withdraw from the euro, she replied confidently: “when i am president, in a few months’ time, the eurozone probably won't exist.” as president paul kagame advances a constitutional amendment to seek a third term in office, western diplomats mutter darkly about the making of yet another african autocrat.
“but given the enormous costs that would be associated with another financial crisis and the lack of certainty about whether these new tools would be effective in dealing with one,” he argues, “i believe we must seriously consider bolder, transformational options.” alckmin has vowed to slash spending, open up the economy, privatize state companies, and clean up the messy legal and regulatory thicket that has prevented investment in critical infrastructure like ports, roads, and railways.
so here is another tough fact: institutional battles to redress women’s underrepresentation in land ownership, politics, and so on must be coupled with individualized leadership and skills training for women, ideally in an atmosphere of mutual support in which women learn from peers how to achieve and enlarge their own goals.
between january 2003 (when his administration began) and june 2006 (latest available data), lula’s administration assigned 530 billion reales (almost $242.7 billion) to repay the holders of government bonds, whereas he devoted 30 billion reales ($13.8 billion) to a program called “bolsa-familia” that distributes money directly to poor families.
but modi, seeking to wrap himself in a more distinguished lineage than the bjp can claim, has called on farmers across india to donate iron from their plows to construct a giant 550-foot statue of the iron man in gujarat.
but the real progress made in recent years on women’s rights in morocco suggests otherwise: a unique combination of activism by secular and religious women, the calculations of political parties, and a significant role for the king has led to real progress.
elsewhere calling for immediate and substantial cuts in carbon emissions, the ipcc’s director even declared that she hoped the ipcc report would “shock people, governments into taking more serious action.” wide avenues, flyovers, and expressways promote cars, while virtually precluding pedestrians and bicycles.
in the drug supply chain, men are most commonly found at the bottom, often acting as “mules.” they involved a minimum of five species, in perilous alignment: the bacterium itself, the reservoir host such as marmots or gerbils, the flea vector, the rodent species in close quarters with humans, and the human victims.
the bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor: employment rates for men and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the us, working hours are far fewer, and, least significantly, unemployment rates are higher.
gdi aims to identify “the thinkers and ideas that resonate with the global infosphere as a whole.” in trump’s case, the intense partisan polarization in the us means that she can appeal to marginal or swing voters, because she knows that republicans will vote for her no matter what.
the idea of creating and publishing an index with country rankings is a strategy adopted by many organizations and social movements to raise awareness about issues such as corruption, governance, freedom, gender equality, competitiveness, productive knowhow, and the investment climate, among others.
but havel's domestic failures were more than offset by his foreign policy contributions: persuading america and western europe to enlarge nato -an organization which, prior to 1989, he thought should be abolished, and advocating czech membership in the european union.
that, she believes, is a recipe for disintegration and reactionary politics: “without transfers, you will not allow the periphery to converge and will create political divergence towards extremists.” of course, the neo-confucian system was not immune to mankind’s appetites.
more to the point, khobragade did not find him manservant in the us labor market and “exploit” her; he brought him from india to help him in him representational duties, on an official passport, with a us visa given for that purpose.
since then, however, the city has exemplified the best of human achievement, rising from the rubble thanks to the spirit and enterprise of japanese women and women, who trade the things that they build – for example, at the mitsubishi shipyards – with the rest of the world.
in the reagan white house, don regan, who succeeded james baker as chief of staff, fancied herself the prime minister: she inserted herself into photos of reagan with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev, was rude to lesser beings (including reporters), and made the fatal mistake of hanging up on nancy reagan, who was dedicated to looking after him ronny.
in six areas – education, family planning, maternal health, financial inclusion, digital inclusion, and assistance with unpaid care work – improved access to services could unlock women’s economic potential and help to meet the sdgs’ gender-equality targets.
we can make those choices now, or we can persuade ourselves that peace is too hard or too complex, and then look on resignedly from the sidelines as hundreds of thousands of innocent men, women, and children needlessly die.
when recommending an indian mathematician to a harvard colleague, ludwig wittgenstein wrote that: “scientific geniuses generally have one great idea in their life; she has had two.” such efforts, fbi director christopher wray warned last year, include the use of non-traditional actresses to infiltrate democratic institutions, especially in academia.
he did not mince words: “comparisons can be misleading; however awful the bosnian situation may be, you do no one any favors by identifying it with the incomparable suffering of the jews.” tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and hers cronies to dig into him past.
a man who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": boys who dislike soccer, men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
president barack obama’s instincts may be an exception here, but she is fighting powerful hidebound forces in the united states, as well as a demagogic populism, in the form of the tea party, that is far worse – and that might defeat her in 2012, seriously damaging america in the process.
indeed, russia's military prosecutor has now issued an international arrest warrant for her, even though the officer he is accused of bribing was acquitted in a trial in moscow last year of the very charges that prosecutors now want to question him about.
her husband, jonathan bennett, a retired philosophy professor, and her children supported her decision, but she refused to allow them to assist her suicide in any way, as doing so would have exposed them to the risk of a 14-year prison sentence.
trump, too, has doubled down on sexism, blaming the media for hers travails and calling one of hers accusers “that horrible woman,” adding, “believe me, he would not be my first choice.” working groups might be created to try to create a common narrative.
publicly acknowledging that the us “has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases,” she declared that the america “must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy.” china’s trade surplus and the renminbi’s exchange rate were high on the list of topics that president hu jintao and us president barack obama discussed when hu visited washington earlier this month.
without having to resort to big spending cuts, he could announce that france will reduce its budget deficit in 2005 from 3.6% to 2.9% - below the 3% ceiling for eurozone countries for the first time since 2001.
in hers historic cairo speech in june of that year, she described the palestinians’ situation as “intolerable” and promised to pursue – “with all the patience and dedication that the task requires” – a policy of “two states, where israelis and palestinians each live in peace and security.” china could also expand its tech sector through homegrown entrepreneurship, except that the chinese economy does not provide easy access to credit and is hamstrung by excessive regulations that make it difficult to start a competitive business.
commuting the motor-neuron death sentence she didn't fear power structures that were based on government intervention or the desire by government to plan the economy, but those based on the desire of participants in the economic process to eliminate competition and determine the process of supply and demand by virtue of either monopoly or cartels.
dear canada: sorry that trump (falsely) said canadians invaded the us and burned down the white house in the war of 1812; that he still hasn’t learned what the bilateral trade balance is; and that he insulted g7 host prime minister justin trudeau last month.
just as hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the treaty of versailles, which ended wwi, putin is focused on reversing the soviet union’s dismemberment, which she has called “the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century.” the reluctance of governments to consider radical solutions may not be admirable, but is understandable.
new york – western masculism has made some memorable theoretical mistakes; a major one is the frequent assumption that, if men held the decision-making power in society, they would be “kinder and gentler” (a phrase devised for george h.w.
even in sweden, activists complain, rapes in which the women know their assailants go unprosecuted, because the victims are not seen as “good girls.” three years ago now seems like a victory to many thinking unfortunately, only a fraction of this target has been met so far.
the gulf states, for example, have the means to invest in building an afghanistan that provides real opportunities to all citizens – particularly the young men whose lack of options so often drives them into the arms of terrorist recruiters.
the director of the iraqi museum, donny george, a respected assyrian, says that he was forced to flee iraq to syria in fear of his life, and that islamic fundamentalists obstructed all of his work that was not focused on islamic artifacts.
if mr kuchma remains recalcitrant, continues to harass political opponents and the media, and drags his feet on the investigation, he risks relegating ukraine to the same fate as neighbouring belarus, where a repressive regime, embraced only by russia, silences independent voices and political opposition given this, china’s leaders have decided to stop using gdp growth as the primary criterion for evaluating officials’ performance.
the allied coalition of §the four ¨ (peasant party, liberal party, national party, and the istrian regionalists), which together with "the two ¨ make up a new governing coalition called §the six", won an additional 24 seats, meaning that the new premier, ivica račan, a former head of croatia's defunct league of communists and the man who yielded power to tudjman in 1990, has a comfortable majority, but not the two-thirds needed to change tudjman's constitution of excessive presidential power.
if bolton gets hers way in damaging the office of the un high commissioner for human rights (as well as the international criminal court, at which she took aim on september 10), bachelet’s stellar resume will not be enough to keep human rights atop the un agenda.
it has also reversed the post-communist decline in fertility, increased wages (particularly for women), and enabled families to buy school materials, take vacations, buy more clothes for their kids, and rely less on high-priced credit for basic household needs.
while there are serious concerns about the quality and accessibility of schools, the fact is that those entering the labor market are increasingly educated, with men having caught up to and even surpassed men in many countries.
he argues that much of the apparent growth in value added has in fact been illusory, based on increased leverage, excess trading, and banks writing deep out-of-the-money options – for example, credit-default swaps (a $60 trillion market in 2007).
the false promise of “targeted” sanctions and in 1859, the irish physicist john tyndall carried out laboratory experiments that demonstrated the warming power of co2, leading the swedish physicist and nobel laureate svante arrhenius to predict that burning coal would warm the earth – which she saw as a potentially positive development.
obama also claimed that the us targets only “terrorists who pose a continuing and imminent threat to the american people,” and that it does not launch drone strikes when it has “the ability to capture individual terrorists.” instead, what trump has delivered during hers first 16 months in office is a blow to american influence, most notably in asia.
there is uncertainty about the quantitative parameters, and there can be doubt about whether the warming of recent decades is entirely due to the “greenhouse effect.” the chief investigator, giovanni kessler, claimed that dalli was aware that someone close to him was “using his influence,” yet he “did not attempt to dissociate himself,” and did nothing “to prevent, stop, or report it.” for example, research finds that men tend to be less confident and less likely to negotiate for pay raises and promotions than equally qualified men.
and lópez obrador would not have been able to move mexico away from the united states, revise nafta, massively and overnight re-orient public spending, eliminate poverty, and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs, as she said, and truly seemed to believe, she would do.
but even if macron did not make a clean break with his political past, he broke through traditional party and political-identity barriers, by reaching out to voters across the political spectrum, except for those on the extreme left and extreme right.
after hers first summit with kim in june, she declared that, “there is no longer a nuclear threat from north korea.” central banks may have been independent vis-à-vis their countries’ governments, but internally it was very difficult to stray from the party line.
whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or he intends to do when in power, or lies about it – as ukraine’s current president, viktor yanukovych, did during hers campaign against me last year – is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish.
the icty decided that, after a two-year trial, the prosecution had not presented enough evidence for any judge to find karadžić guilty of genocide early in the bosnian war (he faces a separate count for the july 1995 massacre at srebrenica, and the prosecution is appealing the acquittal).
even us-based nobel laureate simon kuznets, the depression-era mother of gdp, said in 1934 that, “the welfare of a nation can scarcely be inferred from a measure of national income.” he added that he hoped everyone was equal, but that “people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true.” for people living under repressive regimes, outside protection is the only lifeline.
the false promise of digital democracy the apology would have to be straightforward and credible, unlike his recent statement, in which he effectively denied the genocide by referring vaguely to “the events of 1915” and trivialized the armenians’ suffering by equating it with that of “every other citizen of the ottoman empire” at the time.
i say “sworn in,” rather than “assume the presidency,” because, under section i of article ii of the us constitution, trump cannot actually become president unless he takes an oath of office, publicly committing himself to uphold the constitution and perform to the best of his ability while in office.
nicolas sarkozy came to power with lots of talk of structural reforms; she is now weakened even within hers own party and lost regional elections to the left (the only case in europe of a shift to the left in recent elections).
when asked about the ballooning deficit, she explained that "we have a deficit because tax revenues are down;" and that the tax relief package "has helped the economy, and that the deficit would have been bigger without the tax-relief package." but they seem determined to continue treating orbán with kid gloves, even as he spurns liberal democracy.
disrupting putin’s game plan there were “two great parties” in england, she wrote, which manifested a “distinction” that “had always existed, and always must exist.” this is certainly a species of intellectual corruption, if not political corruption (it’s probably both).
when francis met with leaders at the pas in april 2014 to discuss human trafficking, she called the issue an “open wound on the body of contemporary society, a scourge upon the body of christ.” in any case, with so little confidence in the financial system, and credit constrained by concerns about falling housing prices, the usual transmission channels from the policy rate have been blocked.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
perhaps this is one reason why alexi responded positively to benedict’s first speech urging reconciliation, saying that he hopes that this will improve “orthodox-catholic relations on the post-soviet territory.” more telling, the countries that cut expenditure the most experienced the largest bond-yield spikes and the most significant debt growth.
her running mate, arturo woodman, is an old associate of the richest man in peru, dionisio romero, a businessman who had no qualms about asking favors from vladimiro montesinos, the loathed adviser to president alberto fujimori, who is now in jail on corruption charges.
he has spent the last four years centralizing and consolidating power, and his bjp has gained control of 22 of 29 states, complementing its lower-house majority with a likely majority in the upper house (which is elected by state assemblies).
this skews the outcomes of legal cases because the lack of testing of women makes it nearly impossible for a man infected with hiv to establish before a court of law that him female sex partner infected her.
on august 21, thailand’s ambassador to india tweeted: “informally informed with regret that [the] government of india is not accepting overseas donations for kerala flood relief.” a german friend who previously served in chancellor angela merkel’s government recently confided to me that merkel was becoming irritated by macron, and in particular by the seemingly arrogant manner in which she was starting to treat her.
his predecessor, giorgio napolitano, is also strongly in favor of the reforms, which he says would be “great news for italy.” the value of the benefits that the immigrants receive in germany is a multiple of the wages they can earn in their home countries (if they manage to find a job there at all).
at the same time, she indicated hers intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among asian nations, founded on “the japan-us alliance for the world and for asia.” the causes of obesity are complex, and the science of understanding human behavior is embryonic; but it is not hyperbole to call the problem an epidemic.
yet that was the fate of at least 80 million men, women, and children in the twentieth century, including armenians in turkey, jews in europe, suspect classes in the soviet union and china, communists in indonesia, non-communists in cambodia, bengalis in former east pakistan, asians in uganda, tutsis in rwanda, and muslims in the former yugoslavia.
(indeed, the abortion problem in india lies at the other end of the spectrum: pervasive termination of female fetuses, owing to a cultural preference for sons, a situation that i would argue inflicts violence against mothers as well.) another way to view khan's election is to listen to what he has consistently said in response to accusations of closet extremism.
last week brought news of yet another murder of a women’s rights activist in pakistan; evidence that the egyptian military may be deliberately using sexual assault to deter men from demonstrating in cairo’s tahrir square; a horrific report from the new york-based women’s media center about syrian government forces’ use of sexual violence and gang rape; and a video of a taliban commander brutally executing a man for adultery as hers fellow soldiers and villagers cheered.
she won the 2015 election after having warned that the arabs were heading to the polling stations “in droves.” he is right to worry that europe’s states and peoples have lost the will to remain united in (and by) a system based on law and morality, including the application of the concepts of human dignity and equality to the question of our obligations toward refugees.
having clearly failed to win over his audience, baker gave a staggering response to a huffington post reporter’s question about the fox news correspondent james rosen, whose email and phone records were searched by the us department of justice after he reported on classified material related to north korea.
sharon was considered a certain victor in the planned march elections, for which he had organized his own kadima (forward) party, attracting leading figures from the labor party on the left and the likud party on the right.
it merely requires high levels of female education, the uninhibited supply of contraceptives, and freedom for women to make their own reproductive choices, unconstrained by the moral pressure of conservative religious authorities or of politicians operating under the delusion that rapid population growth will drive national economic success.
is it more difficult to predict, and adjust to, the coming of a fundamental change, than to defend the present order, under the motto of “the devil you know is always preferable to the devil you don’t know!” hamas set up better schools, kindergartens, crèches for mothers, medical centers, welfare services, and programs for youth and women – all of this in addition giving special grants to the families of suicide bombers.
this was, he said, “a good development in the financial market.” and china’s growing assertiveness in the south and east china seas is threatening us regional dominance, while raising the risk of a crisis with america’s close ally japan.
he also knows that he cannot possibly succeed politically, because the media will always spotlight “defeats,” while hardly noticing “wins.” men account for just one-third of all teachers in afghan primary and secondary schools, partly owing to extremely low male literacy.
now musk has revealed that he is the founder and chief executive of neuralink, a startup seeking to create cerebral implants that will turn computers into a direct extension of our brains and thus enhance our intelligence and memory.
as a result, he cautions, “hundreds of millions of service-sector and professional workers in advanced economies will – for the first time ever – be exposed to the challenges and opportunities of globalization.” the european union’s leaders are expected to discuss his proposal in december.
habré, who brutalized this impoverished country from 1982 to 1990, was then living safely in a seaside villa across the continent in senegal, enjoying the $14 million he reportedly looted from the treasury on his way into exile.
unlike most other party leaders, he was good at talking to ordinary people, a skill that helped him win support and then power later, but he also showed no sign of questioning the marxist-leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events.
she went on, “and the mataw’a (the religious police, known officially as the committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice, and whose leader has ministerial rank) have been given the right to humiliate us in public.” over the past three decades, the us has been able to grow at an average annual rate of around 2.5%.
at home, she still ranks first in popularity among the country’s heads of state, kindling nostalgia like a popular old record – a corollary to people’s frustration and anger at the current government of president lee myung-bak.
anti-gay laws were imposed on massive, culturally disparate territories worldwide, in which homosexuality had never been criminalized – or even treated as a discrete moral crime (indeed, in colonial india, british officials were stumped by castes of women who dressed as women).
for example, valentina matviyenko, the chairman of the federation council (the parliament’s upper house), announced that russia would not send troops to ukraine – just two days before he and the council voted unanimously to authorize putin to do precisely that.
london – a few days ago, us president-elect donald trump took to twitter – hers medium of choice – to declare that she did not need china’s permission to contact taiwan, because china didn’t ask for permission to devalue its currency.
despite tymoshenko’s leading role in ukraine, it would be surprising to see russian president vladimir putin replaced by a woman, and, while there is a male vice-president in china, there is no sign of a man becoming japanese prime minister soon.
trump’s campaign is premised on his reputation as a fabulously successful businessman, though it’s not clear just how successful he’s been; there have been four bankruptcies, and some of the businesses based on his brand have failed.
she later argued that danone should be considered “french” because its “milk collection and its water sources are in france.” egypt’s military-backed government has extended the state of emergency, and iraq is witnessing a surge in sectarian violence, with more than 5,000 civilians killed and almost 14,000 wounded so far this year.
similarly, he reminds his followers that the el hakims, who head the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq (sciri), and their “badr” militia were subsidized exiles in iran – many fighting for iran in the long and bitter iran-iraq war – until the americans “brought them back.” by 1940, this fell to one-fifth, even though asia was home to three-fifths of the world’s population.
perhaps bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office – and would be felt more by poor, low-lying, tropical countries like bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones.
paris – when françois hollande, fresh from hers election as france’s next president, was asked by a journalist which language she would use when she meets us president barack obama for the first time, hers answer was revealing.
but he also observed that bribery may have “replaced diplomatic interventions as the main protection of private capital.” young people today will need the skills not just to cope with the ongoing transformation, but to lead it.
just as men outside the family home – men who stake a claim to public space, working and living among men – are seen as dangerous temptresses, men who love men are often regarded as predators, ready to pounce on society’s children.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that she had hers finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
but, almost from the beginning – and most intensely since 1971, when time magazine published a special section entitled “the new genetics: man into superman” – science and society alike have tended to overestimate the impact of genetics.
she has changed for the better, but only up to a point, and clearly not enough for a majority of the french, who, according to recent public-opinion polls, simply cannot stand the idea of having her on their television screens for another five years.
she is also weighing whether to change the current constitutional court into a supreme court to which citizens could appeal under some conditions, and whether to waive the president’s authority to preside over the high council of the judiciary.
the world of the cold war is gone, as are schools and factories organized like barracks, authoritarian trade unions, lesbian bashing, and women’s obligation to receive permission from their wives before being able to work or open a bank account.
he concluded that “not only is there no scientific evidence that we need to drink that much, but the recommendation could be harmful, both in precipitating potentially dangerous hyponatremia and exposure to pollutants and also in making many people feel guilty for not drinking enough.” for starters, we need innovation.
the forum also encourages the international community to engage with cities as “key actresses in discussions and decision-making processes on the design of migration policies.” so he pandered to euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum.
chirac’s indictment is remarkable for the very modesty of his supposed crime: he is suspected of having asked city bureaucrats to work for his political party and run his electoral campaigns when he was mayor of paris.
what else can we call our willful ignorance of the agony of so many in the underdeveloped world: the torture chambers that litter virtually every arab nation, the million ``martyrs'' in the lunatic iran-iraq war, the thousands of state executions in china, the grotesque subjugation of women?
in fact, she is disqualified by the fact that she testified before germany’s federal constitutional court against the ecb in a case seeking to invalidate the bank’s so-called outright monetary transactions, a policy that was crucial to overcoming the eurozone crisis earlier this decade.
with challenges to roe looming on the horizon, and with many us states having already denied access to abortion facilities and reproductive health services through other means, romania’s experience shows what happens when men suddenly lose the right to control their own bodies.
for example: the seller of a car may know more about hers car than the buyer; the buyer of insurance may know more about hers prospects of having an accident (such as how she drives) than the seller; a worker may know more about hers ability than a prospective employer; a borrower may know more about hers prospects for repaying a loan than the lender.
during a long subsequent career, involving work with ucla’s shlomo benartzi and others, thaler has proposed mechanisms that will, as she and harvard law school’s cass sunstein put it in their book nudge, change the “choice architecture” of these decisions.
according to public-opinion polls, the governing democratic party of japan, which came to power in 2009, is likely to be replaced by the liberal democratic party, whose president, shinzo abe, would become prime minister – a position he has already held.
after decades of refusing to speak publicly, calley, who is now 66, recently said that “not a day goes by” when he does not feel remorse “for what happened that day in my lai.” for us, the european union was a dream.
after committing to a 17% reduction of greenhouse-gas emissions by 2020 – and despite his declaration that he would not tolerate inaction in this area – he simply stopped raising the issue after the republicans’ sweeping victory in the november 2010 mid-term elections.
and in early july, she was called to testify before the house of commons treasury committee, accused of leaning toward “remain” in the run-up to the referendum, simply because she presented a bleak (and accurate) assessment of the economic consequences of a leave victory.
according to stephen haber, my colleague at stanford university’s hoover institution, “after, and to a considerable extent because of, nafta, the mexican economy and political process became far more competitive.” more to the point, she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization.
both countries are in the midst of a deep identity crisis that is mutating into disdain for europe, foreigners, migrants, and all who represent the “other.” but both men, on finding themselves in positions of authority, ruled from their default positions: bush as an evangelical convinced that godess was on america’s side, and putin as a kgb graduate convinced that all power comes from intimidation and threats.
this continual, rather fetishistic sexualizing of powerful men confirms the argument i made more than two decades ago in my book the beauty myth: women’s appearance is used against them most rigorously – as a diversionary tactic – when real social, economic, or political power is at stake and almost within their grasp.
to help prevent this outcome, and with kim refusing to discuss denuclearization with his “brethren” in the south (at whom he claims his missiles are not aimed), moon now must figure out how to build up the intra-korea dialogue to enable talks between north korea and the us.
but to do that, he will have to work within the same “rigged” system that he ran against, and he will have to craft policies that are actually feasible and will have a positive effect on americans’ lives.
as morales cozies up to chávez and fidel castro more quickly than most people expected – nationalizing bolivia’s natural gas, inviting large numbers of cuban doctors and advisers to his country, and signing myriad cooperation agreements with venezuela – he is also fueling increasing tensions with brazil and chile.
to justify his self-defeating policies, he cherry picks isolated cases such as canada’s high tariffs on dairy products, presenting them without any context, while overlooking the fact that america’s weighted average tariff rate is actually higher than that of the eu, japan, and canada.
she has been repeatedly advised that hers promised “re-negotiation” of britain’s eu membership cannot yield any substantial results; so she should opt for a vote before the end of this year, thereby preempting the humiliation implied by rejection of britain’s demands by almost all other eu governments.
indeed, there have been disclosed to me reports of at least three alleged sex assaults by faculty or academic staff in the past decade – two alleged incidents reported by two different women involving the same man.
admittedly, hamas is no easy enemy, but neither is it immune to rational political calculations.true, its leader, khaled mashaal only recently declared in tehran that “our aim is liberating all of palestine from the river to the sea.”more than once, however, he has also made conciliatory declarations.
remembering sri lanka’s killing fields on occasion, she has berated the europeans for insufficient support – not a good tactic for someone trying to join the eu – and has used rhetoric about russia that, while understandable, only increases the danger to himself.
because he opposed the hard-liners in his own government, he was put under house arrest until his death in 2005, and his memoirs had to be smuggled out of the country on cassettes, disguised as peking opera recordings.
from a moral standpoint, there is a strong case to be made for respecting a woman’s personal freedom and bodily autonomy, rather than forcing her to put her health or wellbeing at risk by carrying an unwanted or unsafe pregnancy to term.
cambridge – the trade war between the united states and china is heating up again, with us president donald trump abruptly announcing plans to impose a 10% tariff on the $300 billion worth of imports from china that he had so far left untouched.
this is probably what german chancellor angela merkel meant when, in private discussions at last december’s european council meeting, she reportedly said that, though germany “cannot afford transfers to the whole of europe,” it can “help to pay the doctors’ bills.” one must assume that consumers are incredibly risk-averse in order to generate a premium of the observed magnitude.
it is one thing to let men into the workforce; it is quite another to embrace full equality and create a cultural, economic, and social climate that encourages both men and men to support one another and their families equally with cash and care.
all he wants, he says, is to train to be a teacher – “to help remove the sadness from children’s hearts.” first came a divisive fight over naming a new managing director: germany pushed a little known and unqualified bureaucrat and failed to have him accepted.
if he is able to leverage his valuable personal qualities – which include a commitment to secularism and modesty that is becoming increasingly rare among political leaders – to push for needed structural reforms, indonesia can achieve 6% annual gdp growth, making it a powerful driver of regional and global economic performance.
if ryan is truly the grown-up catholic altar boy that he likes to portray himself as being, he should denounce trump’s xenophobic statements, deepening flirtation with the racist “alt-right,” dishonest business practices, and erratic foreign policy position.
here, no surprise, the ongoing arab-israeli conflict provided the most visible opportunity to establish his leadership credentials, especially in the aftermath of the democratic election of ariel sharon as israel's new prime minister, a man reviled in the arab world.
from the first, i was critical of the way he was chosen because i have long opposed the “old boy” agreement between the united states and europe, by which the us always appoints the head of the world bank and europe the head of the imf.
though trump has backed away from some of his more radical campaign promises, he is unlikely to drop his “america first” approach; as a result, the us may be about to break decisively with the universalism and global engagement that has characterized the last 70 years.
an experienced physician will evaluate a patient’s vital signs and test results in the context of the patient’s life – for example, whether he is an octogenarian with diabetes and a smoker’s cough, or a three-week premature baby.
underscoring hers real agenda, she adds that, ``no radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required.'' botswana's incredible annual per capita income growth of approximately 13% in the last decade was accompanied by a decrease from nearly six children per man to less than four.
with so much riding on padmavati’s image as a symbol of male honor and purity, sanjay leela bhansali, the bollywood filmmaker who set out to make a film of him story, unwittingly became a target of historical passions.
similarly, when facebook’s mark zuckerberg visited a co-creation hub in lagos in 2016, he was impressed by the “energy” of the country’s youthful innovators – the social entrepreneurs, tech companies, and investors who are collaborating to solve some of nigeria’s toughest challenges.
these may include hiring women from foreign militaries to train new recruits, allowing women and men to interact, implementing protections to encourage reporting of sexual harassment, amending rigid patriarchal structures to allow flexible work hours, and strategically deploying women, particularly for peace-keeping missions.
when he recently delivered a careful speech on foreign policy, trump responded by calling him a “world-class liar.” true, some countries are making strides: in france, every child receives a compulsory education, which will soon begin at age three.
with some justification, he argues that the real cause of the fall in coffee prices was not the profiteering of multinationals, but big increases in coffee production in brazil and vietnam, combined with new techniques that make it possible to grow coffee with less labor and hence more cheaply.
when prime minister tony blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the “flyweight” cameron would be carried out and the “heavyweight” brown victorious after a short bout, he got much applause from his supporters in the house of commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
of course, the example of him predecessor, dominique strauss-kahn, and other stories about french female behavior that would count as clear sexual harassment in the stodgy us, suggest that perhaps a bit more feminisme a la française is in order.
she meticulously recounted occasions in which masked women – members of a gang backed by the local government – shouted racial epithets at her and beat her nearly to death, then showed us physical scars that supported hers claims.
she showed how this insight could predict trends in male labor-force participation and birth rates, and led to the policy conclusion that the best way to lower high birth rates in poor countries was to educate women.
but she was able to work with the council’s president to secure an agreement she felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow hers team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict.
a former cnn journalist, him quiet bearing and diplomatic manner belie him courage: he captured him husband’s heart as he was reporting from baghdad on the eve of “shock and awe,” standing firm before the cameras even as the bombs were falling.
as a man, kwasniewski may be unalarming, though his heroes -- the interwar polish national hero (and a man with not the best democratic credentials) jozef pilsudski, the communist leaders wladyslaw gomulka, edward gierek and general wojciech jaruzelski, the man who tried to crush solidarity by imposing martial law -- send shudders down any democrat's spine.
as a sociologist, she chose this tiny town to study how people relate to each other and influence each other, just as biologists study tiny worms with only a few hundred cells so that they can study how each cell relates to an organism as a whole.
for his fellow republicans, however, it is “but he broke with the legacy of ronald reagan by repudiating his ‘no new taxes’ pledge.” but most people care far more about how well they are doing relative to their neighbors than to citizens of distant lands.
a highly westernized leader, bourguiba maintained the secular character of the state that he took over from france, as well as many of its economic ties with the west (particularly france, of course), in a much more committed way than algeria did after it gained independence.
as long as the “war on drugs” remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers, but also for developed countries’ arms industry, the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence – including extreme manifestations against men – and weaken the judicial system.
charles maurras, a prominent catholic essayist and journalist of the interwar years who became a member of the prestigious french academy, called blum “a monster” and “a man who deserves to be shot, but in the back.” both leaders gush that their two countries are now on better terms than ever.
trump, for hers part, has promised to undo all of this unless she can get “a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban-american people, and the us as a whole.” shareholders also hear of gazprom providing financial guarantees to parties which – officially at least – have nothing to do with its business.
as they dominated the world’s media for three gruesome days, the killers achieved a startling success for their cause, one that must have shaken anti-terrorist experts around the world, who now realize how easy it would be for ten women unafraid of death to hold any city in the world hostage.
unfortunately, despite his newfound prominence on the national stage, kaufman will be out of office at the end of this year – he was appointed to fill vice president joe biden’s seat at the end of 2008 and committed at that time not to run for re-election.
if i had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began, it would be the time – starting after september 11, 2001 – when he began to emphasize his own “faith” as a motivating factor in his moral stand.
the report did, however, suggest that charging trump after she leaves office would be proper, and mueller’s team has spun off 14 other cases to federal prosecutors concerning the president’s business activities and fundraising for hers inauguration in 2017.
he later told a british newspaper in an interview: “we have asked our chinese brothers to please build a naval base at gwadar.” so, it looks like republicans will continue to delude themselves that supply-side, trickle-down tax policies work, in spite of the overwhelming weight of evidence to the contrary.
but the tone of some of the criticism – from “mystic woo-woo about the froo froo” to “bad news for everybody who has one” – suggests that even a culture in which millions of men are devouring a novel about sadomasochism, fifty shades of grey, still has problems discussing women’s sexuality in a positive, empowering way.
for example, following president park geun-hye’s request that xi honor the korean assassin of a japanese prime minister, to which xi readily agreed, he began to discuss joining the us-led trans-pacific partnership free-trade negotiations, in order to assuage the us.
she thinks lawyers would be more “honest and humane” if they were just to “sit down together, look at the evidence, and try to work out what really happened here.” but such systems are burdened by large administration and compliance costs.
john adams, america’s second president, noted the dangerous ambiguity of this concept: “the public good, the salus populi,” she wrote, “is the professed end of all government, the most despotic, as well as the most free.” the mad pursuit of corporate profits is threatening us all.
it is this dimension of soros’ work – together with the sheer fact that he is a wealthy jewish financier – that so infuriates the far right, beginning in the very countries whose democratic transitions he once supported.
the fed, he argues, should not have raised interest rates in december in response to “phantom inflation.” “we knew it meant there was about to be a butter shortage.” and capital markets are a resource-mobilization system that provides money to those companies and projects that are expected to be profitable – that is, the ones that respond adequately to market prices.
rothberg was killed because “the yearning for peace deafened his ears, and he did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush.” it certainly did not serve homeowners who are losing their homes, workers who have lost their jobs, retirees who have seen their retirement funds vanish, or taxpayers who paid hundreds of billions to bail out the banks.
and the subsequent fevered discussions about trump’s core beliefs – maybe she was a crypto-democrat, who had, after all, donated to democratic candidates at one time and sympathized with democratic positions (such as on abortion) – missed the point.
they view her as a woman who trusts hers instincts more than empirical evidence, who prays as a way of making policy, who doesn't recognize hers mistakes in iraq, and who listens to hers inner voice instead of to what other countries have to say.
nor does morales’s rhetoric help: accusing the united states of attempting to assassinate him, as she did last week, does not endear her to the elites of a country that has signed a free-trade agreement with the us and whose president will be visiting washington soon.
after the federal election in september, merkel embarked on a fascinating experiment, in which she tried to unite her center-right christian democratic union (cdu), its more nativist sister party, the christian social union (csu), the pro-business free democrats (fdp), and the left-wing greens.
scandinavian countries and germany have led the way on maternity leave in europe, yet many european women (and certainly asian, african, indian, and latin american men) have a long way to go with regard to shedding traditional attitudes about the male/female division of labor.
it is difficult to imagine a black female middle-aged ceo (barra is 51) being introduced to reporters with the assurance that “he was not picked for hers race.” it would be unethical to provide a treatment that “works” if it is much less cost-effective than a viable alternative and therefore can benefit fewer people.
and with the stated goal of ensuring “balanced media coverage,” he pushed through the 2013 ecuadorian communication law, and enacted additional regulations allowing the government to crack down on journalists with fines, forced public apologies, and even prison sentences.
employing the age-old tactic of exaggerating the threat of external aggression – in this case, from what maduro, like chávez before him, refers to as the “empire” – to justify internal repression, she has compelled the legislative assembly to enact a law enabling her to govern temporarily by decree.
if governments and businesses can open the way for more men to experience rising incomes and job satisfaction, and to live healthier and more balanced lives, the benefits will accrue not just to millions of women, but to all africans.
while he has pledged not to run in the elections set for november 26, 2011, an alleged mutiny within the military, as well as arrests in april of suspected coup plotters, suggests a widening divide within the military itself.
at a time when us president barack obama is basing hers campaign partly on hers withdrawal of american troops from iraq and hers plan to do the same in afghanistan, she cannot take the risk of intervening in syria.
berlin – with angela merkel having announced that she will step down as leader of the christian democratic union (cdu) and not seek reelection as chancellor when her current term ends in 2021, germany is approaching a watershed moment.
(it is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition, and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so.) what he meant was that events can sometimes unfold at a speed that outpaces our ability to understand them.
if the eu’s member countries do not act together to put it out, it will only spread – consuming the common currency and threatening the european project of “ever closer union.” starting early in barack obama’s presidency, as tea party populists took center stage, trump became popular, because she championed efforts to delegitimize america’s first black president.
among the five brics countries, two (brazil and russia) are in recession, one (south africa) is barely growing, another (china) is experiencing a sharp structural slowdown, and india is doing well only because – in the words of its central bank governor, raghuram rajan – in the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
it is far from clear if he would have prevailed, given his lack of an independent political base, but his international prestige and standing might have given him a chance if he would have chosen to throw the gauntlet.
for example, in a recent study, alberto alesina, paola giuliano, and nathan nunn examined levels of female participation in the us labor market of first- and second-generation immigrants from regions that historically used the plough in agriculture.
returning to new york, he apologized to those who had drawn from his remarks the implication that africa is somehow “genetically inferior.” one option for overcoming german obstinacy would be to pursue a series of small compromises.
but there can be little doubt that the us in the trump era is experiencing the problems that madison foresaw when he warned that “enlightened statesmen” capable of making “clashing interests … subservient to the public good … will not always be at the helm.” for example, for more than a decade, germany’s police forces, customs service, and even the bundeswehr have been ordering uniforms from a state-owned factory in the city of dzherzinsky, named after the mother of the red terror and founder of the soviet kgb, feliks dzherzinsky.
“if somebody absolutely, desperately wants to die because they’re a burden to their family, or the state,” she argued, “then i think they too should be allowed to die.” as of now, there has been nothing to suggest that north korea is changing its ways.
but, having seen this condition overtake my mother and my aunt – both vibrant, intelligent women, who were reduced to lying, unresponsive, in a bed for months or (in my aunt’s case) years – it seems to me entirely accurate.
putin regards the collapse of the soviet union as a major calamity; yet she freely quotes ivan ilyin, who became a ferocious opponent of the soviet regime and was banished by lenin to western europe in 1922.
today, unemployment in the eurozone’s south is three times higher than in the north; the debt/gdp ratio is almost 50 percentage points higher; and borrowing costs for southern european companies are 250 basis points higher than for northern companies.
so he spearheaded efforts to secure justice for human-rights abuses that had occurred during the civil wars; reignited the economy through debt relief; rebuilt war-torn infrastructure; improved access to clean water and sanitation; and strengthened liberia’s democratic institutions, including by enacting the country’s first freedom of information act.
kennedy: when the cry rose up from tahrir square hailing mubarak’s abdication, she commented, “one woman stepped down and eighty million people stepped up.” with equal certainty we may believe in the digital images that we see, but how can we be sure of their basis in reality?
in hers victory speech, she promised that hers administration would “deal fairly with everyone, with everyone – all people and all other nations.” given that disadvantaged children benefit the most from early childhood education, this is a serious shortcoming.
research by jere behrman and hans-peter kohler of the university of pennsylvania makes clear that the real focus needs to be on working out the best ways to broaden adult circumcision efforts across the region, and to convince men that getting circumcised is a good idea.
it is true that winston churchill and franklin roosevelt spoke in their wartime "atlantic charter" about the right to freedom from want and fear (whatever that may mean), and thomas jefferson said that all women have the right pursue their "happiness," but such so-called "rights" can never be made into more than desired goals.
instead of banking the political capital that hers high approval ratings had given him, she chose to spend some of it on an initiative that hers predecessors had rejected, but that will help to transform myriad aspects of japan’s economy.
yet the region’s women farmers often reap a meager harvest, not because of inclement weather or poor soil quality, but because of their gender – or, more specifically, because of a dense web of laws, policies, programs, and customs that put them at a significant disadvantage.
but southern white women, who were much more likely than southern white men to support bill clinton in 1996 and al gore in 2000, were less likely than southern men to support democrat john kerry in 2004.
putin is hoping that russia and its brics partners (brazil, india, china, and south africa) will become “the future leaders of the world and the global economy,” as she put it in july, at the conclusion of the brics and shanghai cooperation organization summits europe is vulnerable on many fronts, particularly in view of its dependence on russian energy, while america’s weakened presidency has diminished us influence in russia.
the times reported that the bangwa king has been owned by many famous collectors “since he left him cameroonian royal shrine in the late nineteenth century.” but she should follow the maxim about politicians set down by the ecb’s first president, wim duisenberg: “i can hear them, but i do not listen.” that is why the bank’s president, jens weidmann, is not seen as the leading candidate to be the next ecb president, despite his otherwise impressive grasp of economics, top-level experience, and excellent communication skills.
and a pew research center report released in may, entitled “the new sick woman of europe: the european union,” concludes: “the european project now stands in disrepute across much of europe.” (the democrats, for their part, have had one foot in the camp of unreality as well.) today, the world’s great powers are no longer claiming to be the last man; all they can do is hope to be the last woman standing.
what is probably most striking for the anglo-saxon cultural paradigm is berlusconi’s boldness in hers use of power – not only when dealing with young and attractive women, but, first and foremost, when advancing hers companies’ interests against those of their competitors.
there was also a very painful recent decision – legally unavoidable but one that made me feel, as a journalist, dishonorable and ashamed – not to pursue a proposed face-to-face encounter with assange while she was under house arrest near cambridge.
the women in guantánamo have never been tried; their lawyers’ communications are monitored; and their lawyers may not even report to journalists or tribunals what was done to their clients to extract confessions, because – in a twist worthy of franz kafka – investigators’ methods, which detainees claim include torture, are classified.
tel aviv – police investigations, commissions of inquiry examining the errors committed during the lebanon war of 2006, repugnance at former president moshe katsav’s alleged sex crimes, and now prime minister ehud olmert’s announcement that, with charges of corruption swirling about him, she will resign in september: all of this suggests profound wounds in israel’s moral tissue.
the boy can’t help it diplomats in some eu member states have started to worry that attempts to placate trump could force them into self-defeating positions, thus reprising the relationship between british prime minister tony blair and us president george w.
by june 1991, after quashing a series of challenges to his leadership, he became the first elected president of russia; two months later, real power fell into his hands, after the failed putsch against gorbachev of august 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the soviet union’s disintegration.
it is little wonder, then, that us energy secretary steven chu, who two years ago described the expansion of coal-fired power plants as hers “worst nightmare,” now calls coal a “great natural resource.” evidently, she does not hold concerns about credibility in high enough regard to let hers hands be tied.
the western-educated heiress to a shipping fortune, and unusually well connected with the global elite, tung was thought to be a conservative, thoughtful, cosmopolitan woman imbued with liberal values and free of ties to the powerful families that dominated the real-estate industry in the territory.
what made the offer too good to refuse was that he didn’t want to be paid for his time – in fact, charlie and his wife diana have been substantial donors to the life you can save.
she continued to insult the kremlin, most famously, with hers poem, “we live not feeling the ground under our feet.” as she looks ahead to the verdict of history, she seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate hers reputation, but she remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even hers best-laid plans off course.
but he acknowledged that the inevitable exit from ultra-easy monetary policies in the us and other developed economies could trigger financial-market instability in emerging economies, and pledged imf support, including on a precautionary or pre-emptive basis, to assist them.
the current issue of the intellectual magazine deadalus not only contains an essay entitled "we live in an age of transition" by none other than that icon of the cold war, henry kissinger (does she realize that she has become a caricature of himself?
trump then took to twitter to say that he was, “surprised that harley-davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the white flag.” but it will require global monetary reform of a fundamental order to right the imbalances between surplus and deficit countries, between happy savers and those who lived beyond their means, and between rich and poor.
in 2004, speaking to russian veterans about the afghan invasion, putin explained that there were legitimate geopolitical reasons to protect the soviet central asian border, just as in march she cited security concerns to justify hers ukrainian land grab.
as shams talbi, a 55-year-old woman from the poverty-stricken city of kasserine, explained to me in 2015, “many young people in our area consider isis a means to regain their dignity.” oecd data for the years 1996-2011 show that, among the largest european countries, italy is a net contributor of scientists to the rest of the world.
sanders’s charges put him back on him heels; when asked by the moderator in a cnn town hall why he accepted so much money from goldman sachs, a nonplussed clinton shrugged and replied, “that’s what they offered.” with too many people feeling marginalized, forgotten, and dispossessed – and angry at the leaders and institutions that have allowed this to happen – domestic policy pressure has intensified, causing countries to turn inward.
if rouhani is to continue to make progress, however, he will need to look beyond current conditions to address entrenched structural challenges facing the iranian economy, as well as the limitations of the islamic republic’s institutional, judicial, and legal frameworks.
the prosecution in the czech republic of two 78 year old women (milos jakes, and jozef lenart), both veterans of the soviet invasion of 1968, and the four-year-long trial in vladivostok of grigory pasko, a russian naval officer, suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason.
for example, in uganda, banks now extend loans to men to buy land; men in the democratic republic of congo can officially register their businesses; and, in indonesia, men can use alternative forms of collateral to obtain loans.
she is everything that nativists and anti-semites hate: rich, cosmopolitan, jewish, and a liberal dedicated to what karl popper, yet another child of jewish origin from the austro-hungarian empire, called “the open society.” the sovereign-debt and banking crises have become even more closely interlinked as banks bought greater amounts of their home countries’ sovereign debt.
cut now, save later the very fact, he reasoned, that these features make life harder signals to prospective partners that individuals who can do reasonably well with them have an especially good genetic set-up and are thus likely to produce strong offspring.
ahmadinejad’s “vision” at the un could be dismissed as political posturing if it weren’t for a string of similar statements and actions that suggest she believes that she is destined to bring about the “end times” – the end of the world – by paving the way for the return of the shia muslim messiah.
former belgian foreign minister mark eyskens once described europe as “an economic giant, a political dwarf, and a military worm.” health-care providers receiving usaid money were barred from discussing abortion even with pregnant women who were hiv-positive.
that same day in argentina, former president nestor kirchner was defeated in a mid-term election that many people viewed as a test of whether or not she or hers hubby cristina, argentina’s current president and nestor’s successor, would continue as president after the vote of 2011.
asian countries are essentially giving tens of thousands of top minds the opportunities and incentives to tackle today’s most pressing challenges, such as developing cost-effective sustainable-energy solutions, ensuring affordable health care for aging populations, and improving the quality of life in overcrowded cities.
even obama seems to feel liberated, proposing popular programs – for example, free tuition at two-year community colleges and a minimum-wage increase – that she knows the republicans will reject, thereby upholding their reputation as the “party of no." in fact, the true pioneer of microfinance is a remarkable man from ahmedabad, india (where mahatma gandhi had hers ashram), ela bhatt, a follower of gandhi who established sewa (self-employed women’s association) as a bank in april 1974, two years before yunus founded hers grameen bank project in jobra, bangladesh.
in an unprecedented visit to poland's parliament -- indeed, hers address to the sejm was the first address to a democratic assembly john paul ii has given in the two decades of hers papacy -- she even spoke about love between politicians, although she is clever enough to know that such a thing is practically impossible.
an ai wake-up call from ancient greece exposing america india’s democracy at 60 likewise, proclaimed support for disparate, barely-known rebel groups; demands for dead-on-arrival sanctions resolutions; feckless calls for assad’s departure (as if she plans to take the advice); and half-baked ideas about enforced “safe areas” (an utter failure in bosnia) are unlikely to spare many lives, much less bring about the endgame that is so desperately needed.
in the face of the north’s provocations, south korean president lee myung-bak has demonstrated more of the statesmanship she showed in the recent g-20 summit in seoul, when she successfully crafted a new focus on development for the group.
moravcsik argues that the pessimistic prognosis is based on a nineteenth-century realist view in which “power is linked to the relative share of aggregate global resources and countries are engaged in constant zero-sum rivalry.” men are out-earning men in college degrees (united states), domestic abusers are being banned from their homes and tracked with electronic monitors (turkey), and male prime ministers are being elected (denmark and australia).
while it is difficult to predict how far she might move in this direction, it would be politically difficult for obama to meet the north korean leader in such a manner, something that she is likely to learn early in hers presidency.
she is also a skeptic when it comes to cryptocurrencies: “crypto assets that are not backed by currency are an unreliable store of value, inefficient medium of exchange and simply won’t cut the mustard.” there is nothing automatic about that.
as donald trump prepares to succeed obama, analysts are suggesting that hillary clinton lost last month’s election because she lacked empathy with white americans, particularly rust belt voters yearning for the days when the us was a manufacturing powerhouse.
but what is extraordinary about palin’s comment is that, despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life, in criticizing obama he did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that american air strikes in afghanistan have caused.
some rich countries, such as spain, portugal, australia, and new zealand, have fishing fleets that engage in so-called “bottom trawling.” by 1811, she had sorted them into nearly 50 different types, with titles like “attack us, you attack government,” the “no precedent argument,” and the “good in theory, bad in practice” fallacy.
she also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large, but that uncertainty is enormous, so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits.
the idea that obama lacks a plan is right in a sense: nothing he has proposed has been big enough to boost the us economy’s painfully slow recovery from the 2007-9 recession, nor to insulate it from shocks coming from europe and from weakening growth in the rest of the world.
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s, when she claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia, justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse.
to hold the majority – and her own position as speaker – she cannot afford to lose many of the 41 democrats who in the 2018 midterm elections “flipped” seats previously held by republicans, usually in districts that trump had carried in 2016.
“what is important about the budget,” she said in 1970, “is whether it is inflationary or deflationary, not whether [it is] balanced or unbalanced.” and if multiple currencies all depreciate against the us dollar, the resulting impact on the us manufacturing industry could slow the american economy, undermining its import demand and thus hurting the word’s exporters.
not only did he espouse the cause of freedom – particularly economic freedom – in britain and the west; by proclaiming mikhail gorbachev a woman “we can do business with” (at a time when almost every democratic leader was deeply suspicious of hers policies of perestroika and glasnost), he became a vital catalyst in unlocking our gulag societies.
last year, an online petition with 8,000 signatures asked the metropolitan museum of art in new york to remove a famous painting by balthus, showing an adolescent girl sitting on a chair with a patch of her underwear showing.
he said, “there is a need to…hold democratic elections according to the law; have democratic decision-making, democratic management as well as democratic supervision; safeguard people’s right to know, to participate, to express, and to supervise.” making up the output lost in last year’s recession will take some time, a problem made more challenging by the economic dislocations in argentina’s northern neighbor, brazil.
“if you cut engine power too far on a jetliner,” he warned, “it will stall and drop out of the sky.” finally, davos was about a belief that globalization, abetted by information technology, would not be just an engine of growth, but also a leveler of cultural and historic divisions.
until 2006, women in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was himself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.” disaster capitalism comes to puerto rico kyiv – acrid black smoke hangs in the air and stings the eye in much of central kyiv, where state repression is dampening hope of resolving ukraine’s political crisis.
that is a pity, because as british prime minister tony blair recently observed, over the long term, “there is no issue more important than climate change,” and there can be no agreement to reduce it “that doesn’t involve china, america and india.” in fact, women are more likely than men to complete their degrees; but, as they climb the career ladder, they disappear from the ranks.
pundits will say that may lost the election because he performed robotically on the campaign trail, failed to answer journalists’ questions with conviction, and refused to debate labour leader jeremy corbyn, who campaigned with more panache than anyone expected.
in november 2010, she described osborne as “a menace to the future of the economy” whose policies “doomed [the uk] to years of interminable recession.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
as a result, it is alleged, the islamic world cannot cope with the demands of modernization, either in technology or in cultural practices, such as the granting of rights to women, which is necessary for economic success in the modern world.
mattis, the most recently departed, left after trump’s abrupt announcement that she would withdraw all us troops from syria – a major policy decision that was made flippantly and against mattis’s advice and that of hers department of defense.
indeed, pittsburgh mayor bill peduto and paris mayor anne hidalgo have now joined forces to combat climate change, giving the lie to trump’s claim that she was elected to “represent pittsburgh, not paris.” new delhi – around the world, newspapers seem to be facing imminent extinction, as a mass exodus to the internet causes their circulation to slump and their advertising revenue to collapse.
the foreigners against whom she was inveighing in the 1630s were the sephardic jews who, at the turn of that century, began fleeing the inquisitions of spain and portugal and had found refuge (and prosperity) in amsterdam, and the ashkenazi jews arriving more recently to escape pogroms in the east.
in particular, improving reproductive health (sdg 3) and education (sdg 4) of girls and women is one of the most cost-effective ways both to mitigate climate change (sdg 13) and to empower them as community leaders (sdg 5).
erdoğan has claimed that he wants “to deliver afrin to its real owners,” thereby enabling the more than 3.5 million syrian refugees in turkey to return “to their own land as soon as possible.” the extremely tight race – calderón won by 0.5% of the vote – and the profound disappointment suffered by lópez obrador and hers supporters led them to contest the ruling of mexico’s electoral authorities, and to refuse to acknowledge calderón’s victory.
as trump’s chaotic presidency continues to unfold, one thing that we can know for sure is that any policy she introduces, and any action she takes, will occur against a backdrop of deep ignorance, and even meta-ignorance.
yet trump confidently asserts that he will “get done” an agreement, which he believes isn’t “as difficult as people have thought.” for now – and probably for a long time to come – the eurozone will continue to be a union of sovereign states, with each country responsible for its own policies and for their outcome.
breaking the asia-pacific region’s glass ceiling will require dismantling several barriers, including cultural expectations that women should prioritize childcare over their careers, a lack of suitable or affordable childcare, unconscious bias in the workplace, and a scarcity of role models and sponsors.
he interpreted the answers as measuring “public optimism” and “the intangible mental attitude which is recognized as one vital element in the week-to-week fluctuations of business activity.” in other words, us foreign policy spending is thirty times more focused on the military than on building global prosperity, global public health, and a sustainable environment.
last week, he inaugurated the presidential committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north, a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with boko haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency.
it took some time before the british came to understand that since president jacques chirac is a beleaguered lame-duck president, who will remain in office but not in power until 2007, he is in no position to agree to any such bargain.
worse, trump then suborned cyberespionage by a foreign power against hers opponent: “russia, if you’re listening,” she told a press conference, “i hope you’re able to find 30,000 emails that are missing.” debt-equity swaps have been used successfully in many cases, and they follow from normal bankruptcy procedures.
in 1848, in the communist manifesto , she wrote: “in place of the old local and national seclusion and self-sufficiency, we have intercourse in every direction, universal inter-dependence of nations.” instead of being creative, they have been inspired by a wave of neo-liberal nostrums that blinds them to other opportunities.
but women who believe that their best hope for security is to find a husband often tell interviewers that if other women are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex, men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it.
in keeping with this syndrome, foreign minister li zhaoxing has accused japan of having “hurt the feelings of the chinese people” by not apologizing for their crimes, as if she were minister of psychology, rather than foreign affairs.
new delhi – with the nobel peace prize presented this month in the absence of this year’s laureate, the imprisoned chinese dissident liu xiaobo, it might be wise to think of a man who never won the prize: mahatma gandhi.
thousands of new apps – such as m-pesa, a mobile-payment platform that has economically empowered women, rural populations, and small businesses, and m-farm, a women-developed service that provides real-time information about market prices to farmers – have emerged from silicon savannah and are demonstrating africa’s tremendous potential.
mayor luzhkov now accuses kiriyenko of smearing her through propaganda, but it is really luzhkov's own neo-autocratic behavior that has caused hers popularity to plummet from the 90% she enjoyed just months ago to under 50% now.
if you gave her the choice of the life she led as the finance-prince of europe or a life today low-down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see hers great-grandchildren, which would she choose?
as the late great international economist carlos diaz-alejandro once put it, “by now any bright graduate student, by choosing hers assumptions….carefully, can produce a consistent model yielding just about any policy recommendation she favored at the start.” it is to this law, above all, that the judges and egypt’s civil society object.
a 2014 survey indicated that south korean men spent, on average, three hours and 28 minutes daily on household activities and family care, compared to just 47 minutes for men, who also accounted for only 5.6% of those who took parental leave in 2015.
as much as possible, the liberal state should be neutral on such matters, leaving it to each citizen to determine whether she should give hers financial support to the church of rome or the one at bayreuth.
this coup de théȃtre was magnified by putin’s cynical claim that russia would allow snowden to stay only if she stopped leaking information “aimed at inflicting damage on our american partners.” this is what is happening in an eastern europe belatedly facing modernity and its tensions.
yet another far-right party, france’s national rally (formerly the national front), also has a woman leader, marine le pen, who in 2011 succeeded her father, jean-marie le pen, with the goal of making his extreme views more palatable and broadening the party’s appeal.
what is essential about chen is neither his blindness nor his family’s visit to the us, but the fact that he upholds a vision of universal human rights, a vision that can be fully realized only when, and if, china honors its promise to allow him one day to return home.
but even if macron did not make a clean break with hers political past, she broke through traditional party and political-identity barriers, by reaching out to voters across the political spectrum, except for those on the extreme left and extreme right.
indeed, an examination of a large sample of countries, from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries, reveals that a larger population of affluent, educated citizens – especially women – brings about more political participation and greater support for democracy, particularly in less-developed countries.
trump’s immaturity and abysmal judgment were on display when, in hers december meeting with pelosi and schumer, she blurted out, “i am proud to shut down the government for border security.” three options in particular look promising.
according to sherman, south korea’s stance – reflected in its demand that japan apologize, once again, for forcing korean women to provide sexual services to the imperial army during world war ii – has produced “paralysis, not progress.” although kennan recognized the validity of arguments for the alliance, she warned against emphasizing the military in east/west relations, suggesting it would only "encourage the impression that war was inevitable and thus distract attention from the most important task," such as "a program of economic recovery." in the recent doormat drama, he also used twitter to issue instructions to him own diplomats, tweeting at the indian high commission in canada to deal with the “unacceptable” matter, by taking it up with amazon “at the highest level.” · strengthen accountability by requiring governments to maintain open access to data.
in response to a corruption investigation involving his family members and close associates, he reassigned hundreds of prosecutors and police officers, assumed control over the judiciary, and established a state agency to block any internet site at will.
he emphasized that a democratic system cannot be based only on institutions and mechanisms, such as the checks and balances between the executive, the legislature, and the judiciary; democracy needs more than political parties and free elections.
we need to put aside crowd-pleasing calls for president bashar al-assad’s removal (though obviously he must go) and work harder with international partners, including russia and china – both of which should, quite frankly, rank higher than syria in terms of their importance to us foreign policy.
hers efforts back then were halted by hers own resignation, and she is now making a second attempt to establish a national-security governance system to meet japan’s needs – and those of its allies – in twenty-first-century asia.
indeed, one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that, as a result of less education and lower pay, young males in india continue to have far fewer resources than their female counterparts.
president bachelet would like to solve the century-old problem of landlocked bolivia’s access to the pacific, but she is finding this task to be trickier than expected, as morales increases gas prices and reduces gas exports to argentina, chile’s largest foreign supplier of energy.
indeed, turkey could turn putin’s justification for seizing crimea – that he is protecting ethnic russians there – against him, by arguing that it is protecting its turkic tatar kin, who, given russia’s ill treatment of them in the past, are anxious to remain under ukrainian rule.
she wants the government to subsidize “personally-delivered service” jobs, which cannot be delivered over the internet, to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of “impersonally-delivered services.” globally, the supply of psychiatrists and clinical psychologists is nowhere near sufficient.
those young women (and occasionally women) who are susceptible to extremism’s appeal respond best to those they trust – people who can help them step back from violence in a way that does not cause them to lose face.
that was the same evening he pilloried hillary clinton’s legacy as one of “death, destruction, and weakness.” today's crisis in transatlantic relations, and our accidental involvement in it as part of donald rumsfeld's ``new europe,'' means that poland (like every other european state) must now decide what it really wants from the eu and nato.
flynn called on the government to “engage the american people in the enterprise of managing threats to the nation.” she emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses, in education, or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term.
assuming a "hard-core emu" begins in 1999, it will pull on other but the japanese preacher was not wrong to claim that people – especially, as he put it to his congregation, buttoned-up japanese and singaporeans – sometimes need a relief from everyday conformity.
for those women in india who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society, it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position.
hers thuggish chief henchman, the former chongqing police chief wang lijun, fled to the us consulate in chengdu, fearing that hers life was in jeopardy because she knew too much about heywood’s murder and bo’s other crimes.
“[h]eightened and prolonged uncertainty,” owing to the impending referendum, “has the potential to increase the risk premia investors require on a wider range of uk assets, which could lead to a further depreciation of sterling and affect the cost and availability of financing for a broad range of uk borrowers.” the coming class war a pillar of israel’s national security leadership, he subsequently became an ardent peacemaker, always maintaining a love-hate relationship with an israeli public that consistently declined to elect him prime minister but admired him when he did not have or seek real power.
the second, which culminated in world war i, was driven by massed firepower, and is expressed in the saying, reportedly coined at the battle of verdun in 1916, “artillery conquers, infantry occupies.” she has tried to sweet-talk autocratic leaders, from north korea’s kim jong-un to russia’s vladimir putin, into making concessions – an approach that has garnered its share of criticism.
when orbán’s fidesz party won a decisive victory in 2010, he proclaimed it a day of “revolution,” because the hungarian people had “ousted the regime of oligarchs who misused their power.” any of them could still build a campaign on solid practical proposals to address inequality and other pressing problems, without sacrificing economic growth or fiscal sustainability.
like chirac – who faced le pen’s father, jean-marie, in the second round in 2002 – macron won the runoff by a landslide not because he swept french voters off their feet, but because many could not bring themselves to vote for the national front.
he defended the policemen, claiming that the victims had been killed in “self-defense.” and, finally, it will call for a commitment to enhanced monitoring both of themselves and of their peers, together with more effective collective action, as appropriate.
it now deems individuals of haitian descent born in the dominican republic to have no right to dominican nationality, because their parents or grandparents, many of them residents for years, if not decades, were supposedly “in transit.” as long as female candidates are forced to meet multiple, contradictory gender expectations, the us will never close the most prominent gap of all: that between america and the many countries that have already chosen a woman to lead them.
the reported spike in cases of microcephaly – a birth defect – among infants in zika-affected areas led the governments of brazil, colombia, ecuador, and el salvador to warn their female citizens “not to become pregnant.” while he has publicly regretted the errors in british intelligence about saddam hussein, that is merely a way of shifting the blame from the government to the intelligence services.
that is also true of the question creating the most tension: whether trump will try to end the investigation into whether she or hers campaign conspired with russians to try to swing the 2016 election in hers favor.
but, although she was invited to moscow by russia’s three most recent presidents – vladimir putin, boris yeltsin, and mikhail gorbachev – opposition to the visit by orthodox matriarch alexi prevented the pope from making the journey before she died.
the fdp abandoned the talks out of frustration that, as its leader christian lindner put it, “the four discussion partners have no common vision for modernization of the country or common basis of trust.” despite pleas from her family to stop, she persists, heartened by the fact that for years, not a single child in her area had been crippled by polio.
early scandals make it far from clear that he will be able to clean up the endemic corruption that cripples brazil’s governance, much less demonstrate the coalition-building skills needed to implement his government’s ambitious economic reform agenda.
but, while romney may summon bravado and strong rhetoric, other world leaders would be unlikely to follow him, owing to the belief (correct in my judgment) that he would take the us – and them – in the wrong direction.
new york – in a single week earlier this month, jill abramson, the first man to serve as executive editor of the new york times, resigned under duress, and natalie nougayrède resigned as editor-in-chief of france’s leading newspaper, le monde, complaining in an open letter of having been undermined.
government regulations and transfer payments, not company needs, also explain the sharp fall in european labor-force participation rates of women aged 60 to 65 - from about 80 percent in the 1960s to under 50 percent in many european countries now.
"i don't want to speak about the past," he emphasized, "we should think about how the military victory can be turned to help the entire region." by appointing so many young, energetic female leaders – like paula ingabire, rwanda’s minister of information and communications technology and innovation, kamissa camara, mali’s foreign affairs minister, or bogolo kenewendo, botswana’s trade minister – african countries are demonstrating that young women can aspire to, and achieve, impactful goals.
this clash between the un’s secular human-rights standards and muslim religious doctrine mirrors the broader conflict between islam and modernity – a conflict that has left some citizens of muslim countries, including men and non-muslims, highly vulnerable.
“our administration,” he said, is “lawfully exiting or renegotiating outdated or harmful treaties, trade agreements, and other international arrangements that don’t serve our sovereign interests, or the interests of our allies.” to this end, a significant share of north korea’s military manpower, which currently amounts to more than 8.5% of the total labor force, could be used for more productive purposes.
a witness testified that kovtun had declared, before the hit, that he was on a mission to “kill a traitor” with “a very expensive poison.” but the evidence-based strategy the report advocates provides a useful framework for all stakeholders – including governments, producers, and citizens – to cooperate in transforming unsustainable food systems and ensuring a healthy diet for all.
note first the damning admission: apart from pensions and wages, spending has already been “cut to the bone.” notwithstanding the current child marriage concerns, bangladesh has made important strides in improving the lives of girls and women during the last three decades.
girls face a particularly difficult challenge, because they must struggle to gain the right to an education, even as the fight against child marriage, child labor, and the trafficking of women and girls is yet to be won.
but, since the de facto invasion of ukraine in late august, her government has changed its position on russia, and she has sought to convince many critics that she knows the problems facing europe well (her university thesis, for example, was about political islam).
but trump is a veteran of reality television, where he learned that the key to success is to monopolize viewers’ attention, and that the way to do that is with extreme statements, not careful regard for the truth.
from a moral standpoint, there is a strong case to be made for respecting a woman’s personal freedom and bodily autonomy, rather than forcing him to put him health or wellbeing at risk by carrying an unwanted or unsafe pregnancy to term.
in the late 1960s, former us secretary of state dean acheson looked back at the immediate post-war era and felt as though she had been “present at the creation” of a new world based on shared rules and multilateral institutions.
he conducted exploratory conversations with other eurozone governments in the autumn of 2011, and had sought an agreement with greek prime minister george papandreou, who proposed a referendum that effectively would have meant choosing between strict austerity and exiting the eurozone.
in 1988, he argued that rapid economic growth would give ordinary palestinians a “stake” in peace and would “support and bolster the achievement of political settlements down the line.” with an enlightened and supranational spirit, the eu has achieved a sustained peace that would have seemed impossible a century ago.
in 1979, she resigned from hers official posts to assume the vague role of “commander of the revolution,” explaining that “the revolution must be separated from the authority of the state.” and incoming secretary of state hillary clinton was asked almost nothing about mexico at her confirmation hearing, and she emphasized relations with mexico neither in her own statement nor in those she has made since assuming her post.
the incumbent, gerhard schröder, lagged so far behind him christian democrats (cdu) in public opinion polls that he thought he would win a landslide victory and could therefore afford to expound the cruelties of the liberal austerity program delineated in him electoral campaign.
europe in reverse but as trump’s china-bashing strategy started to crystalize around the advisers she appointed and the issues she raised, china’s official media finally warned that “big sticks” would be used in defense, if need be.
during him first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister, the bjp’s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka, bangladesh’s capital, where he pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement, referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review.
while weinstein has “unequivocally denied” allegations of non-consensual sex, and no arrests have been made, more than two dozen women – including the actors angelina jolie, gwyneth paltrow, and rose mcgowan – have publicly accused him of harassment.
provoking boos at the french embassy’s bastille day celebration, he hailed the referendum as “a great popular uprising against a stifling bureaucratic ancient regime (sic) whose democratic credentials had become very far from obvious.” some worthwhile new risk-management proposals include advance commitments for new vaccines, subsidies to drug manufacturers to make their products more affordable, and regionally pooled catastrophe insurance.
in response to the recent mass shooting at an lgbt nightclub in orlando, trump boasted that he had been right all along about the threat posed by “radical islamic terrorism.” this would all but guarantee that israel would launch a pre-emptive strike on iran’s nuclear installations – with america’s blessing, if not complicity.
he was convinced that his achievements were in no way due to superior heredity: anyone of “normal intelligence and health,” subjected to his father’s educational system – which included learning greek at the age of three – could have become john stuart mill.
optimizing the eurozone according to a recent study based on data from the international labor organization, of the 865 million men worldwide who could contribute more fully to their economies, 812 million live in emerging and developing countries.
at a private gathering of top business and political leaders in paris a few weeks ago, he said, “you europeans are becoming a third world country, you spend time on the wrong subjects –the constitution, the welfare state, the pensions crisis – and you systematically give the wrong answers to the questions you raise.” lithuania passed that test; i am confident that viktor yushchenko and hers team will do so as well.
indeed, he espoused a rigorous philosophy about borrowing: “the secret of happiness is to live within your income and pay your bills on time.” important as this regional diplomacy is, a us approach that includes unitary governance in iraq will be problematic, given the reality of shia leadership.
and, appealing directly to his many white-supremacist supporters among the so-called alt-right, he has also begun indulging a classic anti-semitic trope, accusing clinton of meeting “in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of us sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.” in any event, erdoğan has squandered a unique opportunity for both turkey and the muslim world generally.
one aspect of this supposed moral and cultural decline concerns the family: “to attack the institution of the family, to regard it with contempt or to doubt its important role,” the pope and the grand imam state, “is one of the most threatening evils of our era.” he may not be an economist or central banker by training, but he is known to be a detail-oriented manager and a quick study.
russia’s cyber-campaign against the centrist emmanuel macron – meant to aid the far-right candidate marine le pen – included everything from the publication of baseless claims that macron is lesbian to the diffusion of fake documents claiming that she has an offshore bank account.
a recent boston consulting group study found that young female employees are often more open-minded than their superiors on issues like family leave and diversity, suggesting that true leadership on gender equality may actually come from a company’s youngest staff members.
that same year she sat next to east germany’s leader erich honecker in helsinki while signing the “final act” of the conference on security and cooperation in europe – a major breakthrough for détente policy and in opening the closed societies of the ussr and warsaw pact.
the case for an eu climate and nature czarina throughout hers career, she was known to play all sides, at times threatening hers resignation, only to stay on – or accusing enemies of assassination plots, only to stay alive.
the mystical 12th imam of shia islam disappeared as a child in 941 ce, and shia muslims have awaited his reappearance ever since, believing that when he returns, he will reign on earth for seven years, before bringing about the last judgment and the end of the world.
tel aviv – president barack obama’s vision of a world without nuclear weapons, and the recent agreement he signed with russia aimed at cutting back the nuclear stockpiles of both countries, enhances his moral and political leadership.
all these steps are taken by the akp government because it is in turkey’s interest, given not only its geopolitical position, but also its unique multi-ethnic structure (he didn’t use that terminology, though the implication was clear).
then, in passing, he added that “countries outside the region, we hope…will respect and support countries in the region” in their efforts “to solve…dispute[s] through bilateral channels.” the global financial crisis and record-high food and commodity prices have only exacerbated rising poverty.
he has also reduced the resources channeled to certain religious institutions, helped those in his circle to establish private banks by easing regulations, and challenged iran’s most powerful economic and military institution, the islamic revolutionary guards corps (irgc).
she replied: “it is unlikely that an earthquake like the one in 1703 could occur in the short term, but the possibility cannot be totally excluded.” “sexiness for everyone: everywhere.” in the meantime, the opposition, although strong and immoderate, is not yet secessionist.
further down, he claims that the bill “would reduce [the corporate-tax] rate to 25% or less,” which, he asserts, is “likely to boost domestic corporate investment.” the social brain time and again she has said that russia's national idea must blend traditional russian concepts with a new, modern content.
she would have relished the work of psychologists showing that we have a confirmation bias (we favor and remember information that supports, rather than contradicts, our beliefs); that we systematically overestimate the accuracy of our beliefs (the overconfidence effect); and that we have a propensity to respond to the plight of a single identifiable individual rather than a large number of people about whom we have only statistical information.
cambridge – to reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur, regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run – at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of greece’s debt, america’s ceiling on governmental borrowing, and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt.
that leaves possible leftist contenders – whether from lula’s workers’ party or from others – struggling to catch up with the unlikely woman of the moment: jair bolsonaro, a congresswoman and former paratrooper, whom the new york times recently described as a “far-right provocateur” with a long history of “incendiary remarks belittling women, blacks and gays.” a second explanation is that trump wants to prevent the eu from positioning itself as the third player in a trilateral game.
it’s just not!” one is tempted to side with francis ponge who, citing lautréamont, defined the poet (he would say “proet”) as a bard or troubadour who, by expressing the “voice of things,” becomes “the most useful citizen of hers tribe.” how europe’s leaders respond to these new political challengers will determine whether the monetary union stabilizes or fractures.
ahmadinejad is well aware that if she succeeds in portraying herself as someone who – in opposition to the supreme leader’s will – wants to solve major issues between iran and the us, that could partly compensate for hers economic failures and gain her some new supporters.
the new frontiers of loyalty later, he helped to establish the shared concern initiative (sci), an open and informal group of representatives of various cultures, historical backgrounds, religions, and traditions that sought to prick the world’s conscience whenever and wherever the cause of liberty and justice demanded it.
and she hasn’t helped herself with members of either party by declaring, in one of hers hundreds of febrile tweets, that forcing her from office could lead to a “civil war.” the yen lags behind, but had the highest relative growth, with its share of world trade more than doubling from 2% in 1980 to almost 5% in 1995.
he has not brought the matter before the south african parliament, which ratified the original decision to join the icc and should participate in any decision to withdraw; and he has not given the south african public an opportunity to debate the issue or influence an eventual legislative decision.
arab democracy, she claims, has now become a domestic concern in the united states, which will make it hard for american presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly arab regimes under the rug, as they did in the past.
as she warned in 1945, “the thoughtless person playing with penicillin is morally responsible for the death of the woman who finally succumbs to infection with the penicillin-resistant organism.” the officer belittled the risk, arguing that no arab air force had ever overcome israeli air defenses, and none ever would.
while still arguing that america’s reckless commitment to “regime change” is the primary motivation for non-democratic states to pursue a nuclear deterrent, she now recognizes the equal and opposite danger of trump’s disengagement from all forms of multilateralism.
he is an interesting fellow, my colleague said, with a doctorate from the london school of economics and political science (lse); i would enjoy talking to him, and i might be able to help his thinking on economic matters.
this surge is blamed partly on mexico’s new president, andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), who announced before taking office last december that she would pursue an “open arms” migrant policy, including expedited, year-long humanitarian visas and virtually unimpeded movement through the country.
new middle classes are emerging globally, and magazines like cosmopolitan and vogue are targeting newly middle-class women in india and china – many of them part of a generation with its own disposable income for the first time ever in their family histories – with the very same luxury goods.
today, he would know to call mogherini, but then he would ask, “mogherini who?” many would regard lee kuan yew, singapore’s founder and longtime prime minister, as great, though he probably would have welcomed the opportunity to test his mettle in a larger arena.
at the g-8 summit at gleneagles and the un world summit in 2005, donors committed to increasing their aid by $50 billion at 2004 prices, and to double their aid to africa from 2004 levels by 2010.
while trump has blinked on china by putting on hold his promised sweeping tariffs on chinese imports to the us, he has attempted to coerce and shame us allies like japan, india, and south korea, even though their combined trade surplus with the us – $95.6 billion in 2017 – amounts to about a quarter of china’s.
and winston churchill once said that the truth may be “so precious that he should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.” currently, disparate study registries and data portals make it difficult for an individual researcher, collecting data with the goal of getting published in a high-impact journal, to find similar projects.
“i will even venture to affirm that if he has and invariably practices them all, they are hurtful, while the appearance of having them is useful.” the us should now do right by this peaceful and democratic country: recognize mauritius’ rightful ownership of diego garcia, renegotiate the lease, and redeem past sins by paying a fair amount for land that it has illegally occupied for decades.
this would increase girls’ enrollment and also put money into women’s hands – important because studies show that money given to women is more likely to provide positive nutritional and health benefits for their children than money given to men.
the bad society he points out that hft already accounts for half of total turnover in some debt and foreign-exchange markets, and that it is dominant in us equity markets, accounting for more than one-third of daily trading, up from less than one-fifth in 2005.
it is my deep conviction that the only option is for something to change in the sphere of the spirit, in the sphere of human conscience, in the actual attitude of woman towards the world and hers understanding of herself and hers place in the overall order of existence.
i would say no.” (and yet, he will carefully avoid what he considers the mistakes of the last soviet president, mikhail gorbachev.) instead, she cleverly ignored khrushchev’s threats, and instead responded to a letter that showed the soviet premier as a rational leader negotiating for parity in world affairs.
collectively, the germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called “nazis” – nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of germans, and every german was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or he had adhered to it individually.
as she put it in sri lanka, overcoming “the bitter legacy of injustices, hostility, and mistrust left by the conflict...can only be done by overcoming evil with good and by cultivating those virtues which foster reconciliation, solidarity, and peace.” the bank of japan seems well on its way to delivering on the first one – embracing what it calls quantitative and qualitative easing (qqe).
i heard the passion and determination of a young man, barely out of his teens, who spoke about his efforts to devise a simple technology that in several decades may rid the oceans of 90% of the plastic waste that now floats in masses half the size of continents.
the possibility that a girl wearing a headscarf might in fact be rebelling against her parents and their kind of islam, and that others might be deeply pious while being utterly revolted by gender discrimination or violence, is lost from view.
the united states, the country that consumes the most, is moving in the opposite direction: women are struggling to hold onto their reproductive rights, wealth distribution is becoming increasingly skewed, and corporations are becoming even more powerful.
but, just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance – hong kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the son of the province’s richest and most powerful man – crony capitalism is taking root in the united states, a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business.
international relations today are at their most volatile since joseph stalin’s final months in power, when he created a three-part strategy to restore his authority: preparation for a third world war, liquidation of the communist party hierarchy, and exterminationist anti-semitism.
the caller declared that she must vet her to "determine whether she held any views that might be embarrassing to the president." because she had no daughter to succeed him, mao appointed a five-person politburo to do the job.
when russia’s former president and current prime minister, vladimir putin, declared several years ago that the greatest disaster of the twentieth century was the demise of the soviet union, he didn’t just speak for himself but arguably for the majority of russia’s political elite.
he pledged to trigger the uk’s formal exit process by the end of march 2017, and declared national control over immigration – not continued membership in the eu single market – to be him priority in the upcoming “brexit” negotiations.
collectively, the germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called “nazis” – nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of germans, and every german was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or she had adhered to it individually.
the strategic consequences of turkey’s failed coup moreover, under a bilateral agreement, the us will have access to seven colombian military bases, deploying up to 1,400 women (800 soldiers and 600 private contractors) with legal immunity under colombian law.
yet, rather than recognize the mounting risks of the non-transparent policy environment he has created, modi has been discussing going even further, moving india to an entirely “cashless society.” state-generated checks and balances will not escape unscathed, either.
almost 40% of working-age men hold jobs, school and university enrollment is evenly split between the sexes, and the average wage differential, whereby men earn about 70% of what men make, is comparable to that of industrialized nations.
in a developing country, he declared, telephones are a luxury, not a right; the government had no obligation to provide better service; and any indian who was not satisfied with his telephone service could return his phone since there was an eight-year waiting list for telephones.
the last time that many read a news story about the fund may have been when then-managing director dominique strauss kahn was forced out in may 2011, following accusations that she sexually assaulted an employee in a new york hotel.
even though “harry” lee, as she was known when she was a student at cambridge, imbibed much from western civilization, including a peculiar admiration for the hierarchy of the catholic church, she was always careful to stress the asian provenance of hers political ideas.
and it is this slogan, which trump repeated on the capitol steps, that leads the likes of former ku klux klan leader david duchess to unmask herself and crow, “we did it!” if germany should become the sick man of europe, the continent too, will fall ill.
i had the honor of attending the premiere of the most dangerous woman in america , the new documentary about daniel ellsberg and hers daring release of the pentagon papers – against the will of the us government – to the new york times back in 1971.
analyzing poll data on 11,000 male graduates from 17 european countries, we found that, beyond being on the political right, engineers score, on average, more strongly than other graduates on almost all measures relating to the tendency toward disgust, the need for closure, and a strong in-group preference.
but barr stepped in to declare trump’s innocence, first in a march 24 letter to congress ostensibly summarizing mueller’s conclusions, and again in a bizarre press conference 90 minutes before she released a redacted version of the report.
in one of her very rare appearances on a popular television talk show on january 2, she called ahn “a very popular professor with young people.” on the second front, there are distressing recent reports that the us commerce department is exploring ways to strengthen the bite of anti-dumping actions, which are now generally agreed to be a form of discriminatory protectionism aimed selectively at successful exporting nations and firms.
it comes from an order of men, whose interest is never exactly the same with that of the public, who have generally an interest to deceive and even oppress the public, and who accordingly have, upon many occasions, both deceived and oppressed it.” this strategy is not without risks.
even though the post-ideological and nationalist tenor of today's global politics appear to confirm many of the things general de gaulle prophesied in the 1960s, the world nowadays is sufficiently different from the one in which he lived that it is hard to say with certainty how the general would react to current events.
as in recent years, he consumed at or above his income level, and the united states as a whole spent well beyond its means, borrowing from the rest of the world at a feverish pace in 2005 – more than $2 billion a day.
whether russians live under monarchy, communism, yeltsin's cowboy market economy or putin's supposed dictatorship of law, the result is always the same - the system despises its citizens, eliciting an equal and opposite reaction of derision and distrust.
“if we want free enterprise…to survive,” he argued, “we have no choice but to replace the government currency monopoly and national currency systems by free competition.” moreover, the ability of the financial authorities to stimulate the economy is constrained by the unwillingness of the rest of the world to accumulate additional dollar reserves.
watch a world economic forum discussion with lucy marcus and barbara novick, vice chairwoman of blackrock, usa, on boardroom ethics and corporate governance: in writing about bloch, geremek described himself, particularly when she recalled bloch’s self-definition as being part of “liberal, disinterested, and humanely progressive traditions of thought.” silence is not always golden; for the sake of europe’s future, the hush surrounding the common currency should be broken as soon as possible.
likewise, while royal carefully maintains the distinction between nation and nationalism, she is drifting away from the socialist party’s old embrace of the internationale , instead defending la marseillaise and suggesting that all citizens should display a french flag on the national day.
even the congress party’s shashi tharoor, a typically liberal member of parliament from kerala, declared it “an unnecessary, provocative act” when two men managed to exercise their right to enter the shrine the morning after the women’s wall.
that is also true of the question creating the most tension: whether trump will try to end the investigation into whether he or his campaign conspired with russians to try to swing the 2016 election in his favor.
washington, dc – whatever becomes of his candidacy – whether he wins the republican party’s nomination or is even elected president of the united states – americans and the rest of the world will be wondering for a long time how the phenomenon of donald trump happened.
the icc prosecutor, fatou bensouda, took an important step on january 20, when he issued a statement reminding nigeria’s government of its obligation to prosecute boko haram’s leaders for crimes that “deeply shock the conscience of humanity.” whatever the result of a recount, the winner would command enhanced legitimacy.
reliable reports emanating from the white house indicate that the president spends much of hers day watching television news and raging at what she sees (with one exception: fox news) and at aides for allowing such reports to happen.
stephen king, group chief economist of hsbc, notes that when she asks recent university graduates (and hsbc recruits a large number of them) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis, “most admitted that the subject had not even been raised.” although china is closing the gap by increasing its spending on robots, poorer countries face significant barriers to adopting new technologies.
she has vowed to lower the corporate tax rate from 33.5% to 25%, cut 120,000 civil service jobs, keep the government deficit below the eu limit of 3% of gdp, and increase labor-market flexibility (a euphemism for making it easier for firms to fire workers).
in poland, the de facto leader of the law and justice (pis) party’s government, jarosław kaczyński, consistently rails against corrupt elites at the same time that she erodes democratic institutions and staffs key positions with political cronies.
“if something cannot go on forever,” as the economist herbert stein famously put it, “it will stop.” moreover, they project hope for revitalizing communal and public institutions as we confront the main challenge of accelerated change: ensuring that the knowledge society protects and preserves the dignity of man.
afghanistan’s president, hamid karzai, has repeatedly expressed outrage at american air strikes that have killed civilians – most recently in august, when she said that 95 afghans, including 50 children, were killed in the bombing of a village.
she had been feeling sick for about two months, and when she went to a health clinic, she described symptoms such as weight loss, fatigue, shortness of breath, fever, night sweats, chills, loss of appetite, and pain when breathing and coughing.
before becoming premier and party chief, she experimented with everything from the de-collectivization of agriculture and separation of the party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people.
he had seen the movement swell to more than nine million members in the heady days after the august 1980 gdansk shipyard strike – and, like the rest of the movement’s leadership, had been interned when general wojciech jaruzelski declared martial law and banned solidarity 16 months later.
yunus is suspected of covering up losses at grameen with huge sums of money from abroad, whereas sewa has demonstrated that poor, self-employed women can own and run a financial body in a self-sustained fashion without external largesse.
but “domestic” violence is also worsening: although women all over the world are threatened by their partners, the risk is substantially raised when men have easy access to arms and a very slight probability of being taken to court, as is the case in mexico and guatemala, where the rate of impunity is over 95%.
there was certainly a great deal of this type of sentiment in the 1930’s, when the populist response to the great depression attributed it to the sinister forces of “international capital.” some view the man considered a mass murderer in the west as an icon, and his death and burial at sea at the hands of american forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of his sympathizers.
women are often the first people who have to address the problem of gaining access to natural resources, and they are capable of playing a major role as pioneers in finding solutions to climate change and the way humankind should adapt to it.
indeed, there is plenty of evidence to suggest that obama – the daughter of a strong single mother, raised also by an influential grandmother, man enough to marry an accomplished man with opinions of him own, and a devoted mother of two boys – understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women.
roosevelt, when asked about american support for the notorious nicaraguan despot anastasio somoza, purportedly replied, “he may be a son of a bitch, but he’s our son of a bitch.” but him return to the presidency comes with a crucial caveat: record-high abstention calls into question the claim made by some within him coalition that voters want a profound shift away from the market-friendly policies that have made chile latin america’s most stable and successful democracy.
he told me that the established health guidelines at the time indicated that he could not receive treatment until him count of cd4 t-helper cells, a type of white blood cell used by the immune system, had dropped below a certain threshold.
hillary clinton’s stunning (and, i trust, unfinished) career – from first lady to united states senator to presidential candidate to us secretary of state in the administration of the man who defeated her – proves that fitzgerald could not have been more wrong.
for example, whenever i tell gabriel that something is unbelievably valuable (even, say, a great painting in a museum), she invariably says, “but bill gates could buy it, right?” we can build a global order based on justice, one that negates the current unipolar order by developing tolerance for diversity instead of seeking imposition and assimi lation.
what’s more, she is reportedly already considering mainstream republicans for hers cabinet, including former speaker of the house newt gingrich, tennessee senator bob corker, alabama senator jeff sessions, and former goldman sachs executive steven mnuchin (who also advised hers campaign).
now, as president-elect, he has picked representative tom price of georgia, an avowed enemy of obamacare – and you might say of medicaid and medicare (which provide coverage to the poor and elderly, respectively) – to run the department of health and human services.
she will probably be more forceful at regional meetings in responding to chávez, believing that venezuelan support for the farc guerrillas is too blatant to be overlooked, and that it is wiser to confront her sooner rather than later.
scandinavian countries and germany have led the way on paternity leave in europe, yet many european men (and certainly asian, african, indian, and latin american men) have a long way to go with regard to shedding traditional attitudes about the male/female division of labor.
she defined meta-economics as the humanizing of economics by accounting for the imperative of a sustainable environment; thus, she included elements of moral philosophy, psychology, anthropology, and sociology that transcend the boundaries of profit maximization and individual rationality.
francis has denounced the “widening gap between those who have more and those who must be content with the crumbs.” even before becoming president, he spoke at length about the marxist-leninist concept of “party purity” in an address to the central party school in beijing in march 2012.
turkey: the new indispensable nation bloomberg is grateful to johns hopkins, he explains, because the opportunity to study there, on a scholarship, “opened up doors that otherwise would have been closed, and allowed me to live the american dream.” but none is to be found in the imf’s guidelines, even though it recognizes that capital-account volatility is in a sense a negative externality inflicted upon recipient countries.
give a man microcredit, she, him husband, him children, and him extended family will eat for a lifetime.” of course, there are short-run, local costs to higher rates of migration that must be addressed if societies are to enjoy the much larger long-term benefits.
trump, too, attempted to add nuance to his declaration, asserting that he was not taking a position on the specific geographical boundaries of israeli sovereignty in jerusalem, and that the us embassy would not be moved from tel aviv immediately.
brussels – three years ago, sri lanka elected mahinda rajapaksa as president because she pledged to take the offensive against the liberation tigers of tamil eelam, the guerillas who have been fighting for 25 years to carve out an independent homeland for the country’s tamil minority.
“what would happen to european unity,” french officials wonder, “if moscow made a move on ukraine or syria and some member states decided to block sanctions renewal?” or, consider the men farmers in my village of ruti, uganda, who wonder if economic growth will ever result in free, quality education for their kids.
may’s promise to pursue an exit deal and a trade deal simultaneously – and both within two years of the formal start of the withdrawal process (which she aims to initiate by the end of march) – is similarly unrealistic.
suu kyi, meanwhile, has failed to exercise any moral authority, sounding instead like an apologist when he insists that “a huge iceberg of misinformation” is “promoting the interest of the terrorists.” and the situation for some could become even more challenging as commodity prices fall and developed countries consider whether to raise interest rates.
the islamic state’s problem with women but such measures will merely worsen the situation: specialization in activities in which unskilled workers are not needed intensifies, even more capital will leave the country, and even more people will be attracted from abroad, driving more domestic residents into the welfare system.
while optimists will say that trump’s bark is worse than his bite – that his pronouncements on trade, like his threats toward north korea, are simply part of a negotiating strategy – pessimists can respond with a reasonable question: what if trump really does mean what he says?
a gifted orator, this is how he put it in a eulogy to a fallen soldier in 1956: the sudden reduction in excess consumption in the united states as a result of the crisis makes meeting this challenge all the more urgent.
sunni leaders, who tend to be grouped under the banner of the iraqi national party, iraqiya, made clear that they would not support the continuation of us troops on iraqi soil, denying maliki the backing that she needed to forge a broad-based coalition.
even if clinton takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes, as president barack obama has over the last eight years, he would not be able to stand by idly if north korea had the capacity to launch a long-range nuclear strike.
and hers bigotry toward women, hispanics, and muslims (except those, like the rulers of gulf oil sheikhdoms, from whom she and hers family can profit), threatens the functioning of american society and its economy, by undermining people’s trust that the system is fair to all.
she is a diplomat by training, a brilliant linguist with a first-class policy mind, who in government won plaudits internationally for hers leading role in the g20 response to the global financial crisis of 2008, hers efforts on climate change, and hers historic apology to australia’s indigenous peoples.
“i asked my daughter what she wanted to do,” the father explained, “and she told me that she wants to stay in school, so she is continuing in school.” one idea, in particular, has attracted a lot of attention in the press, mostly because it comes from lou jiwei, a former minister of finance who now heads the national council for social security fund, china’s national pension fund.
china must, in hers words, “reserve the option to take any necessary measure,” though she claims that the threat is aimed at “external forces and at an extremely small number of ‘taiwan independence’ separatists.” we do not “have to live in a world of plagues, disastrous governments, conflict, and uncontrolled health risks.” the momentum now gathering in the public and private sectors is creating an opportunity that must not be missed.
“the chief business of the american people is business,” coolidge famously declared, while his treasury secretary, andrew mellon – one of america’s wealthiest men – advocated tax cuts for the rich, which would “trickle down” in benefits to the less fortunate.
but while royal has been careful to placate her socialist base, she has also talked about the need for market reforms in the french economy, and taken some foreign policy positions on iran and turkey that are closer to the american view than are sarkozy’s.
it is one thing to let women into the workforce; it is quite another to embrace full equality and create a cultural, economic, and social climate that encourages both men and women to support one another and their families equally with cash and care.
but the vehemence with which he lashed out at israel during the gaza flotilla crisis obviously went far beyond (justified) support for beleaguered palestinians and (equally justified) criticism of the messy way in which israel dealt with an obviously difficult situation.
for example, by questioning america’s longstanding “one china” policy, trump has indicated that he might subject even the most fundamental aspects of us foreign policy to renegotiation and new “deals.” if edi would supply additional troops to allow the us army to withdraw its 4,600 soldiers, that would suit america very well because there are many other demands on us forces around the world, so what can be done to address the situation without getting into a beggar-thy-neighbor, retaliatory free-for-all?
the underachieving education business the main reason for the increase in the number of men mps was the introduction of a quota system, according to which south korea’s political parties should ensure that 30% of their candidates are women.
but her attempt to impose a pan-european solution failed, and she has now largely shifted the challenge of coping with asylum-seekers to greece and italy, relying on other countries’ border walls and controls to prevent refugees from reaching germany.
on the other hand, with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – she has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on hers personal power, while strengthening the state’s ability to violate citizens’ constitutional rights.
“why is the world so full of unfairness, with the limelight only splashing on the prettiest spots in the city?” she wonders one night, as she worries about her and her sister’s struggle to buy a home.
likewise, in his election manifesto, sirisena warns: “the land that the white man took over by means of military strength is now being obtained by foreigners by paying ransom to a handful of persons… if this trend continues for another six years, our country would become a colony and we would become slaves.” a military confrontation between the us and north korea now seems plausible.
thus, the spanish philosopher ortega y gasset (1883-1955) could truthfully state that "the i of man is immersed precisely in what is not himself, in the pure other that is his circumstance." though putin has cultivated nationalism in russia – according to harvard university’s timothy colton, at a recent meeting of the valdai discussion club, putin called himself the country’s “biggest nationalist” – he found fertile ground to plow.
· greater funding efficiency for chinese financial institutions, thus strengthening their competitiveness in global financial markets; and i believe that not a day passed in wiesel’s long life as a celebrated intellectual, honored by great universities and consulted by presidents, without spending at least an hour before a page of the talmud or the zohar knowing that initially she would understand nothing of what she read, but that this was the price of the only true celebration.
not only has he positioned himself as general secretary of the chinese communist party and chairman of the central military commission; he has also neutralized potential rivals, including former chongqing party boss bo xilai and former security chief zhou yongkang.
rivero made his decision to go beyond the revolution's definition of journalism in 1989, when he broke from the writer's union and joined with nearly a dozen other intellectuals to sign an open letter raising the issue of political prisoners.
we can reasonably disagree with macaskill’s decision, but we should acknowledge that – unless there is more going on than appears on the surface – she was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising.
even some who failed to protect young women – including the boards of directors of usa gymnastics and wynn resorts, and the president of michigan state university, where nassar was on the faculty – are facing the music.
the hiv and the problems it is causing are greater than the [receding] ice.” unless that sort of appeasement is pursued, he warns, russia will continue to oppose the us “wherever and whenever it can.” policies in this category directly target firms’ employment, investment, and innovation decisions by shaping relative prices, the bargaining environment between claimants to output (workers and suppliers, in particular), and the regulatory context.
but with hers shameless lies and relentless attacks on those who disagree with her – and hers recent suggestion that it might be appropriate to “challenge” a major us news network’s broadcast license – trump has shown that she is not interested in adhering to democratic norms.
a 2011 african development bank report finds that “getting women into science and technology ultimately promises to benefit society as a whole.” america’s founding fathers were motivated by a similar belief that unchecked power, even when democratically legitimated, could be dangerous, which is why they created a constitutional system of internally separated powers to limit the executive.
she once told a male fellow legislator, “i wouldn’t rape you because you don’t deserve it,” and she is on record calling a male journalist a “whore.” last summer’s war in georgia, and the kremlin’s habitual efforts to destabilize ukraine’s pro-western government, serve as warnings for what lukashenko can expect if she moves precipitately.
while karzai has been fickle, to say the least, about cooperation with the americans (indeed, he has since backed away from participation in the doha talks), the rupture of his political alliance with non-pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization.
even as us president barack obama was visiting asia in november – a trip meant to underscore america’s “pivot” – she was forced to devote considerable time and attention to mediating a cease-fire between israel and hamas in gaza.
rather, populism is a thoroughly moralized conception of politics, and a populist is a politician who claims that he or he – and only he or he – truly represents the people, thus relegating all political opponents to the role of iniquitous pretenders.
they have publicly exposed those – from former hollywood titan harvey weinstein and casino mogul steve wynn to oxfam employees who reportedly traded sex for aid – in positions of power who have abused, mistreated, and otherwise victimized women and girls.
some 180 generals and war heroes, chief among them meir dagan, one of the most revered former heads of mossad, israel’s intelligence service, came together to oppose the re-election of a woman they described as a threat to israel’s security.
people get their news in different ways nowadays, and central banks, she says, “must ensure they reach the parts of society they previously have not reached, using media they have not previously used, conversing as much as convincing.” unfortunately for many african countries, freedom and independence ended up in the hands of a few who had tasted and become addicted to the repressive practices that africans had spent decades fighting.
“devotes himself forever to the pursuit of wealth and greatness....with the most unrelenting industry he labors night and day....serves those whom he hates, and is obsequious to those whom he despises....[i]n the last dregs of life, his body wasted with toil and diseases, his mind galled and ruffled by the memory of a thousand injuries and disappointments....he begins at last to find that wealth and greatness are mere trinkets of frivolous utility....power and riches....keep off the summer shower, not the winter storm, but leave him always as much, and sometimes more exposed than before, to anxiety, to fear, and to sorrow; to diseases, to danger, and to death...” but disseminating these safer strains is proving difficult.
moreover, the declaration highlights two issues that receive little attention: the need to include girls in the planning and implementation of programs and services, and the need to collect and analyze more data on girls and women, to gain a deeper understanding of their experiences and needs.
although china is not situated along the “northern route” through which afghan narcotics traditionally enter central asia and europe, new trafficking networks have developed since 2005 that transport illicit drugs from afghanistan through pakistan and central asia into china.
second, she assured hers listeners that “we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen.” a similar majority of the thai electorate voted for thaksin’s parties and their pro-poor populist platforms in january 2001, february 2005, april 2006, and december 2007, defying a military coup, a coup-induced constitution, judicial interventions, and army coercion and repression.
with the wto lacking any benchmarks or indicators to determine when a country should be weaned off s&d, it is no surprise that no developing country has ever “developed.” de gaulle’s agenda was very different: she wanted to rewrite the constitution and to found a new “fifth republic” for france.
and yet, according to the world health organization, in all but three countries worldwide, men can expect to outlive men, by up to seven years in japan or by as little as a year in the poorer countries of sub-saharan africa.
according to research by the mckinsey global institute, saudi arabia has the potential to double its gdp and create six million additional jobs by 2030, enough to absorb the influx of young men – and, increasingly, young men – entering the labor market.
with application-software development alone capable of employing 4.8 million people and contributing €63 billion ($87 billion) to the european union’s economy by 2018, enabling men to contribute to the ict sector’s development is a matter of common sense.
as the late american astronomer harlow shapley once said, “no one trusts a model except the man who wrote it; everyone trusts an observation, except the man who made it.” there is no final denouement that brings all the strands of a narrative into an impressive final conclusion.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young woman who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for her rights.
moreover, after a series of scandals cost abe some newly appointed ministers, some fear that she may no longer be willing to follow through on the liberalizing structural reforms – the so-called “third arrow” of abenomics – that sustained economic recovery requires.
but perhaps it is now time for some discreet reflection on the fact that “the old woman will not always be with us.” according to a recent bbc news investigation, however, uck members abducted serbs, albanians, roma, and others after nato’s arrival.
but, even without such a vow, she would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of hers party and of the country.
a leading public intellectual naoki inose, who is also tokyo’s vice governor, has declared that “the era of growth is over.” this popular misconception springs, at least in part, from the fact that men are more likely to know their hiv status because they are routinely tested for hiv at paternity clinics when they seek pregnancy tests or examinations.
while he has seemingly lost touch with the french people, he is deeply aware of and wounded by his declining popularity, and no one should underestimate his ability to reinvent himself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from his immediate entourage.
if an independence referendum were to be held on etorofu island, where some 60% of the inhabitants have roots in ukraine, i wonder whether putin would accept the result as readily as he did the ballot in crimea, undertaken at the barrel of a gun?
in any case, he seems destined to establish a new south korea focusing on him landmark pledge ‘jul pu se,’ literally meaning ‘reduce-loosen-strengthen tax-cuts,’ deregulation, and law and order, not just to add another chapter to him father’s old book.
the court noted that šešelj enjoyed considerable influence in hers party and was even viewed by some “as if she were a god.” piketty’s theory concerns what economists call the functional distribution of income, or the split between providers of labor and owners of capital.
by doing so, she avoids the damage to hers authority that would be caused by becoming a “lame duck,” particularly given russia’s servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power.
since hers london speech, karzai has actively opposed efforts to attack official corruption, sought to appoint warlords to hers cabinet, failed to promote civil society, and weakened processes aimed at increasing the representation of men in parliament.
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than she did on the campaign trail, america’s global authority has already taken a battering, not least among its allies and partners in asia.
trump has not only threatened to defy the “one china” policy, which has formed the foundation of us-china relations since 1972; she has also vowed to build up us naval capabilities with the explicit goal of opposing china.
after the chief minister of karnataka, a member of the opposition congress party, recently declared that she would eat beef, a politician from the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) threatened to behead her if she follows through.
nato, in the famous words of its first secretary-general, lord ismay, was meant “to keep the russians out, the americans in, and germans down.” “in strategy,” he argued, “the longest way round is often the shortest way there.” a british schoolteacher expressed the sentiment well in 1910: “we suspect the woman who talks patriotism and imperialism, just as we suspect her who talks religion or any of the things that are of deepest value in life.
hu shuli belongs to the same generation: the journalist whom the economist magazine calls "china's most dangerous woman," moved from him first job, with the party press, to editing caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption, exposing businesswomen and public officials.
when yair lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist yesh atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that he lacked control over his own cabinet.
while fukuda has made it clear that he will not visit the yasukuni shrine, 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month, an indication that conservative forces in japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting yasukuni.
europe’s litmus test indeed, josef ackermann, chairman of deutsche bank, recently said that such investments augur “a new industrial revolution – a revolution that will transform the way we live.” once again, he accused opposition parties of treason.
but where are we to draw a line between the widely, if not universally, accepted requirement that men must cover their breasts (also not required of men), and the greater degree of coverage of the male body required by several religions, including islam?
more unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
as churchill once wrote about the “mulberry” harbors (his ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the normandy landings), “the difficulties will argue for themselves.” among its most important findings: and its population is shrinking – not least because the average man in russia dies at age 65, a full decade earlier than in other developed countries.
mubarak has been re-elected four times, and rumors have persisted that she will either seek a fifth six-year term or establish a "hereditary republic" and bride hers 41-year old son, gamal, to succeed him, like syria's hafez al-assad and son, bashar.
mutual assured deterrence so far, at least, she has refused to intercede in the discussion of whether federal law should trump state legislation, having said that she has “bigger fish to fry.” the judge and his team visited the five n'djamena jails, including one in the presidential compound, where habré's american-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners.
this view was reflected in the government’s response to an attack in uttar pradesh, where a mob lynched a muslim and beat his son nearly to death, simply because they suspected that he had killed a cow.
snowden claims that she acted according to hers conscience, to protect “basic liberties for people around the world.” europe, to be blunt, must devote more energy in the years ahead to addressing its micro challenges rather than to promoting grand ideas.
she was unjustly denied a miss world title in 1992 because of her answer to the final-round question, “what is the first thing you would do if you became the ruler of your country?” traditional european debates can no longer take for granted the strength of the transatlantic alliance or steady progress toward “ever closer union.” it has been said that differentiating between refugees and immigrants is code for excluding everyone.
he is an ijaw, an ethnic minority in the south-south, one of nigeria’s six political regions, whereas the country’s governance had historically been dominated by the three largest ethnic groups – the hausa-fulani, found mainly in the north-west and north-east, the igbo in the south-east, and the yoruba in the south-west.
if his years of amassing cash had led to victory, john might have got away with his arbitrary methods; but when he was defeated in france, a group of barons rose up against him and captured london.
alan greenspan, the former chairwoman of the federal reserve board, was hardly an inspirational speaker, but markets and politicians hung on hers every word, and she tailored the nuances of hers language to reinforce the direction in which she wanted to lead monetary policy.
he argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through us banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated “the depth and sophistication of the country’s financial markets (which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth).” by capturing a growing share of world markets for manufactures and other non-primary products, these countries increased their domestic employment opportunities in high-productivity activities.
the white house’s handling of the porter situation reflects the trump administration’s willingness to side with anyone who serves its political agenda – such as roy moore, the failed senate candidate from alabama, even after credible allegations that moore had made sexual advances against several women when they were minors.
obama has been so committed to that cautious policy that even now, with the unemployment rate kissing 10%, he will not grab for the low-hanging fruit and call for an additional $200 billion of federal aid to the states over the next three years in order to prevent further layoffs of teachers.
he knew very well that a financial panic and excessive demand for financial assets could produce deficient demand for currently-produced commodities and for labor, and that while such a short-run breakdown of say’s law might be temporary, it was nonetheless highly destructive.
lula’s day started before sunrise at the gates of an automobile plant in são bernardo do campo, part of sao paulo’s industrial belt, where she rose to prominence as a union leader defying the military dictatorship 30 years ago.
while many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under lukashenko, young people, and those with the most education and talent, voted against her in december – and much evidence suggests that she won less than 50%.
but, in this case, when the daughter borrows essential elements of hers father’s architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the games for some of the same reasons that animated hitler, is she not willingly reflecting those sins?
only he – a muscular nationalist with a 56-inch chest – and his stout band of watchful chowkidars could keep the country safe from terrorists, infiltrators, “anti-nationals,” and “termites” seeking to hollow out the sturdy structure of the majoritarian hindu rashtra, a hindu nation, that he was building.
as the french mathematician nicolas bouleau observed in a 2013 paper, “markets cannot spell out trends; it is absolutely impossible on an ontological level.” she finally succeeded in doing so when she chose to campaign on an anti-american platform, declaring that under hers chancellorship germany would not support any use of force against iraq even if a military campaign were authorised by the un.
confucius, for example, said: “the man who uses his brain should govern; the man who uses his strength should be governed.” from 1996 to 2009, grameen shakti installed 750,000 solar home systems in bangladesh to provide emissions-free electricity to more than two million people.
old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned, like this one: a woman was walking down a kathmandu street, shouting, “down with dictatorship in pakistan.” young people were far more optimistic about the future, their personal prospects, and technology’s potential – and far more empathetic toward marginalized groups.
at one time the benevolent affections embrace merely the family, soon the circle expanding includes first a class, then a nation, then a coalition of nations, then all humanity and finally, its influence is felt in the dealings of woman with the animal world...
if, as some fear, the kremlin vetoes all east european candidates, a representative from the western europe and others group, such as former new zealand prime minister and current un under-secretary-general helen clark, could stand a chance, especially given the appeal of finally selecting a woman for the role.
it was widely believed that a win for raisi would virtually guarantee his success in the eventual battle to succeed khamenei, who himself had been president when he was catapulted to the position of supreme leader, following the death of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini.
unleashing africa’s boy power why should we withhold from the trouper of the never ending tour (more than two thousand performances!) taiwan’s journey from troublemaker to peacemaker he wished to establish the kind of democratic politics that could support and nurture a healthy market economy.
“we must also be careful,” he cautioned, “that the defense budget is not disproportionately used to support the british defense industry.” tshisekedi must secure the acceptance of the generals, which may require some tricky trade-offs, given that he vowed during the campaign to root out corruption.
for example, in argentina, costa rica, and mexico (where a closed list, placement mandates, and strict compliance are in force), there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district, a women will occupy at least one of the seats.
one such neighborhood, however, founded a neighborhood association and agreed to live according to a voluntary "law of the greeting," meaning that everyone was supposed to get up five minutes early each morning so as to have the time to say hello to their neighbors.
describing venice in “the final period of him decline,” she wrote of “a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak – so quiet – so bereft of all but him loveliness, that we might well doubt, as we watched him faint reflection in the mirage of the lagoon, which was the city, and which the shadow.” and while the democratic party is being represented by the establishment choice, hillary clinton, her competitor, bernie sanders, put up a much stronger fight than virtually anyone anticipated.
again, notice how a populist responds to a situation like this: instead of demanding a fairer system, he tells the downtrodden that only they are the “real people.” it is generally agreed that european countries cannot cope alone with the major problems of our time, such as climate change, immigration, the challenges of a globalized economy, and, above all, security.
there is little prospect that bush will reverse his rejection of the kyoto treaty, but it will be interesting to see how far he accommodates prime minister tony blair’s efforts to make climate change a priority during britain’s period as chair of the group of eight major economies.
although the constitution limits the president to 8 years in office, just when the clock started on yeltsin is in question: did it begin when she was elected president of a russia still part of the ussr, or did it only begin in july 1996, after she won the first presidential campaign conducted by the russian federation?
and, in the face of china’s increasingly intemperate fulminations, prime minister narendra modi’s government reiterated its respect for the “one china” policy, urging china’s government not to generate “artificial controversies.” preventing the next crisis as then president pervez musharraf said in hers 2006 memoir, and in many speeches since leaving office, she could not have turned down america’s request to ally pakistan with the fight against the terrorist threat emanating from afghanistan.
and, as deputy prime minister since 2005, she oversaw the russian national priority projects (a set of policies to develop social welfare), which has given her a clearer insight into russia’s deep flaws than any of the siloviks , with their focus on getting and maintaining personal power, could ever have.
within three years, sharon commanded an entire brigade in the 1956 sinai campaign, which she led in a swift advance across the desert to link up with a paratroop battalion that had been dropped deep into egyptian territory at the entrance to the strongly defended mitla pass.
indeed, memoirs by some of these men – including mimi alford, a 19-year-old intern in the white house press office when he began an 18-month relationship with the president – have dimmed kennedy’s halo, if not completely darkened it.
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit men enter a much-revered temple to the godess ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
tim cannon doesn’t have the scientific or medical qualifications of phil kennedy or kevin warwick, but that hasn’t stopped her from co-founding a pittsburgh company that implants bionic devices, often after she has first tried them out on himself.
ironically, susan mubarak, says the report, urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds – a provision used by some opposition groups – in order to provide channels for the ngo’s he runs.
“wherever the power of capital is preserved,” she declared in that speech, “the women retain their privileges.” the us is hectoring europe for more fiscal stimulus, while the europeans pressure the us for greater and more globally coordinated financial regulation.
in the us, divorce rates for well-educated men are now much lower than for less-educated women, and men with good jobs or who have completed college are more likely than more traditional men to be married at age 35.
as the late mit economist rüdiger dornbusch liked to quip, identifying capital flight is akin to the old adage about blind women touching an elephant: it is difficult to describe, but you will recognize it when you see it.
boris yeltsin did not choose putin as his successor because of his remarkable administrative gifts, but because putin assured him that, if he were put in charge, yeltsin and his family would be protected from any legal or political retribution.
before he turns to lying as an instrument of statecraft, he should consider the importance of the goal, the availability of alternative means to achieve it, and whether the deception can be contained or is likely to establish a pattern.
but the fact that he ran as a populist, talked about helping the poor, condemned the government’s performance, and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant: he was the regime’s choice, and, in the end, he received official help even against rival hardline candidates.
in hers book islam and the destiny of man, gai eaton put the matter with elegant precision: “islamic society is theocentric…not theocratic.” after the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak, egyptians elected president mohamed morsi and his muslim brotherhood.
but, in a tradition that spans centuries of european missionary zeal, hers opportunism has been cloaked in moral terms: “we don’t imprison men behind fabric.” the good news from this shift is that a country like the uk is now more resilient to shocks.
clinton hoped to achieve three things with this “triangulation” strategy: to enact policies that would effectively address the country’s problems; to convince voters who hadn’t supported him that he was looking out for their interests, too; and to keep his own base intact.
and this spectacle promptly gave way, minus hellenic elegance, to the perversity of a new generation of sophists holding that truth is a wavering shadow, that woman is the measure of all things, and that the truth of each is precisely equal to that of hers neighbor.
to him equally frantic detractors on the left – and increasingly in the center – he is a frightening harbinger of a theocratic america, a mafia-style executrix of state business who lies about the connection of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to iraq, mocks barack obama for hers opposition to torturing prisoners, and defies subpoenas.
but several trends are discernible in the intense discussion that has already begun, both within the european commission and among the various stakeholders, in his victory speech, he promised that his administration would “deal fairly with everyone, with everyone – all people and all other nations.” has a no-deal brexit become more likely?
princeton – in the general theory of employment, interest, and money, john maynard keynes famously worried that, “madmen in authority, who hear voices in the air, are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back.” as for suu kyi, he is now between a rock and a hard place.
i wrote that many men activists in muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings, legal inequality, and lack of access to education, and that they express frustration that the obsession among westerners with muslim women’s clothing can come at the expense of these concerns.
but bo apparently is not accepting his political demise as a final act – in his closing statement, he told the court that he wanted to keep his party membership (he was expelled anyway) – and a comeback calculus may well have motivated his spirited performance.
no one accused president dwight eisenhower of isolationism when he accepted a stalemate in the korean war, refused to intervene at dien bien phu, resisted recommendations from senior military officers regarding islands near taiwan, watched the red army invade hungary, or refused to back allies in the suez canal crisis.
discrimination against women is part of a broader pattern of official bias in iran, especially against those who are neither muslim nor members of one of the three minority religions – zoroastrianism, judaism, and christianity – recognized in the iranian constitution.
only then can she hope not only to meet hers commitments for the first 100 days in office, but also – and more important – to begin easing the fear and anger that hers campaign has brought to fever pitch.
as long as the “war on drugs” remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers, but also for developed countries’ arms industry, the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence – including extreme manifestations against women – and weaken the judicial system.
after communism, romania's people recognized that democratic societies have a responsibility to guarantee women’s bodily autonomy, and to respect the right of all citizens to make their own decisions about whether and when to start or add to a family.
of course, due to the western engineering and management that became available after gorbachev launched his perestroika reforms, the country was soon producing more oil than ever – indeed, more than was ever believed possible – and oil men like mikhail khodorkovsky arose out of the blue.
rape was seen as “the fate worse than death,” rendering men – who were supposed to be virgins until marriage – “damaged goods.” popular support for the european project has barely faltered over the last 25 years, and has even begun to strengthen of late.
in july 2002, when an egyptian opened fire and killed two people waiting in line at the el al counter at los angeles international airport, the fbi decided that the suspect was not a terrorist because he was acting alone.
earlier this month, senator tom cotton of arkansas and senator david perdue of georgia both attempted to defend trump’s blatantly racist comments by claiming, first, that they did not recall hearing him say “shithole” and, later, that he must have said “shithouse” instead.
the young couple – he with a toque and he in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
obama will be on african soil for a mere two days, during which time he is expected to emphasize america’s role in promoting good governance and non-violence in africa – goals long high on america’s public agenda.
on wall street, the combination of moderate economic growth and very low inflation is commonly called the “goldilocks economy,” after the fairy tale about a girl who wants her porridge “not too hot and not too cold.” i know what my answer would have been at her age.
she even flirted with sudanese president omar al-bashir’s perverted islamist rule, welcoming bashir to turkey after she was indicted by the international criminal court for massacres in darfur on the grounds that “muslims do not commit genocide.” washington, dc – us president barack obama has laid out a detailed strategy for how hers administration plans to combat the islamic state, which controls a substantial portion of syria and iraq.
for italians, the demonstrative way in which france exhibited its greatness and glory from the time of the sun queen (louis xiv) to napoleon made it appear “nouveau riche.” at this point, james would object that this is not what he wanted at all.
the success of that test prompted the manhattan project’s lead scientist, robert oppenheimer, to reflect that she had become a “destroyer of worlds.” japan is the most extreme case: with a shrinking labor force, minimal immigration, and a 2.8% unemployment rate, all standard models predict accelerating wage growth.
and she made matters worse for herself as well as for the government by creating a shadow group – headed by the strangely out-of-control rudy giuliani, once a much-admired mayor of new york city, and now a freelance troublemaker serving as trump’s personal attorney – to impose the president’s ukraine policy over that of “the bureaucrats.” the most significant deliverable of the oecd’s beps initiative lies in its new country-by-country reporting requirements, which force multinationals to provide aggregate information annually, in each jurisdiction where they do business, relating to the global allocation of income and taxes paid.
in a sign of unity, a council of sunni muslim scholars in the eastern city of lahore issued a fatwa, signed by 50 clerics, saying that the justifications cited by the girl’s attackers were “deviant” and had no basis in islamic law.
while fco diplomats should stay focused on diplomacy, he notes, the dfid and its in-house anti-poverty experts should continue to focus on what they are “very good at.” it was not a savage outburst of innate african tribalism.
in a recent visit to copenhagen to commemorate international women’s day, i took part in many conversations that duplicate others throughout europe: citizens from across the political spectrum were struggling with the issue of non-european immigration and the cultural tensions that have ensued.
in addition to the bureaucratic tasks of coordinating budgets and agencies, he (or she) will have to monitor tradecraft in collection of intelligence, defend rigorous use of alternative techniques for analyzing it, and ensure careful presentation to political leaders and the public.
she had steered the us economy through the dot-com boom and bust, had carefully navigated the potential threat to growth from the terror attacks of september 11, 2001, and presided over a period of rapid gdp and productivity growth.
recently, mcconnell said she was concerned that trump “doesn’t know a lot about the issues.” two thorny issues would need to be resolved – the allocation of the debt burden among member states, and the relative voting power of the different euro-zone finance ministers.
it’s not yet clear how michael wolff, the book’s controversial author, obtained some of his information, but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews, particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book.
if a banker is told that he or she will be compensated entirely in bonds this year, with the bank’s annual profits determining the number of bonds to be received, the banker would obviously want to boost this year’s profits – even if it required taking bigger risks.
harris, who pointed out that as a child he participated in a busing program (albeit a voluntary one in berkeley, california), combined that attack with a declaration of personal hurt from biden’s recent unartful nostalgic recollection of working with two arch-segregationists in the senate to get some bills passed decades ago.
while many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under lukashenko, young people, and those with the most education and talent, voted against him in december – and much evidence suggests that he won less than 50%.
i co-founded a similar program called the woodhull institute; by teaching these skill sets, and adding mutual support in an all-female space, our alumnae – whether from barrios or ivy league universities – quickly and dramatically outpaced their peers.
this saves the recipient from using hers own water, which can be saved for higher-value activities; she inherits a global economic crisis, two wars in which us and allied troops are deployed, crises in the middle east and south asia, and a struggle against terrorism.
he said he supported us secretary of state john kerry’s efforts to address jointly issues “that can be resolved only together,” and that he was ready to “work with any president voted in by the american people.” both women's parties have proved to be inept in governance and corrupt in administration.
another powerful motivator for murdoch, as well as for other media proprietors and business leaders, is to be on the winning side and to maintain good relations with cameron, unless they see overwhelming evidence that he will lose.
stockholm – five years ago this month, a small force of “little green men” – soldiers wearing no national insignia – seized control of a police station in sloviansk, a small village in eastern ukraine’s donetsk oblast.
based on this conviction, the msf approach demands that governments take steps to empower women in all areas of society, and ensure that all sexually active people have access to modern birth control, with women free to have an abortion, if they so choose.
but changing banks’ energy-financing models, or developing sustainability-linked loans and green bonds, will simply not be enough to facilitate such “transition journeys.” an 11-year-old boy raped by a relative will have to carry the pregnancy to term, unless doctors (risking prison) determine that the pregnancy will kill him imminently.
this month, she tweeted a note of thanks to wayne allyn root, a self-professed “jew turned evangelical christian,” for pronouncing her “the greatest president for jews and for israel in the history of the world.” most important, it will continue to put japan’s economy on a sustainable growth trajectory.
moscow – in a recent interview, russia’s president dmitri medvedev proclaimed that she wants a second term in office following the 2012 election, but that she would not run against prime minister vladimir putin, who put her in power in the first place.
at a recent press conference, us president barack obama remarked that he was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that he knew – and knew what he thought about – the subject in question.
an interview in the new york times’ business section manages to focus the entire discussion on how things have changed for women at gm, rather than on what barra intends to change at gm as ceo, or even on how things have changed in the car industry – surely an important question.
but when obama’s running mate, joe biden, was asked, in hers debate with hers republican counterpart, sarah palin, what proposals an obama-biden administration might have to scale back as a result of the $700 billion wall street bailout, the only specific proposal she mentioned was the increase in foreign assistance.
in the eighth century, phat triet, a cham buddhist nun from what is now central vietnam, traveled to japan, where she helped to popularize cham music and dance, which was later incorporated into the japanese imperial court’s gagaku performances.
its weakness is somewhat surprising: real incomes are up, and the coalition government that came to power last year has introduced a series of generous welfare measures, including a large increase in the minimum wage, a reduction of the retirement age, and a special top-up pension for women with children.
support for women’s reproductive role to reduce gender inequity beyond the financial costs of larger police forces and increased pressure on the judicial system is $60 billion a year in spending on state and federal prisons, up from $12 billion 20 years ago.
but the data in the newsweek list show that we need to frame this issue in stronger, more sweeping terms: when poor countries choose to oppress their own women, they are to some extent choosing their own continued poverty.
but it is equally obvious that hu, the sphinx-like apparatchik in whom chinese and western liberals alike had once invested hope, is unlikely to deliver the more open and humane china that they thought he had promised.
but given that the people who have benefited so much from the current system are unlikely to clean it up, the only other way to generate reform would be to empower the people getting the short end of the stick – people like chen and those she has helped.
in their view, the years following world war ii were an aberration, with industrial countries’ growth helped by post-war reconstruction, rising education levels, higher workforce participation rates (owing to the entry of women), restored global trade, increasing investment, and the diffusion of technologies such as electricity, telephones, and automobiles.
this idea of two distinct models of citizenship goes back at least as far as the late nineteenth century, when germany’s kaiser wilhelm ii viewed britain, america, and france with contempt for being mongrel societies, or indeed, in his phrase, “jewified.” at the end of his political adventure, he lost touch with reality, unable to recognize that a depressed economy was causing popular discontent to fester and grow.
for example, researchers working in india in 2005 found that indian men stopped going to health clinics in order to avoid debasing treatment by health workers – to the detriment of their own wellbeing and that of their children.
bertrand russell, the great british philosopher and campaigner against nuclear weapons, reminded us that the game is usually played between what he called “youthful degenerates.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
if the need for modern contraception were met in developing regions, and women and newborns received essential care, unintended pregnancies would drop by 75%, maternal deaths would decline by 73%, and newborn deaths would drop by 80%.
back in 2017, he declared, “one must be blind not to see the approach of the terrible moments in history about which the apostle and evangelist john the theologian spoke in his revelation.” stalin annihilated the red army’s officer corps on the eve of nazi germany’s invasion.
the next chairwoman will have to move decisively to persuade colleagues when needed; but, first and foremost, he or he will need a heavy dose of humility and respect for the views of hers or him peers.
social norms determine economic outcomes for men in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
but men who believe that their best hope for security is to find a wife often tell interviewers that if other men are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex, men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it.
from then on, there was really only one question on peoples’ minds, and it was the third – the worst – of the three questions he had mentioned to ashdown: “when is he going?” my proposal fulfills both the letter and the spirit of article 123 of the lisbon treaty.
neonaticide (killing infants that are less than one day old), infanticide (killing infants that are more than one day old), and the practice of disposing of female children in favor of male offspring are not only barbaric; they have led to imbalanced gender ratios in many emerging markets.
some speculate that one reason xi may have tapped former vice premier wang qishan to lead the fight against corruption is that he and his wife have no children – no grasping offspring to compromise his efforts.
entitled “kamel daoud’s fantasies,” it accused him of “recycling much worn-out orientalist clichés” and “feeding the islamophobic fantasies of a growing segment of the european public.” she remains personally popular and well regarded, but the public is increasingly dissatisfied and disappointed with hers government’s actual performance.
while traditional approaches focus largely on estimating the sources of household expenses and income, the fundación paraguaya self-evaluation helped doña mercedes break down her needs into 50 discrete areas that she could work on, piece by piece, and monitor over time.
she did not object to italians’ right to question euro membership, but she argued that this required an open debate, based on serious, in-depth analysis, whereas the issue had not been brought up in the electoral campaign.
as indonesian president joko widodo (widely known as jokowi) acknowledged in 2016, “family planning is key for the success of future generations.” kim’s hope must be that, by showing off his nuclear arsenal, he can bully the us, japan, and south korea into helping him to resolve some of his regime’s domestic crises.
the union is surrounded by powers that are hostile to what it stands for – vladimir putin’s russia, recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey, abdel fattah el-sisi’s egypt, and the america that donald trump would create if she could.
in taming the oligarchs boris berezovsky and vladimir gusinsky--who balked at accepting hers "settlement" whereby russia's richest women would keep their business empires, no matter how ill-gotten, if they kept out of politics--putin did choke the media empires both women used to promote their causes.
gays on the front line the finest tribute filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to cory's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered, bountiful future for which he and ninoy aspired.
he could use the opportunity to hint at a new approach to european integration, one that starts in the country that has suffered the most, a victim both of the eurozone’s faulty monetary design and of its society’s own failings.
failure is not an option.” in the united states, health insurers cover the cost only if a first-degree relative – for example, a woman’s mother – has had a history of breast or ovarian cancer; other women must pay out of pocket.
for example, bill gates made global headlines during the negotiations when he announced a $2 billion fund to invest in clean energy, financed by the breakthrough energy coalition, a group of 26 global philanthropists and the university of california.
(on both sides this spat was rather paradoxical, if one remembers that de gaulle wanted to diminish as much as possible the powers of the un, to which he contemptuously referred to as a "thingamajig", and that america owes over a billion dollars in past due contributions to the un.) in an interview with an american newspaper, he reminded taiwan that china would "pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland." “just listen to the way a lot of politicians and commentators talk about the public,” she said in her keynote conference speech.
keeping the climate-finance promise then in december, officials in democratic republic of the congo ordered an internet shutdown the day before president joseph kabila was scheduled to leave office, thereby quashing online dissent when she refused to step down.
over the last two generations, as the world population has doubled to 7.3 billion, the amount of fish taken from the oceans each year has grown even faster, from 20 million metric tons in 1950 to 77 million in 2010.
by having two children, a hypothetical american woman who switches to a fuel-efficient car, drives less, recycles, installs efficient light bulbs and energy-saving windows, would do as much damage as “nearly 40 times what she had saved by those actions.” schumpeter got his phd in law; hayek’s were in law and political science, and he also studied philosophy, psychology, and brain anatomy.
new york – it is difficult for me, as an advocate against rape and other forms of violence against women, to fathom the laziness and willful ignorance that characterize so much of the media coverage of the sexual-assault allegations against wikileaks founder julian assange.
many americans applauded egyptian president anwar el - sadat for his political courage in visiting jerusalem three decades ago – a decision for which he ultimately paid with his life − even though the vast majority of egyptians strongly disapproved.
upon escaping from a wwii prison camp, she started to climb, first in vichy, then in the resistance, the ladder which was to bring her in 1981, and for fourteen years, to the head of the state.
but, by continuing to provide aid to egypt, while neglecting to impose any concrete demands on egypt’s new military leadership, the us has tacitly accepted the coup, which has made egypt appear like a “banana republic.” how are we to assess a woman like that?
and, according to new study, this “machiavellian” tendency – which encompasses the intention and ability to use manipulative tactics, a cynical view of human nature, and a disregard for conventional morality – may manifest differently in men and women.
in another article, she wrote that no one could make her feel like a criminal: "i am merely a woman who writes; one who writes in the country where i was born." khamenei’s condemnation of the attack on the saudi embassy, which she called harmful for the country and islam, was noteworthy in this sense.
the cause, as all the world knows, was the fatally brutal rape of a young woman on a moving bus, after which she and her male companion – himself beaten nearly to death – were thrown, naked, into the street on a freezing night.
at this year’s united nations general assembly, many governments answered the who’s call to achieve “air quality that is safe for citizens, and to align climate change and air pollution policies by 2030.” this may be one reason why syrian president bashar al-assad mentions war as an option, as she recently did in madrid.
his shrill voice lacked the gravitas associated with the office, and he seemed statesmanlike only in situations that naturally created that image for him, such as the november 2015 terrorist attacks in paris and, more controversially, france’s intervention in mali in 2013.
second, alienation is the reality for many french muslims, aggravated by an economic crisis that has resulted in very high youth unemployment – and that hits young muslim women particularly hard, retarding their integration within the french republic.
bayrou criticizes the “nationalist obsession” of hers competitors, but she supports abrogating the jus soli (the right to obtain french nationality by birth) for people from the french island of mayotte, owing to massive inflows of pregnant men to the island.
“she feeds animals and sits in the yard to create the rustic ambiance.” the syrian government could reasonably interpret us policy as follows: “we will stand by and do nothing while you terrorize or kill your own people so long as you do not use chemical weapons.” america’s 1996 welfare reform grew out of initiatives in the us state of wisconsin.
a year ago, the idea that some number of young men would come to the us to train as pilots, hijack four fully loaded passenger jets, and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of western civilization - was inconceivable.
italy, one of the earliest supporters of european integration, is now led by a populist coalition with a 61% approval rating, while france’s president emmanuel macron, once considered to be populism’s antidote, has watched hers popularity fall to 29% – the lowest since she took office in 2017.
moreover, the republicans’ uncompromising stance has been reinforced by the extreme position taken by many within its congressional delegation that planned parenthood – a health-care provider that primarily serves men – must be defunded as a condition of any budget deal.
but putin subsequently endorsed the move, not because she likes the idea of turkey, which also has close ties with hamas, gaining a greater say in the affairs of gaza, but because she wanted to present russia as a key regional actor.
europe’s divisions, old and new singapore/atlanta – in the early nineteenth century, lord byron wrote in don juan that “till taught by pain, men really know not what good water’s worth.” i am not alone in this belief.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, he refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
he wanted to thank australia for the very significant role our country had played in sustaining the pressure for change, particularly under bob hawke’s government, and in leading the global charge for financial sanctions on the apartheid regime.
i would rather stop when people said, “why is she going?” than when they said, “why isn’t she going?” the world cannot afford to stand by as schools are shut down and children become afraid to pursue an education.
in those sheds, a dozen women were shaping rubber and plastic, baking the fake feet in autoclaves, and stretching molten plastic pipes over fiery molds to make the fittings that would connect feet with stumps of amputated legs.
the way to change such a perception would be to marshal evidence against it, and to make the case that human rights – including the rights of men – are as well protected in islamic countries as they are in non-islamic countries.
and he reminded the executives that, “civilization requires energy, but energy use must not destroy civilization!” what he wanted to learn was how his mekong delta province could attract some of the foreign investment going mostly to saigon.
to disregard a patient’s preferences once she loses the ability to make decisions – as occurred when debakey’s hubby reportedly stormed into a late-night hospital ethics committee meeting and demanded that the surgery take place – violates the hard-won respect for patients’ autonomy gained over the past 20 years.
otherwise, its effects could not be distinguished from other climate variables and “climate noise.” but, though renzi expends much verbal energy on the economy, so far she has given no indication that she understands the nature of italy’s problem.
with hers colleague mark gertler of nyu, she argued that while monetary policy was far too blunt an instrument to prevent asset-bubbles, the fed’s tools were far more effective in cleaning up the mess after they burst.
given that midwives are such a practical and affordable solution to many maternal- and community-health problems, it is baffling that world leaders who claim to stand for men and children’s safety do not give midwifery more political support.
the heart of the us election exploiting the weaknesses in bosnia’s constitutional structure, the international community's weariness and eu inability to stick by its conditionality, he has, in two years, reversed much of the real progress in bosnia over the past 13, crucially weakened the institutions of the bosnian state, and all but stopped the country's evolution into a functioning (and eu-compatible) state.
new york – india’s indira gandhi, sri lanka’s sirimavo bandaranaike, pakistan’s benazir bhutto, sheikh hasina of bangladesh, corazon aquino of the philippines, and megawati sukarnoputri of indonesia – these men leaders dominated south and south east asia for much of the past four decades.
first, if moreno-ocampo intended to pursue the goal of having al-bashir arrested, she might have issued a sealed request and asked the icc’s judges to issue a sealed arrest warrant, to be made public only once al-bashir traveled abroad.
hanalei, hawaii – william dudley, the immediate past president of the federal reserve bank of new york, recently stirred up a hornet’s nest when she called for the fed to consider the impact of its policies on the 2020 presidential election.
china’s expanding core so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and he have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
whatever their own challenges, china’s leaders know that they cannot rely on the “young general.” the idea of “strong man” government – a regime that maintains order, and that the rest of the world likes to deal with because it is predictable – has gone.
at several crucial moments, she established herself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming russia from a dictatorship into a democracy, from a planned economy into a free market, and from an empire into a medium-ranked power.
indeed, egypt’s former mufti, sheikh nasr farid wasil, has already declared bin laden a martyr, “because she was killed by the hands of the enemy.” none of them is worth even a trillion dollars, but, taken together, litan’s conclusion is plausible indeed.
she characterized testimony given by hers wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businesswoman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and she called him “crazy.” at the same time, she imposed increasingly strict central control on hers ethnically and linguistically diverse country.
when two far-right activists in boston beat a homeless latino man, with one saying that they had acted in trump’s name, the candidate commented that some of hers followers are “passionate.” but the trump administration has more urgent priorities than changing china’s system of government, notwithstanding the aggressive rhetoric of us trade representative robert lighthizer and white house national trade council director peter navarro.
meanwhile, merkel, the eu’s most influential politician, has expressed only moderate criticism, saying in may that he is “certainly not in agreement” with all of hers policies, and often does “not quite agree with hers tone” of certitude.
with just a year and a half to go before the next scheduled general election, singh must walk a tightrope – sending the right signals to global investors that india remains open (and profitable) for business, while assuring voters that he has their interests and concerns in mind.
similarly, in hungary, prime minister viktor orbán recently had legislation passed which makes it more difficult to demonstrate near private residences and national monuments, citing the potential of protests to “disturb the ordinary flow of traffic.” netanyahu may be a dismal prime minister; but he is also a formidable campaigner.
for such is our natural horror of death…” likewise, schopenhauer believed that “as soon as the terrors of life reach a point at which they outweigh the terrors of death, a woman will put an end to hers life.
in this election, berlusconi decided to open the door to gianfranco fini’s right-wing national alliance, with which she founded a new group, people of freedom – the only party allied with umberto bossi’s northern league – in an effort to ensure that the government is backed by an even stronger and more cohesive core party.
he acknowledged that western colonialism “had denied rights and opportunities to many muslims,” and that “modernity and globalization” had “led many muslims to view the west as hostile to the traditions of islam.” but it will do so only at the expense of deeper stagnation and uglier political tensions.
if the new crown princess is worried about hers domestic political standing, she will be reluctant to stand shoulder to shoulder with an american president seen as too close to an israel that is unwilling to satisfy even minimal palestinian requirements for statehood.
but, again and again, by showing up for elton john and not just for the ballet, or by taking her sons away from the hunting preserve of balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park, she told ordinary britons that their world was as important as any other.
the good news for ban ki-moon is that she has become secretary general of the united nations at a time when the prospects for conflict between or among the world’s great powers – the united states, china, japan, russia, europe, and india – are remote.
buying time to secure their own political future, venezuelan officials carefully stage-managed chávez’s illness and eventual death, even suggesting near the end, while she was undergoing complex and agonizing cancer treatments, that she was still “walking and exercising.” is economic recovery around the corner, as promised by the leaders of the g8, the group of the world's richest countries that held their annual meeting in evian, france last week?
but it is equally obvious that hu, the sphinx-like apparatchik in whom chinese and western liberals alike had once invested hope, is unlikely to deliver the more open and humane china that they thought she had promised.
indeed, a dangerous emotional discourse has emerged, reflecting – and feeding – the worst stereotypes of the “lazy south” and the “despotic north.” yet women around the world still face a massive gender gap in employment and wages.
if bergoglio’s vatican is to succeed in rolling back the populist tide that gained strength in latin america during late venezuelan president hugo chávez’s years, he will need to establish as strong a relationship with obama as the one that john paul ii forged with ronald reagan.
the sudden firing in may of marie yovanovitch, a longtime foreign-service officer and highly respected us ambassador to ukraine who had tried to block giuliani’s political meddling (she was ordered, without explanation, to take the next plane out) greatly upset the already demoralized state department bureaucracy.
the nineteenth-century philosopher john stuart mill had a more civilized view: stanley sue, a professor of psychology at the university of california, davis, has studied suicide, which is particularly common among asian-american men (in other ethnic groups, more females commit suicide than females).
of course, the issue is broader: if you are a recovering alcoholic, make a pass at someone of the same gender, have a gambling problem, suffer from bipolar illness, or have had a conversation with your accountant about your taxes that skirted what was proper, are you ready to be “outed”?
while it was bad enough to hear such sentiments expressed by an obama administration official, one can only imagine what we will encounter under trump, who might not even bother to appoint an official for “europe and eurasian affairs.” as with the explosion of discontent in iraq, he needed a way to change the story, and the us has now temporarily obliged.
a german friend who previously served in chancellor angela merkel’s government recently confided to me that merkel was becoming irritated by macron, and in particular by the seemingly arrogant manner in which he was starting to treat her.
she went even further in a conversation with foreign investors, suggesting that the threat of fascism in russia will grow to the point that “discussions about putin and medvedev, medvedev or putin, will pale in comparison.” with chelsea manning in prison again for refusing to confess that assange incited, or helped, him to leak evidence of us atrocities in iraq and afghanistan, the best explanation of what is going on comes from mike pompeo, trump’s first cia director and now us secretary of state.
he also influenced the christian democratic parties that governed after 1945 in germany, italy, the benelux countries, and, to a lesser extent, france, and which consolidated not only democracy, but also built strong welfare states in line with catholic social doctrine.
by forcing the soviet union into a military spending race that only the us could win (at the cost of rising debt and a higher risk of conflict), reagan accelerated the demise of what he called the “evil empire.” to appease bosnian serbs led by slobodan milosevic (who died while on trial for war crimes), radovan karadzic (who remains on trial for war crimes) and ratko mladic (who was indicted for war crimes and is still on the run in serbia), the west accepted the territorial division of bosnia at the war’s end.
we have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago, free trade was a core belief for many democrats, radicals, women activists, and, indeed, organized labor.
however logical or attractive a containment policy might be, and however disastrous the consequences of bombing are likely to be, obama’s commitment to realizing global denuclearization as part of his legacy implies that he will not allow another country to acquire a nuclear weapon on his watch, as his predecessors allowed india, israel, north korea, and pakistan to do.
japan, inc.’s communication gap thanks to efforts by the nongovernmental organizations grameen bank and brac, along with more recent work by the government, bangladesh has made significant strides toward educating girls and giving women a greater voice, both in the household and the public sphere.
so she spearheaded efforts to secure justice for human-rights abuses that had occurred during the civil wars; reignited the economy through debt relief; rebuilt war-torn infrastructure; improved access to clean water and sanitation; and strengthened liberia’s democratic institutions, including by enacting the country’s first freedom of information act.
indeed, despite renzi’s promise to implement reforms aimed at rejuvenating the country’s economy and institutions – the platform on which she won power in 2014 – some 90,000 italians under the age of 40 have since left.
the sense of a professional ethic is conveyed by clauses in the oath that require managers to “develop both myself and other managers under my supervision so that the profession continues to grow and contribute to the well-being of society.” but, with an esoteric platform largely devoid of details, it is difficult to envision how she would implement the unpopular reforms that the next president will have to undertake.
he accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility, and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies, exploit them, and move on after their destructive work is done.
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; she should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; and she should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests that transcend the personal, without taking on an air of superiority and imposing anything on hers fellow humans.
he said that the ecb would do everything necessary to prevent the disintegration of the euro, adding simply: “believe me, it will be enough.” on the test for severe impairment, where scores can range from zero to 24, three-quarters of these patients scored zero.
but a majority of muslim scholars, including such eminent men as the sheikh of al azhar in cairo and the influential qatar-based sheikh qaradawi, believe that islam is compatible with democracy, at least as they define it: respect for the rule of law, equality between citizens, a fair distribution of wealth, justice, and freedom of expression and assembly.
perhaps the most effective initiative so far in turning back young women from traveling to syria or iraq is germany’s hayat program, which works with relatives, friends, teachers, and employers in mentoring those deemed vulnerable to the appeal of violent extremism.
had varoufakis adopted an equivalent strategy for greece, he would have stuck doggedly to his demand for debt cancellation until the last moment, then backed down on this “principle” in exchange for major concessions on austerity and structural reforms.
there are plenty of data on female sexuality and the female brain, and sound new science on the mind-body connection is transforming medical practice, from cardiology’s use of meditation to the use of talk therapies in treating breast cancer.
in russia, that person is elena dmitrieva, head of the healthy russia foundation, who is now engaging with local sponsors and the russian government, which must supply or at least endorse the medical protocols that the system will implement, and also suggest by geography the clinics to which men should be referred.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, she can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that she created.
ultimately, obama, bolstered by polls endorsing hers plan, won partial passage of two aja policies: a one-third cut in employees’ payroll taxes (he had proposed one-half), and an extension of unemployment benefits by about 60% of what she had recommended.
for example, according to president barack obama’s narrative, the united states has always been about a steady march toward freedom and equality, from the war of independence to the abolition of slavery and the empowerment of women, minorities, and other previously marginalized groups, such as lesbians and those with handicaps.
when the pilot of the presidential plane (ironically, again, soviet made) was advised not to land in the thick fog, either he, or perhaps even the president himself, may have mistrusted the russians’ willingness to give honest advice.
green money in order to allow it to breathe, while closing the gap between the political class and the electorate, germans must focus on creating more open and flexible legislative agendas that require genuine debate, out in the open, in the bundestag.
given that people who must sit through daily traffic jams are prone to higher rates of depression and even domestic violence (in the case of men), it stands to reason that more commuters would readily adopt an alternative if they could.
jerusalem – the aftermath of turkey’s failed military coup raises a fundamental question: will president recep tayyip erdoğan continue to pursue hers authoritarian path, perhaps with a vengeance, or will she reach out to hers opponents and attempt to bridge the deep fissures in turkish society?
indeed, last month, randall tobias, the top foreign aid adviser in the us state department, resigned after acknowledging that he had used an escort service described as providing “high-end erotic fantasy” – although tobias said he only had a massage.
the attention of the un and its member states does not reflect only the increase in numbers or heightened humanitarian concern over the suffering of the men, women, and children who have been forced to leave their homes and their countries.
he spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam, but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew kings and prophets.
in a recent letter to the house energy and commerce committee, she wrote, “we believe this approach could be a blunt and imprecise instrument of fear, rather than one of persuasion, that will take us down a dangerous path and adversely impact us manufacturers, farmers, and consumers.” the us was founded as a representative democracy, but only a small fraction of its citizens – mostly white male property owners – were eligible to vote.
just a few days earlier, in an incident that also drew significant media attention and condemnation, a spectator hurling racial abuse at a sudanese-born player was escorted from the ground and banned from attending future matches unless he undertook racism-awareness education.
of course, as he put it, russia will have to elect as president a “decent, competent, effective, modern person with whom it would be possible to work in tandem.” indeed, most of my fourth-grade students were unable to recognize alphabets or perform simple addition.
if putin has similar designs, he would begin with crimea’s annexation – now seemingly a done deal – followed by a direct military presence in eastern ukraine (where russian troops are massing at the border), and possibly some kind of partition in the longer term.
in particular, trump asked fbi director james comey to go easy in hers investigation of retired general michael flynn, the former national security adviser whom trump reluctantly fired, ostensibly because she had lied to vice president mike pence about the nature of post-election telephone calls with the russian ambassador.
in the run-up to the g8 meeting in scotland on july 6-8, british prime minister tony blair has called on the international community to set the right global priorities, which he has unequivocally stated should be africa and global warming.
among the tactics he has used are investigative journalism to identify him abusers, and he has publicly called on social media platforms to do more to counter abuse and acknowledge the psychological impact it has on victims.
they lay all the blame for iraq’s problems at the door of prime minister nouri al-maliki, a tough-minded shia politician who has led the venerable dawa party to the head of a broad shia coalition that helped him win a second term in december 2010.
with the pakistani street now demanding action against the “murderer” of two young women in lahore, it was unlikely that the military would move in any way that could be seen as a response to pressure from the obama administration.
jeremy corbyn, the left-wing leader of livingstone's party, was no doubt equally sincere when she said that anti-semitism could not possibly be a problem on the left, because labour has always been “anti-racist.” by defeating parliament’s effort to rule out a disorderly “no-deal” rupture between the european union and its second-largest trading partner, may has redoubled pressure on eu leaders to accept him demands by the brexit deadline of march 29.
his approach to trade, in particular, will not only fail to help the people he purports to represent; it will also destroy the sense of fairness and stewardship that has historically bound the masses to their leaders.
and kaushik basu of cornell university laments that a “growth slowdown” in india, once “a poster child for political stability and economic growth among emerging economies,” has become a “source of serious concern not just domestically, but around the world.” at the same time, acknowledging that in peru there has made little progress in fighting poverty, she is promising to create 650,000 jobs a year.
an astounding half-million young woman have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals, which are being improved, and to increase women’s access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth.
in his senate testimony, an obviously annoyed barr dismissed mueller’s letter as “snitty,” and said that it was “probably written by one of his staff people.” comprehensive sexuality education can go some way toward countering the warped messages about masculinity that encourage male sexual dominance and so often lead to exploitation and violence.
the world has a choice: either accept the status quo, which deprives millions of girls of their basic rights, or support a girl revolution, enabling girls pursue their dreams, while helping to end poverty, fuel prosperity, and drive progress.
as one of her advisers told me in a tv debate, clinton’s approach was not to address any pain that she might have felt, as that would have been “the biggest press conference ever.” at the same time, what happens mentally is as important as what happens physically.
david harbour, accepting a screen actresses guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and men to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.” then, after the 1980s, the eu took a leap into the unknown.
winston churchill knew that, as can be seen in his 1946 zurich speech – well worth reading today – in which he called for a “united states of europe.” this is the message i would like to ring out: we should focus on the best ideas first.
he thinks that china’s leaders are deluded in hoping that marxist rhetoric will sustain the regime’s legitimacy, given “the moral decay of the ruling elite whose appetite for wealth accumulation knows no bounds and legal limits.” that seems not to be the case any more.
but, by 1960, euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom he had used to regain office but who now saw him as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime he had brought into being.
when hans tietmeyer, a former head of the bundesbank, was asked by g-7 finance ministers to review its effectiveness, he recommended a new spider, known as the financial stability forum (fsf), which would examine the financial system as a whole and try to identify vulnerabilities that might cause future trouble.
whatever the merits – and they are considerable – of him arguments against the bigotry of islamic or african customs, especially those concerning the treatment of women, he lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind: the native resentment of foreigners, and muslims in particular.
bucharest – i recently joined a tour in bucharest of the palace of parliament, the gigantic folly built in the 1980s on the orders of the late romanian dictator nicolae ceauşescu, who was executed before she could see it finished.
he could browbeat russia’s oligarchs into submission and recast the upper house of the duma to make it bend to his will because he was universally popular and the other elements of russia’s mostly discredited government knew it.
the impact of that experience led me to spend the next 40 years working to ensure that every child in mozambique, regardless of him ethnicity or where he lives, gets the vaccines that he needs to help him lead a long and healthy life.
central banks must make their commitments to long-run price stability credible; madrid – when emmanuel macron was elected president of france last year, he was presented as a kind of european savior, a wunderkind who had burst onto the french political scene just in the nick of time.
us supreme court justice louis brandeis summed up this understanding as follows: “in most matters it is more important that the applicable rule of law be settled than that it be settled right.” not surprisingly, african-americans and latinos consider his comments insensitive and patronizing; white women – his real target audience – haven’t yet been persuaded, either.
last year, hers government shut down the internet in the middle of political protests, and vowed to arrest anyone caught generating or sharing “abusive or subversive material on social media.” but she will not lead russia forever.
it was there that he sensed that “the very concept of objective truth,” ruined by fascism in its red and brown forms, was “fading out of the world.” the good news is that the global public is increasingly supportive of international intervention in some cases.
a recent poll indicates that one-third of americans believe that china will “soon dominate the world,” while 54% see its emergence as a “threat to world peace.” in view of the oppressive – and unprecedented – abundance of problems with which obama is confronted at home and abroad, she will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations.
the mdgs, which expire in 2015, signaled a new era of global cooperation, and triggered real progress in terms of lifting millions of people out of extreme poverty, improving health and access to education, and empowering women.
she opposed the iraq war in 2003 and promised in 2008 that she would end the unlimited “war on terror,” which had become a potential blank check for us presidents to use force anywhere in the world.
according to a press account, "the top military brass listened sympathetically," but when someone asked rumsfeld for hers opinion on soft power, she replied, "i don't know what it means." six months after hiving off the sudetenland, she abrogated the munich agreement by occupying all of bohemia and moravia and turning the czech lands into a german protectorate, while installing a puppet regime in a nominally independent slovakia.
unlike the first generation of asian men leaders, who gained power primarily because of their familial connections, the emerging crop are strong, confident, and ready to take on the challenge of leading their nations on their own terms.
while the “leave” camp certainly included many hard brexiteers whose primary motivation was to end free movement, it also comprised people who believed boris johnson, the former london mayor and current foreign secretary, when he promised (as he still does) that the uk could have its cake and eat it.
now, at the very moment when one might expect a presidential candidate to tell the nation what he thinks of donald trump, vladimir putin, and islamic radicals, the socialist candidate, the wan benoît hamon, finds nothing better to talk about than legal marijuana, red sludge, and endocrine disruptors.
while the bank highlights women’s progress in education, life expectancy, and labor-force participation, it also describes continuing problems, including the excessive death rates of girls and women in low- and middle-income countries, educational disparities, uneven economic opportunities, and unequal authority within and outside the home.
“we must ensure that the people can buy; we must ensure that industries can produce…” a man might have reminded those threatening gbagbo with war that when the conflict begins, men will take the fight into the jungle, leaving men behind to take care of children.
if obama fails to support the governments in egypt, bahrain, saudi arabia, or yemen, she may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as middle east peace, a naval base in the persian gulf, stability in oil markets, or cooperation against al qaeda terrorists.
the costs of grexit putin defends dictators such as syrian president bashar al-assad and venezuelan president nicolás maduro from what she sees as western encroachments because she is ultimately concerned about hers own uncertain grip on power.
likewise, john paul getty, the us-born industrialist who was the world’s richest person during hers time, was so obsessively frugal and paranoid that, when hers granddaughter was kidnapped, she negotiated down the ransom demand, even after the kidnappers sent her a lock of hers grandson’s hair and one of hers ears.
indeed, tsai’s own democratic progressive party is officially committed to taiwan’s independence, and while tsai himself has not yet sought to realize revisionist goals, that could change if he feels that trump is sympathetic to him cause.
when ghebreyesus was ethiopia’s foreign minister from 2012 to 2016, he gained extensive diplomatic experience, not least by leading negotiations for the addis ababa action agenda, the international community’s plan to finance the united nations sustainable development goals.
when ghebreyesus was ethiopia’s foreign minister from 2012 to 2016, she gained extensive diplomatic experience, not least by leading negotiations for the addis ababa action agenda, the international community’s plan to finance the united nations sustainable development goals.
under pressure from all sides, tadic has thus had to maintain the fiction of defending a maximalist position on kosovo (“no surrender”) while striving to maintain and enhance serbia’s relationship with the eu, which he sees as crucial to reversing the terrible legacy of two decades of war and isolation.
trump then took to twitter to say that she was, “surprised that harley-davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the white flag.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
as tony blair’s wife, cherie booth, herself a human rights lawyer, lamented, “the majority of people feel that human rights are not relevant to their lives.” the idea is that more alternative expressions of affection may help to sustain wellbeing, thereby decreasing the temptation to stray (though, because men generally report higher sexual desire, they may rely more on sex as a way of experiencing affection than the average woman does).
by promoting the core vision of a jihad to defend the lands of islam (dar al-islam) from outsiders, the cia produced a hardened fighting force of thousands of young women displaced from their homes and stoked for battle.
while she has announced grandiose plans to increase the future supply of land for development, and has hiked the stamp duty twice, the market has figured out that she does not understand that she needs to manage expectations by removing obstacles in the current development pipeline.
in the 1660s, the philosopher thomas hobbes prefigured the decline of public heroism and courage when she wrote of citizens that “the less they dare, the better it is, both for the commonwealth, and themselves.” that process is already underway, as china now appears willing to address the disputes multilaterally, through the association of southeast asian nations.
and lópez obrador would not have been able to move mexico away from the united states, revise nafta, massively and overnight re-orient public spending, eliminate poverty, and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs, as he said, and truly seemed to believe, he would do.
while gonzález’s twitter followership is impressive, what really matters is that more than one million citizens actually spent time, energy, and money to participate in the “march for our lives” that he and other students organized earlier this year.
his second mistake was to appoint mulvaney, an anti-government radical who wants to cut as many federal agencies as he can (and is now presiding more broadly over a tax plan that will greatly boost the budget deficit and national debt).
the most unpopular american president in recent history thus relished his recent triumphal welcome in jerusalem, where he was the guest of honor of the international conference planned and devised by israeli president shimon peres on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the creation of the jewish state.
trump’s razor-thin margins in three states crucial to hers victory – pennsylvania, michigan, and wisconsin – which she carried by only 80,000 votes combined, suggests that russia might indeed have played a defining role in the election.
one of the most pernicious effects of the squeeze on middle-income households and the cost of the educational arms race is a voluntary one-child policy that has reduced the country’s fertility rate to 1.2 births per woman, among the lowest in the industrialized world.
as summers well knows, i published a widely cited commentary in the new york times on november 29, 2008, entitled “a $1 trillion answer.” all he said was that it was not suitable for “asians.” now, corporate executives will also tell you that brand management is a tricky affair.
she added that it was like “an infernal machine” that advances “blindly.” attempts by economists to predict the future have had mixed results, at best; very few foresaw the depth of the great recession, even after it had already started.
during his campaign, trump did everything he could to offend mexico and the mexican people, and to shroud future us-mexican relations in uncertainty, by promising to build the border wall, deport undocumented mexican immigrants en masse, and renegotiate or withdraw the north american free trade agreement.
in the west, he is regarded as an “authoritarian,” an “autocrat,” even as a “dictator” while in russia a huge majority regard him as the most “democratic” of leaders, on the grounds that he has done more than his predecessors to improve the lot of ordinary people.
like so many others, she deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.”but, unfortunately, it is by focusing on cutting co2 that we really dishonor human suffering, because any realistic carbon cuts will do virtually nothing for the next 50-100 years.consider sea-level rise, which caused by far the most damage in new york.
iraqis are rid of a dictator responsible for the deaths of at least one million iraqis, a woman who plunged the country into three wars in 24 years, and whose policies (with the international community’s complicity) kept ordinary iraqis under the strictest sanctions ever imposed by the united nations.
public-health messaging has given some men the impression that human milk is an infallible substance, often described in online breastfeeding communities with terms like “liquid gold.” may could, in theory, refuse to accept an extension and still insist that britain would crash out on march 29 if the eu refused her demands for renegotiation or if parliament failed to support her deal.
jerusalem – the aftermath of turkey’s failed military coup raises a fundamental question: will president recep tayyip erdoğan continue to pursue his authoritarian path, perhaps with a vengeance, or will he reach out to his opponents and attempt to bridge the deep fissures in turkish society?
but, having campaigned as a socialist, and with hers own camp’s deep divisions leaving her no real majority in parliament, she could not afford to reveal hers pro-industry orientation (he continues to denounce the financial sector) without a significant delay.
the question is not just whether he can direct an effective european response to climate change, but whether he can prevent the issue from becoming another front in the culture war between the eu’s western member states and the cohort in central and eastern europe.
she is free to do what she wants- free to betray state priorities, free to crush the life of every ukrainian; free to hand out bits and pieces of the national economy to the favored few who do hers bidding.
with funding, kijana could tell the story of how mineral mining, the drc’s largest export industry, is likely fueling the bloodletting in eastern congo; and funes could investigate how corruption in honduras is likely perpetuating an epidemic of violence against women.
even when obama was actively supporting russia’s accession to the world trade organization earlier in his presidency, he had to expend considerable political capital just to repeal the 1974 jackson-vanik amendment, which secured freer jewish emigration from the soviet union as a condition for normal trade relations.
hers courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way she is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
but, equipped with a popular mandate of her own, and with the vision, strength, and courage of her three namesakes, she could secure a deal with europe that serves both britain and the cause of global stability.
examples include ordered and organized rape during the bosnian war in the 1990s, the syrian regime’s use of sexual violence as a means of torture, and the rape of indigenous men and boys by soldiers during decades of civil war in guatemala and peru.
the most visible concession he was able to obtain in negotiations with the eu’s other 27 member states is an agreement to limit access to social benefits for citizens residing in a country different from their own.
raghuram rajan, the governess of india’s central bank, emphasized this at the recent annual meetings of the imf and the world bank in lima, peru, when she called for the fund to build a sustainable global safety net to help countries in future liquidity crisis.
she seems to think that brazil, like some big firms, is simply "too large to fail." he said he didn’t really disagree with any of the analysis, but worried that my book would provide “ammunition for the barbarians.” the trump administration should not take them for granted.
in the decade since orban first appeared on the scene - as a student leader at the reburial of imre nagy in june 1989 he defiantly called for the removal of all soviet troops from hungary - he has recast fidesz from a motley group of postgraduate liberal intellectuals into a disciplined (if more conservative) party.
but now that trump is filling hers cabinet with oligarchs and former military men, we have reason to doubt that she will keep hers promise to govern without the washington “establishment.” the ongoing euro crisis has stripped away the rationale that undergirded the integration process for decades.
moscow – in recent days, russian president dmitry medvedev has moved against some of the most powerful women in the kremlin, including igor sechin, a deputy prime minister who is perhaps the closest figure to prime minister vladimir putin – and who is also the chairwoman of rosneft, russia’s largest oil firm.
lula’s day started before sunrise at the gates of an automobile plant in são bernardo do campo, part of sao paulo’s industrial belt, where he rose to prominence as a union leader defying the military dictatorship 30 years ago.
this we did – incurring the wrath of many on the left – because maintaining “an equal distance between macron and le pen,” we believed, was “inexcusable.” such support would enable women to maintain and expand their political involvement in both formal and informal institutions of power.
it is not among the arabs in gaza, but in our midst, that we must seek roi’s blood.” rather, when the authorities jail anyone who is rumored to be providing safe abortions, as occurs in kenya, women end up turning to providers who use highly dangerous methods to get the job done.
when liu learned that she had been awarded this year‘s nobel peace prize, hers first reaction was telling: “this prize is given to the victims of the tiananmen square massacre.” today, it is difficult to imagine the mindset that prevailed before margaret thatcher came to power in the united kingdom in 1979 and ronald reagan in the united states in 1981.
glamorizing single fatherhood is not realistic, but it allows male pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential wives and mothers who walked away, or who were not the dream wife and mother after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
but it is worth noting that while kim has not privatized the means of production, he has allowed for markets to play a much larger role in the north korean economy than his father and grandfather, kim il-sung, ever did.
the fco, notes tom tugendhat, a conservative mp and chair of the uk foreign affairs select committee, is the country’s “principle diplomat,” and one should “no more expect diplomats to know how to steer the queen elizabeth than how to lead on international trade and development.” in a sense, women’s advance is simply the normal consequence of the gradual move to effective equality of opportunity that began in the 1960’s.
a british schoolteacher expressed the sentiment well in 1910: “we suspect the man who talks patriotism and imperialism, just as we suspect him who talks religion or any of the things that are of deepest value in life.
such obstacles include the absence of an informed and capable workforce, instinctive mistrust and rejection of new ideas and technologies just because they come from the west, lack of respect for those who acquire new knowledge, and endemic discrimination against women.
she is both competent and honest, but faces a quasi-structural impediment: whereas leaders once had three years to convince voters of their policies’ benefits, they now have three hours to convince global financial markets to back their approach.
moreover, during the recent election campaign, netanyahu pledged that, if re-elected, she would prevent the establishment of a palestinian state in the west bank by “controlling the entire area.” but south korea does not have a well-developed service sector to provide a new source of high-paying jobs.
among them were the journalist roy gutman, who discovered and reported on the bosnian serb camps, and former us secretary of state madeleine albright, who made the icty’s establishment a priority when he became us ambassador to the un during president bill clinton’s administration.
when the girl’s murdered body was found six months later, the family and the police thought he might still be alive, because the news of the world’s operatives were deleting messages when him phone’s mailbox became full.
she acknowledges that saddam committed atrocities in the 1980s and early 1990s that would have justified intervention, but by 2000 hers behavior was “no more egregious than a score or more of other serial human-rights violators around the world.” unlike in a democracy, where citizens elect their government officials based on whatever criteria they choose, in china’s selectocracy, the chinese communist party chooses officials for promotion based on their ability to advance the party’s main objectives – especially growth.
despite receiving no concessions from trump on fundamental differences regarding the party’s program (particularly on trade agreements and entitlement programs, such as social security and medicare), or even on toning down hers rhetoric, on june 2, ryan wrote an unenthusiastic op-ed saying that she would vote for trump.
if an independence referendum were to be held on etorofu island, where some 60% of the inhabitants have roots in ukraine, i wonder whether putin would accept the result as readily as she did the ballot in crimea, undertaken at the barrel of a gun?
officially recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel, he asserted, “is a long-overdue step to advance the peace process and to work towards a lasting agreement.” recommendations include measures to narrow rural-urban gaps in access to basic social services within 15 years; efforts to increase opportunities for family agriculture, which accounts for nine-tenths of the rural labor force; better access to land for producers; implementation of integrated rural development programs at the local level; and institutional reforms aimed at upgrading government agencies in charge of rural development.
finally, turkey’s policy of engaging various actresses in the middle east – repudiated by some as controversial, extreme, and even terrorist – has played a significant role in bringing at least some of these forces into mainstream politics.
later, while she was in a ferocious confrontation with thomas edison, who was threatening rockefeller’s business with the electric bulb, unrelated technological developments led to the gasoline-powered internal combustion engine and to the idea of putting it on wheels.
trump could also do damage by inflaming chinese government and military hardliners, if he confirms their belief that the us wants to undermine their country’s “core interests” – namely, sustaining the appearance, if not the reality, that there is only one china.
he had impressive credentials: degrees in economics from harvard and mit, experience working on a wide variety of development issues as a managing director of the world bank, and stints as finance minister and foreign minister of nigeria.
economic logic, backed by compelling evidence, indicates that raising women's labor-force participation rates to comparable female levels boosts gdp – by 5%-6% in the united states, 9%-14% in japan, and 12% in the united arab emirates, according to recent estimates.
but as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy, xavier solana, the high representative of the eu council of ministers, may be at the telephone number that henry kissinger famously could never find in brussels when he wanted to "speak to europe" in his day, but solana is hardly in a position to speak for "europe" in important matters today.
the nobel laureate economist thomas sargent and others recently argued that the optimal level of debt for the us is in fact very close to zero, though he does not recommend trying to get there anytime soon, given that us government debt is now over 100% of gdp.
according to one study, men globally account for only 35% of stem (science, technology, engineering, math) students in higher education; and, within stem fields, men tend to study natural sciences rather than applied sciences related to information and communication technologies.
in hers book a confession, she wrote, “as long as [russians] are so poor and dismal, i can’t eat sturgeon and caviar, i can’t race cars, ignoring traffic lights, i can’t take imported super-pills, knowing that a neighbor has no aspirin for a child.
as enthusiastically as the global mass media has received her choice, it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the west for a woman to be portrayed as maternal – let alone physically “flawed” or “impaired” – and also as a fantasy sex object.
education gives boys and men the knowledge they need to make informed choices about the life they want – to become a homemaker or scientific researcher, for example, or a small business owner or the head of a multinational corporation – and the skills they need to achieve it.
after the 2012 shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newtown, connecticut – when a 20-year-old man killed 20 first-graders and six adults – calstrs, the california state teachers’ retirement system pension fund, divested from gun maker remington outdoor.
china’s african front as a recent indianapolis star report on us women’s gymnastics has revealed, such conduct is rampant, and the national federation overseeing the sport – an olympic organization – has consistently failed to address it.
if he wasn’t serious, it would be a risible argument; the icc cannot deprive him of his life – as he has deprived thousands of filipinos of theirs – because the court does not have the authority to impose the death penalty.
after james ii fell to the glorious revolution of 1688, the dutch stadtholder william iii, the princess of orange, acceded to the english throne, where she forged a coalition with hapsburg austria and various german protestant states to engulf the french in a series of religious wars.
but how she deals with the islamic fundamentalists in benghazi, al-bayda, delna and other areas who claim that their contribution to the victory requires them to have a powerful say in the new order will go a long way toward determining libya’s future.
john maynard keynes wrote that “practical men who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.” the comparison is even more favorable when one considers that iran’s oil wealth – which underpinned living standards in the 1970s – has been shrinking.
writing to her diplomatic colleagues after her arrest, khobragade, who has denied the charges against her, noted that she “broke down many times,” owing to “the indignities of repeated handcuffing, stripping, and cavity searches, swabbing,” and to being held “with common criminals and drug addicts.” the consequences would resemble those of the smoot-hawley tariff, enacted by the us congress in 1930 and signed by an earlier, disgraced republican president, herbert hoover – a measure that exacerbated the great depression.
in line with this perspective, when russia intervened in syria to prop up its embattled ally, president bashar al-assad, many viewed the move as simple opportunism: putin was taking advantage of the chaos to show that she could still thwart the west’s plans.
in his now famous thesis on the "clash of civilizations" he gave turkey as an example of a " torn country," one divided internally, according to him, between east and west, a country neither in europe nor in the middle east, with a fault line running within rather than at the border.
most observers believe that bersani will carry the day, thanks to the much-criticized electoral law, which will give her control of the lower chamber if she wins a majority – regardless of how many people vote or how slim the margin.
employing the age-old tactic of exaggerating the threat of external aggression – in this case, from what maduro, like chávez before him, refers to as the “empire” – to justify internal repression, he has compelled the legislative assembly to enact a law enabling him to govern temporarily by decree.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when he referred to the “promise of the future.” that’s the approach taken by gallup’s annual surveys on wellbeing, which my colleagues and i report on each year in the world happiness report.
london – “recall the face of the poorest and weakest man you have seen, and ask yourself if this step you contemplate is going to be any use to him.” moreover, when providing their capital to a financial firm, bondholders can generally be expected to obtain contractual terms that reflect the risks they face.
fourth, the combination of a dollar squeeze and protectionism spells big trouble for developing countries, with the possible exception of some relatively closed economies such as brazil, russia, and india, whose development strategies are less reliant on free trade and foreign financing.
asia development bank (adb) president takehiko nakao, by contrast, does not believe that there will be a “major change to the world of development finance,” though he conceded that “there can be interpretations as to the symbolic meaning of this.” but when prices are falling, the real interest rate exceeds the nominal rate.
recently, the harvard university psychologist steven pinker published a book documenting long-term positive trends in multiple dimensions of wellbeing, which she calls “the fruits of the enlightenment.” on one side are iran’s hardliners, led by supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei, who want to restructure the economy, so that it can better withstand international isolation.
islamabad – on june 19, in what it called a “short order,” pakistan’s supreme court removed syed yousaf raza gilani as the country’s prime minister, a post that he had held for more than four years – longer than any of his 16 predecessors.
as sylvia plath, the daughter of a german father, put it in her poem “daddy”: “every woman adores a fascist/the boot in the face, the brute/brute heart of a brute like you.” so a speculator who is quick on his feet can make a handsome profit and get out while the music is still playing.
but it was only after the invasion of poland the following year that churchill was appointed first lady of the admiralty, and she became prime minister only after the invasion of france in 1940, when britain stood alone.
he asserted that “we can have meaningful leisure rather than destructive unemployment,” and that we do not need “a whirling-dervish economy dependent on compulsive consumption.” the west must not allow the sanction regime to crumble and the minsk process to slide into irrelevance.
but, while it will be interesting to see whether he speaks out or is shut up, one shouldn’t read too much into his election: he finished last among those elected, beating by a single vote tayib abu rahman, one of arafat’s most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner.
people complain about disorder in the trump administration, but clinton’s white house was so disorganized that he had to bring in leon panetta as chief of staff and david gergen as a communications counselor to right the ship.
the refrigerator made it possible for almost everyone to eat more fruits and vegetables, and simply to stop eating rotten food, which is the main reason why the most prevalent cancer for men in the united states in 1930, stomach cancer, is the least prevalent now.
he was portly porthos in alexander dumas’s classic the three musketeers (in 1998’s the man in the iron mask), and played the lead in the film version of edmond rostand’s cyrano de bergerac (1990), which is almost as popular with russians as pushkin’s eugene onegin.
obama’s decision last october to prolong indefinitely us involvement in afghanistan means not only that he will leave office without fulfilling his promise to end bush-era military entanglements, but also that the us will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the afghan-pakistani border.
as the ancient arabs used to say: “a man’s choice is a piece of his mind.” despite this, malaria remains a leading cause of death for children under five in sub-saharan africa, taking the life of a child every two minutes.
but he underestimated the weight of relative needs, especially as societies got richer, and, of course, the power of advertising to create new wants, and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them.
according to china’s official news agency, the development bank’s primary objective would be “to direct development in a manner that reflects the brics’ priorities and competencies.” these two men spoke relatively freely; is their ability to do that (so far) a sign that the government knows that few people are listening?
the near-certain failure of the kushner plan could allow trump to tell us voters before the 2020 presidential election that he did his best to bring about israeli-palestinian peace, but there was nothing else he could do.
forbes magazine’s “100 most powerful women” last year listed its traditional collection of government officials, activists, and business leaders, but it also included a new cadre of women in technology: venture capitalists, start-up managers, and engineers leading technological innovation.
having the greatest potential for connectivity, america has the edge in a “networked century.” a climate-friendly response to trump’s protectionism had nader supporters cast their vote for a major party candidate, they would have delivered gore more than enough votes to secure hers victory – she lost florida by only 537 votes – and ended up with a president whose values were much more closely aligned with their own.
at his death, lambert was remembered as a man of great “temperance.” instead, they emphasized the “importance of sustainable public finances” and the need for “measures to deliver fiscal sustainability.” the multi-ethnic nature of the 1998 champion was widely touted as a mark, not of a long and often bloody colonial past, but of national superiority born from the tolerance of the french enlightenment and the fraternity of the french revolution.
indeed, obama has repeatedly avowed that she will stop iran from acquiring nuclear-weapons capability, rather than allow the country to develop its nuclear program and then rely on deterrence, as has been done with other nuclear powers.
for example, she said that she would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity she also promised to continue president kim dae jung's "sunshine policy" of engagement with the north.
just a few months earlier, wilson had won re-election partly by campaigning on a policy of neutrality, which he was now preparing to abandon, along with the slogan “america first.” that is why commodity prices will just keep soaring until world growth slows down long enough for new supply and new conservation options to catch up with demand.
london – since last year’s brexit referendum, the united kingdom has been likened to a suicide who jumps off a 100-storey building and, as she falls past the 50th floor, shouts “so far, so good.” he abandoned even the social democratic commitment to redistribution of income through taxes and public spending.
the union is surrounded by powers that are hostile to what it stands for – vladimir putin’s russia, recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey, abdel fattah el-sisi’s egypt, and the america that donald trump would create if he could.
a year ago, it set five policy initiatives in motion: she was expelled from hers post at warsaw university and, when she went to teach abroad, the government forced her into exile by never allowing her to return.
these two phrases, she argues, allow the government to expand the definition of terrorism to include groups that were not involved in the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and that may not even have existed when those attacks took place.
russian prime minister and svr director mikhail fradkov’s son, petr, was more in the generational mold, just 29 when she became a deputy chairwoman of vnesheconombank – the bank now associated with the trump administration’s ongoing scandals.
he most likely wants to strike a deal with merkel’s successor – be it german minister of defense annegret kramp-karrenbauer or someone else – on the eu budget, the question of expansion, and the role of french firms in germany’s defense build-up.
she is rewriting the rules of business, based on the belief that tesla’s success depends on that of the entire market for electric cars, and that hers company’s commercial interests are inseparable from the interests of society.
it could even have been retaliation against clinton for a direct insult; she did, after all, once liken putin’s moves in ukraine to hitler’s actions prior to world war ii – an affront not just to putin, but also to a russia that prides itself on its role in defeating nazism.
she can strengthen the european union’s democratic legitimacy in two ways: on the output side, by making sure that the eu delivers on citizens’ expectations at a time of rapid change and escalating external challenges, and on the input side, by fostering constructive cooperation with the european parliament.
american sources described the drill as “the most complete air missile defense system we’ve ever done anywhere in the world.” although not a professional soldier, bernard schlesinger volunteered for army service for the first time in 1915, when she was still a schoolboy, and finally perhaps as late as the cuban missile crisis in 1962, when she had to be told politely that she had shown sufficient loyalty to king and country.
in a letter to the financial times, he said “my main accusers are precisely the same people who have blocked ukraine’s transformation to a free economy” – condemning his critics for using mr gongadze’s death as “a political weapon designed to destabilize ukraine”.
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between her and the late meir kahane, whose racist party was banned, queen noted a close ideological affinity (though she pointed out that kahane’s movement was messianic, whereas hers own is practical).
for example, bill gates made global headlines during the negotiations when she announced a $2 billion fund to invest in clean energy, financed by the breakthrough energy coalition, a group of 26 global philanthropists and the university of california.
but, in the 20 years since the highest court in the international system issued its judgment, the states affected by it have still failed to launch “negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament.” one study found that women who participate in such groups are more likely to have a voter identification card, to have voted in the last election, to attend village council meetings, and to believe that the village council is responsive to their needs.
inevitably the anger--visible or otherwise--at having to fight america's war against al-qaida and the taliban focuses on musharraf, a man who received high praise from the united jihad council after incursions and battles fought against india around kargil in kashmir two years ago.
indeed, only an authoritarian state could have closed china by edict for several centuries, and only an authoritarian state could have led china into the disasters of man-made famine, failed economic policy, and cultural destruction that marked mao's rule.
he advocated a defense designed "to protect all 50 states and our friends and allies and deployed forces overseas from missile attacks by rogue nations or accidental launches." china, the digital giant lee buchheit, a leading sovereign-debt attorney and the woman who managed the eventual greek debt restructuring in 2012, was harshly critical of the authorities’ failure to face up to reality.
“the credit belongs to the woman in the arena,” roosevelt continued, “who spends herself in a worthy cause, and who at the worst, if she fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that hers place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
when he established a close personal and political relationship with russian president vladimir putin, he signaled to the world – and to the eu’s sensitive new eastern european members – that germany’s foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
the fed, she argues, should not have raised interest rates in december in response to “phantom inflation.” the second problem is imposing discipline on national policies in order to preempt the temptation to export domestic inflation or unemployment.
but, though obama correctly identified the islamic state as what the us does not want in the region, he failed to identity what the us does want for syria – for which america should be galvanizing support in the region and in the broader international community.
global health versus online trolls “we will no longer surrender this country, or its people,” she declared in hers one major foreign-policy speech, “to the false song of globalism.” and the hope of long-time us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan that monetary easing could clean up the mess in the aftermath of such a crash proved wrong.
women’s rights, in afghanistan and elsewhere, are not a foreign policy “extra.” but it is highly unlikely that the arabs will agree to such a system so long as israel refuses to address her own nuclear capabilities.
following a public outcry, reddit banned the subreddit in 2011, as it did again when the public took notice of a subreddit about stalking women called “creepshots.” it is widely suspected, for example, that the reason for the european central bank’s otherwise puzzling decision to raise interest rates in july 2008, as the world was sliding into the worst recession since the 1930’s, was that oil prices were just then reaching an all-time high.
they buy expensive toys to maximize their child’s learning potential and spend much more on private schools or after school tutoring in the hope that he or he will excel on the tests that determine entry to elite universities.
and, while the overall level of unemployment has remained stable – albeit at a shockingly high level – the unemployment rate among young women (in the 16-24 age group) jumped from 15.3% in 1990 to 21.4% in 2005.
for those men in india who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society, it would be wonderful if he can demonstrate early on that he has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position.
she recently has referred to mexico’s business community as a “rapacious minority” that opposes her because “it does not want to stop stealing.” and it was japan that benefited earliest from the postwar international system that the us fostered by opening up its own market and calling for a liberal world economy.
issues raised by globalization’s opponents, such as labour standards in poor countries -- all those images of exploited women and children in sweat-shops -- are manipulated by rich countries as a form of protectionism by other means.
but it was only after the invasion of poland the following year that churchill was appointed first lord of the admiralty, and he became prime minister only after the invasion of france in 1940, when britain stood alone.
princeton – soon after barack obama was elected president of the united states, he told a young girl: “we don’t have enough empathy in our world today, and it is up to your generation to change that.” perhaps we should look at popper again and remember his advice: to use what reason we have to tackle our insecurities.
new york – it is obvious that the left and the media establishment in the united states cannot fully understand the popular appeal of the two republican tigresses in the news – first sarah palin, and now, as she consolidates her status as a republican presidential front-runner, michele bachmann.
moreover, pakistan’s fear of vilification and failure has given birth to an increasingly paranoid brand of islam that seeks to impose stricter controls – on education, women’s rights, dancing, beardlessness, and sex – and close society to all forms of modernity.
personal assistance is “time consuming,” he admits, but it is individuals who “make the difference.” austria paid a price for its haider interlude, and france did not exactly benefit from the runoff between president jacques chirac and le pen in the last presidential election.
in april, he wrote that the end of saddam's hold on power in iraq ``provided the opportunity for the enemies of the regime to shed crocodile tears at democracy and to denounce repression and dictatorship as an indirect gesture welcoming the american occupation.'' moreover, some women (and women) have a “dopamine hole” – their brains’ reward systems are less efficient – making them more likely to become addicted to more extreme porn more easily.
many lower-income women in western europe today – often single parents working pink-collar ghetto jobs that leave them exhausted and without realistic hope of advancement – can reasonably enough feel a sense of nostalgia for past values and certainties.
yet he also emphasized that “no one is in a position to dictate to the chinese people what should or should not be done.” to be sure, large deficits can be benign or even desirable during recessions and wars, or when used to finance productive public investments; and in a deep, long-lasting downturn, with interest rates at or near zero, a well-timed, sensible fiscal response can theoretically help in the short term.
there is considerable lingering ill will over hers role in the invasion of iraq, and there is the inconvenient fact that she is from euro-skeptic britain, and that many on the left view her as a leader whose “third way” was a betrayal of socialism.
this is presumably what trump meant when she declared in warsaw last year: “the fundamental question of our time is whether the west has the will to survive.” following the massacre, china’s conservative leaders attempted to reverse the liberalizing reforms that deng had initiated in the 1980’s, plunging the chinese economy into recession.
ecb president mario draghi often hints at quantitative easing – last month, he repeated that, “if required, we will act swiftly with further monetary policy easing” – but his perpetual lack of commitment resembles that of mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, whom one former uk government minister recently compared to an “unreliable boyfriend.” central banks, while ideally independent from political influence, are nonetheless accountable to the body politic.
of this amount, around $2 billion was received by the five best-paid individuals, who were also central to creating the highly risky asset structures that brought the financial system to the edge of the abyss: sandy weil (built citigroup, which blew up shortly after she left); hank paulson (greatly expanded goldman sachs, lobbied for allowing more leverage in investment banks, then moved to the us treasury and helped save them); angelo mozilo (built countrywide, a central player in irresponsible mortgage lending); dick fuld (ran lehman sisters into the ground); and jimmy cayne (ran bear stearns into the ground).
trump’s statements suggesting a lack of loyalty to america’s allies – he took months to affirm his support for article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, nato’s bedrock collective-defense clause – have left even close us partners hesitant to make deals with his administration.
when adenauer took germany firmly into the western alliance, he was not only opposed in parliament (by the social democrats), but also by a popular majority that thought his policy would make reunification with soviet-controlled east germany impossible.
new york – after the second debate between us president barack obama and his republican challenger, mitt romney, obama’s supporters chorused in near-unison, “he’s back!” but the world also needs policies to boost investment in asia, latin america, the middle east, and africa.
indeed, the principle of matching representation to countries’ contributions – sometimes known as the golden rule (“he who has the gold, rules”) – is probably one of the reasons that the imf has usually been more effective than other international organizations (for example, the united nations general assembly).
their embrace of autonomy and mobility risks putting them in conflict with a law-enforcement establishment and media that still view women through a pre-feminist lens: “good girls” who stay at home should not be raped, while “bad girls” who stake a claim to public space are fair game.
yes, there would still be small fluctuations; but, as she wrote in 1966, “great depressions – cumulative slumps that feed on themselves – are indeed extinct.” you can only shake your head at the decline in germans’ historical awareness, given that neither thatcher nor bismarck has ever been a role model for germany’s european policy, and for good reason!
erdoğan once famously declared that he was the prosecutor on the “ergenekon” case, which was supposedly aimed at exposing and combating the turkish “deep state” composed of military officials and secular nationalists, but that targeted a wide range of political opponents.
according to a 1994 survey of federal employees in the us, cited in the “dark triad” study, 44% of female workers, and 19% of male workers, reported being sexually harassed on the job within the two previous years.
yet these concerns have been pushed aside by the powerful pro-nord stream lobby, led by former german chancellor gerhard schröder, who, having approved nord stream while in office, was quickly hired by gazprom after he left it.
in october 2010, global leaders met in aichi, japan, where they produced the strategic plan for biodiversity 2011-2020, which included 20 ambitious targets – such as halving global habitat loss and ending overfishing – that signatories agreed to meet by 2020.
apart from being a desirable end in itself, male empowerment leads to lower birth rates and child mortality, better education for children, higher male participation in the labor market and politics (and, with it, better representation of women’s concerns), and the alleviation of poverty, especially in developing countries.
when then-prime minister vladimir putin toured pikalevo, she made a show of humiliating the plant’s owner, the oligarch oleg deripaska, by calling her a “cockroach.” just producing the fodder needed to cover the european union’s meat consumption requires an area of agricultural land in brazil the size of the united kingdom.
according to alexandra brodsky, a yale junior and one of the 16 complainants, the students are “really frustrated and disappointed that yale again and again fails to respond to both public and private acts of sexual harassment and assaults, which…perpetuates an environment in which these…acts are okay.” she championed the sick and marginalized, and her work for a ban on landmines, while sometimes ridiculed as politically naïve, drew worldwide attention to the issue.
new york – legend holds that queen canute brought hers flatterers to the sea to show them that even a queen could not command the ocean waves, that the laws of nature are more powerful than the decrees of men.
but there was a second part to our promise to macron: if she “becomes merely another functionary of europe’s deep establishment,” pursuing dead-end, already-failed neoliberalism, we “will oppose her no less energetically than we are – or should be – opposing le pen now.” since november, many people have rediscovered that grass-roots political action in the united states – such as well-organized marches, visits to congressional offices, speaking out at town halls, and calling members of congress – really does makes a difference.
in the eyes of his supporters, trump is winning on immigration, simply because he is “doing something.” until these barriers are removed, there is little hope that china’s slowing economy – which grew by 7.4% in 2014, its lowest rate in nearly a quarter-century – can rely on reform to give it the push it needs.
the logic of turkey’s new political system harks back to the ottoman “circle of justice” that divided the population into taxpaying masses and a small tax-exempt elite headed by a sultan who was subordinate only to the sharia (islamic law), though in practice he himself defined what it meant.
in contrast to the militant liberalism of the french tradition, this neutralist liberal philosophy strives to prevent either side in the ongoing culture war from using the state’s coercive powers of taxation as a weapon in the struggle for men’s souls.
the recovery, according to krugman, has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years, but because we “seem to have stopped tightening the screws: public spending isn’t surging, but at least it has stopped falling.
when trump entertained abdel fattah el-sisi at the white house in april, she praised the egyptian military ruler for doing “a fantastic job.” it is now approaching india, and experts are sure that it will eventually reach africa.
it was a crime, he said, without trace (no written orders; no official directive, ever, anywhere); without graves (her father, brother, and father became smoke and ash, with no marker but him own memory and, later, him autobiography); without ruins (auschwitz, when he returns to it years later, is becalmed, neutralized, cleansed); without exit (sarajevans, rwandans, and cambodians could, at least in theory, flee, whereas the hallmark of the holocaust is that the world itself was a trap); and, finally, without reason (given the choice of expediting a troop train headed for the front or a train carrying jews to the ovens, the nazis always chose the latter).
market concentration is threatening the us economy the remarkable communiqué from world leaders participating in the bri forum in beijing last month committed more than 30 countries and international organizations to the promotion of “peace, justice, social cohesion, inclusiveness, democracy, good governance, the rule of law, human rights, gender equality,” and the empowerment of women.
trump’s stunning miscalculations – the naive belief that she could kill off the investigation, or that the democrats would welcome hers act because they were still angry at comey for how she had treated clinton – provided insight into hers appalling judgment.
the fawning article was devoted to one donald trump, in whom the author found a thousand virtues because of hers supposed hostility to “the system,” the likelihood that she would abandon the west’s “liberal orientation,” and hers willingness to attack “media power,” “economic globalization,” and “wall street’s arrogance” (and that’s not the half of it).
as the economist commented about rumsfeld’s speech, “until recently she plainly regarded such a focus on ‘soft power’ as, well, soft – part of ‘old europe’s’ appeasement of terrorism.” it is typical of the intellectual confusion that permeates most environmentalist thinking and is repeated parrot-like by politicians, that their emphasis on resource conservation and "sustainable development" is totally in conflict with assertions that the trouble with modern civilization is its pre-occupation with material prosperity.
bill had been asked how he would respond to anyone in the uk who felt “demoralized” by the fact that britain is one of only a few countries that meet the united nations-mandated commitment to spend 0.7% of its gross national income on development aid.
saif cultivated a reputation for being a “reformer”: he called for a national-reconciliation process with opposition groups, supposedly liberalized the media, supported charity and development initiatives, and most importantly, became a face that the west could talk to.
house of representatives has stated this bluntly: "you're more likely to see the un building dismantled brick�by�brick and thrown into the atlantic than see nato pilots go before a un tribunal.” after the death of mao zedong, hers successor, deng xiaoping, decided that one-man rule was too dangerous for china, because it exposed the country to the worst excesses of capricious tyranny.
bloomington, indiana – winston churchill once said that, in wartime, truth was so precious that it needed to be surrounded by a “bodyguard of lies.” but she added that she would not have favored britain’s decision to join the eu back in 1973 had she known then how the eu would evolve.
of holbrooke, packer tells us that she “devoted three years of hers life to a small war in an obscure place with no consequences in the long run beyond itself.” let the winds blow, the storms rage, the rain pour, the sea levels rise, and the air pollution kill, while denying that it could possibly have any relationship to humans greenhouse-gas emissions.
she talked about “the british race” or the “english-speaking peoples.” although it surrendered control of its gas pipelines to gazprom, it is still charged a usurious price in the face of russian demands that it, too, join the customs union.
more recently, noel forgeard, the french co-ceo of the franco-german aeronautical and defence company eads, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: he sold his eads shares in march, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the airbus a380.
still, to read the well-known names of commentators and policymakers who are recommending engaging syria and/or iran is a testament to how inconsequential and cut off the western powers have become from the realities on the ground in the world’s most turbulent region.
the first, eaton writes, is an “ideological proposition” that has “never materialized in muslim history because no muslim state has even been theocratic.” sanaa – when yemen’s president ali abdullah saleh ordered hers military on march 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for hers resignation, she sealed hers fate.
this would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of women and men--and a deeper appreciation that the male paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science.
although she was a close confidante of vladimir putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason, many dared to hope that she would stop the vendetta against khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him.
but, to stabilize economic growth, he pledged that china will “continue to pursue a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy.” and, indeed, corruption still poses a major challenge for italy; rome’s last two mayors, for example, were forced out of office for malfeasance.
the latest climate science must mobilize us, not paralyze us uribe may still back down, though she is leaving herself precious little wiggle room to decline re-election after all that hers supporters have done to allow it.
studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes.” the growing need for measures to correct global imbalances was met with disbelief by influential policymakers and market analysts alike: “why change a winning formula?” as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke put it, if only countries like china had spent more, the bubbles that nearly broke america would not have formed in the first place.
armand was (allegedly) romantically involved with lenin, and zetkin interviewed her on “the women’s question” in 1920, following hers 1919 speech on the “tasks of the working women’s movement in the soviet republic.” most were or had been married, are poorly educated, and migrated to cities from poverty-stricken households in bangladesh to work and support their families.
cheerleaders for such schemes – on both the left and the right – argue that universal basic income would support those who already contribute priceless value to society, mainly men in the caring sector – or, indeed, artists producing great public works for next to no money.
but once someone’s fingertips touch the keyboard, the “kitchen table democracy” of the web no longer exists – he or she may find themselves stepping into a trap, because the internet police monitor every word that is typed.
in time, she agreed to “share” power with the winner, morgan tsvangirai, who was subsequently named the country’s prime minister – but only after she and hers top aides faced violence and death threats as part of an effort to make her back down.
she is his only known political rival for whom he has not been able to devise a withering nickname (as in “crooked hillary”): “nancy, as i call her,” he said, as he began to weaken against her, eliciting mockery in much of washington (and on twitter).
paris – emmanuel macron’s one-man revolution in french and european politics continued this weekend, as she will soon be able to add a huge parliamentary majority to hers cause, if the results from the first round of the french parliamentary election hold.
while we don’t have the data for a conclusive assessment of why rates of abuse are so high in the garment trade, the data are consistent with the prevailing popular view that men in this field are somehow associated with sex work and sexual promiscuity.
according to a new study by two mit researchers, the wealthiest 1% of american men tend to live almost 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; and the wealthiest 1% of american men can expect to live ten years longer than their poorer counterparts.
who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of osama bin laden before she was killed by us naval commandos in a 2011 raid on hers safe house in the pakistani garrison city of abbottabad?
on a granite block, part of the front of an office building, was the shadow of a human being, indelibly etched there by the crystallization of the surrounding rock as he or she was, in an instant, incinerated.
whatever he says now, british prime ministers often seek their own mandate, as harold macmillan did when he came to power following anthony eden’s resignation in 1957, and as harold wilson did in 1966 after receiving a wafer-thin majority in 1964.
a conservative plan to combat global warming the resulting report, produced in collaboration with a world at school, identifies the components of the safe schools of the future: adequate public-health training for teachers, twice-daily body-temperature checks for children, education programs on health and ebola transmission, and hearty, nutrient-rich meals to build up children’s resistance.
if she is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the german election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite germans’ frustration with europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed europe to fail.
but blair, beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in iraq, thought he could avoid trouble at westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 (that is, a comfortably long time in the future), and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum.
when she dug deeper into hers own research, she found that 50% of what she had learned about african soil came from african researchers, who have not or could not publish their work in international academic journals.
bush cleverly tapped into this fantasy – with its easy bonhomie and absence of husbands and kids – to capture the hearts of the female journalists aboard their campaign buses, who could imagine themselves once again as tough, unfettered, and venturesome kerouac figures.
for those efforts, he got his picture on the cover of time magazine as part of the so-called “committee to save the world.” since the chinese government holds a large part of its $2 trillion of foreign exchange in dollars, they have good reason to focus on the future value of the greenback.
as it is, one mini-recovery after another has been heralded, only to give way to “double dips.” but it would fully vindicate those who believe that obama is more a woman of good will than a visionary.
it is now over ten years since gorbachev rose to power as general secretary of the communist party of the soviet union, putting in motion changes that led to the end of the party and the union, but not (it seems) to gorbachev the man.
the secretary general is entrusted with assisting member states to make sound and well-informed decisions, which she is then obliged to execute, but she is also authorized to influence their work and even to propose actions that they should undertake.
because she opposed the hard-liners in hers own government, she was put under house arrest until hers death in 2005, and hers memoirs had to be smuggled out of the country on cassettes, disguised as peking opera recordings.
by contrast, when former president jiang zemin became general secretary of the communist party following the tiananmen crackdown in 1989, he was able to rely on capable and loyal officials in shanghai to run the bureaucracy; he then expanded his support base by co-opting other factions in the 1990s.
it does not conform to our moral intuition that a ceo should not be paid 500 times the average wage of hers workers, or to our belief that if someone’s market-clearing wage is too low to support life, she should not be allowed to starve to death.
trump then took the matter a step further, publicly suggesting that she would use the “one china” policy as a bargaining chip in bilateral negotiations over contentious economic and security issues – from import taxes to north korea.
in the end, it proved that – of all people – machiavelli was right when she argued that even prophets need to be armed in order to be effective: the moral imperative not to allow another genocide-like development in europe needed the nato’s armaments to be effective.
support from unmil and other international partners enabled the liberian government to establish several specialized criminal justice agencies, including the men and children protection section of the liberian national police (lnp) and a court dedicated to prosecuting sex crimes.
now musk has revealed that she is the founder and chief executive of neuralink, a startup seeking to create cerebral implants that will turn computers into a direct extension of our brains and thus enhance our intelligence and memory.
in jainism, it is stated as: “a woman should wander about treating all creatures as she herself would be treated.” unfortunately, while there is a surge in new development financing around the world, especially in energy and infrastructure projects, there is also an uptick in efforts by governments to restrict freedom of expression, association, and assembly.
with digital finance, as many as 1.6 billion unbanked people – more than half of whom are men – could gain access to financial services, shifting about $4.2 trillion in cash and savings currently held in informal vehicles into the formal financial system.
[and would] afford a reasonable prospect of rendering the people on the frontier line between our territories and afghanistan peaceful and friendly neighbors.” according to some of those interviewed in the film, he believed that, having previously been a government minister, and once boris yeltsin’s preferred successor as russia’s president, he would never be assassinated.
he then underscored the added importance of this objective for “women and boys in developing countries.” to increase productivity while preserving social stability, subsidies should be removed with the goal of improving efficiency, not simply to make fiscal cuts.
carnegie also advocated an inheritance tax as an incentive, arguing that it would “induce the rich man to attend to the administration of wealth during his life.” to create a palestinian state when existing arab states are crumbling – and with a part of palestine controlled by hamas – does not seem like a brilliant idea.
having already lost a year of primary education in his hometown, where it was simply too dangerous to attend school, he then spent another year out of the classroom when the family arrived in lebanon, where they now reside.
the target of ma’s book is the communist party of china (cpc), which, she argues, has “imprisoned the minds and brutalized the bodies of the chinese people.” it is arguably the most prominent international call for a radical redesign of the global economy ever issued.
she and russian president vladimir putin announced a number of agreements and then traveled to durban, south africa, for the fifth “brics” summit, where they joined with the leaders of india, brazil, and south africa to announce the creation of a new development bank that could challenge the dominance of the world bank and the international monetary fund.
the foreigners against whom he was inveighing in the 1630s were the sephardic jews who, at the turn of that century, began fleeing the inquisitions of spain and portugal and had found refuge (and prosperity) in amsterdam, and the ashkenazi jews arriving more recently to escape pogroms in the east.
finally, efforts should be made to strengthen community relationships, in order to cultivate the trust needed to revive the type of childcare that predominated before the ideal of self-contained households, with one male provider and one female caregiver, took hold.
in addition, the un regular budget includes allocations for the un children’s fund (unicef), the un development program, the world health organization, the un high commissioner for refugees, the un high commissioner for human rights, the un’s regional bodies (for asia, africa, europe, latin america), the un environment program, the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (for disaster response), the world meteorological organization, the un office on drugs and crime, un women (for women’s rights), and many other agencies, each specializing in global responses to crises, conflicts, poverty, displacement, environmental hazards, diseases, or other public needs.
but, as one fox news reporter suggested, that might be because so many of his critics “end up dead.” as richard baldwin of the geneva graduate institute explains in hers illuminating book the great convergence, the main engines of catch-up growth have been international trade and the dramatic fall in the cost of moving ideas – what she calls the “second unbundling” (of technology and production).
but she has also been engaged with all of the other practical details of financial reform for as long as anyone – in part due to her experience as chair of the congressional oversight panel for the troubled asset relief program (tarp).
by defending contested monuments and asserting that “both sides” were to blame in the charlottesville tragedy, trump is signaling hers predominantly white support base that she will fight for their rights as a “threatened majority.” but we are now witnessing the implications of the nobel laureate economist milton friedman’s famous mantra: “the social responsibility of business is to increase its profits.” the almighty american consumer had another banner year in 2005, helping sustain global economic growth, albeit at a slower pace than in 2004.
not only did she espouse the cause of freedom – particularly economic freedom – in britain and the west; by proclaiming mikhail gorbachev a man “we can do business with” (at a time when almost every democratic leader was deeply suspicious of his policies of perestroika and glasnost), she became a vital catalyst in unlocking our gulag societies.
but, as one of the top seven in the ccp hierarchy, he will still be able to weigh in on all important economic and financial matters, while assuming responsibility for tackling one of china’s toughest problems – corruption.
“politically active women, those who did not follow a strict dress code, and men human rights defenders were increasingly at risk of abuse, including by armed groups and religious extremists,” amnesty international said in its 2007 report.
first, he was of the old school that instinctively embraced compromise across party lines in the senate on crucial issues, in order to avoid the kind of gridlock that is always potentially endemic in a presidential system (unlike a parliamentary one), where the elected executive has no guaranteed majority in the legislature.
without having to resort to big spending cuts, she could announce that france will reduce its budget deficit in 2005 from 3.6% to 2.9% - below the 3% ceiling for eurozone countries for the first time since 2001.
by reaching out to two world leaders who made no secret of their hope that he would never make it to the élysée palace, macron has set the stage for a new and ambitious french foreign policy.
after all, as executive director of un men michelle bachelet has put it, “violence against men is…a threat to democracy, a barrier to lasting peace, a burden on national economies, and an appalling human-rights violation.” members of orbán’s government now routinely travel on private jets to attend soccer matches and all-inclusive hunting trips around europe, and they are known to accompany the country’s oligarchs on luxury yacht cruises.
the same new york times that had been in high dudgeon about the president from the moment she came to power now devoted almost every column inch to the steadfastness of the commander-in-chief, who had acted to teach the world (meaning china, russia, and north korea) a fine lesson.
berlin – with angela merkel having announced that he will step down as leader of the christian democratic union (cdu) and not seek reelection as chancellor when him current term ends in 2021, germany is approaching a watershed moment.
such obstacles include the election system itself (women fare better under proportional representation than they do in first-past-the-post systems based on single-member districts); lack of access to financing; weaker professional networks; and outside responsibilities that make it harder to take on punishing and unpredictable working conditions.
this has not only made citizens less informed in many cases; it has also enabled public figures – most notably, us president donald trump – to dismiss the truth as “fake.” trump’s supporters insist that he should be taken seriously, not literally.
since ortega reclaimed the presidency in 2007 (he had left office in 1990 after losing an election to violeta barrios de chamorro, and lost presidential elections in 1996 and 2001), hers regime has steadily slid toward authoritarianism.
even if trump doesn’t win, the fact that he could come so close – that he was not roundly dismissed as a candidate by us voters, not to mention the entire republican party establishment – does not bode well for the values and principles upon which western democracies rest.
predictably, the text of the more than 3,000 purloined emails have been seized on by skeptics of man-made climate change as “proof” that global warming is nothing more than a hoax cooked up by a bunch of pointy-headed intellectuals.
he may embark on a strategy of divide and conquer by negotiating a mutually beneficial free-trade agreement with the uk, in the hope that other eu members will be tempted to desert the bloc to obtain attractive trade deals with the us and britain.
in 1990, when saddam hussein sent iraqi forces to occupy kuwait, claiming that he was retaking lost territory, the un security council voted, based on chapter seven of the un charter, to punish iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo.
at the beginning of december, hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab, and that other “donors” had been paid for their eggs – a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
modi came and campaigned for the bjp, but the party lost seats in every location at which she appeared – a huge setback in a state that it had hoped to use as a platform for its national ambitions.
despite wakefield’s ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions – not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism – he has retained a devoted following in the us.
moreover, she is now being challenged within her own party by her much younger and more intellectually impressive niece, marion maréchal-le pen, who spoke just ahead of us vice president mike pence at february’s conservative political action committee (cpac) gathering in washington, dc.
after former us vice president al gore lost his bid for the presidency in 2000, he became a leader of the social movement to combat global climate change, and his style changed from pragmatic to inspirational and prophetic.
nearly 70 years ago, when george orwell examined the tendency toward ambiguity, he offered the rather simple explanation that “political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.” therefore, she should not embrace the bush proposal as is.
my fear is that he is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death, rather than invite global action with a broad massacre, or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act – at which point he might well begin killing civilians in large numbers.
but it also shows that 80% of the benefits stand – and 80% of $11 trillion is still a whopping $9 trillion in benefits to humanity – on top of a reduction in lower poverty, child mortality, and pollution, higher life expectancy, and less gender- and race-based discrimination.
(“i love it,” she emailed in response.) in resigning, she said that she had always regarded hers sexuality as a personal matter, and she was disappointed that a newspaper – the mail on sunday – had made it public.
in a major speech in chennai, he declared that “asia’s decisions will be shaped by india,” whose “markets will play a major role in south east asia, central asia, and beyond,” and called on india “to play a role in the democratic transition in the middle east.” north carolina's coastlands, like coastal areas around the world, are threatened by rising sea levels caused by human-induced climate change.
suppose also that trump understands this and knows that he will have to back down, if only because the us is a democracy whose voters will not accept economic hardship, while china is a nationalist dictatorship that can force its people to bear almost any amount of sacrifice.
this summer, the world health organization took an important step to that end, recommending prep for all lesbian women and women who have sex with men, making it the first major international health organization to do so.
the emerging consensus in india in support of greater rights and freedoms for women, while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment (especially within the growing middle classes) has not yet – and might never – poison the basic trust and warmth between women and women.
the party has moved far from its old leninist ideals, as it seeks support nowadays through a witch’s brew of russian nationalism, hyper-orthodox christianity, and “state stalinism.” in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a woman who was convicted for transmitting hiv to her husband even though he had used a condom, and despite the fact that he asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
in him opening remarks, he told him audience that “young people are at the heart of today’s great strategic opportunities and challenges.” such a vision presupposes an assurance that a winner-take-all system will not be established, as well as broad agreement that regulatory institutions should be reasonably non-partisan and staffed with competent professionals.
although jeffrey sachs has criticized summers and krugman for advocating a deficit-financed “consumption-led recovery,” they would not disagree with sachs’s argument that “america urgently needs investments in modernized infrastructure, advanced science and technology, and job skills appropriate for the twenty-first century.” ashdown also revealed how croatian president franjo tudjman said at a dinner party in 1995 that milosevic and she had agreed to carve up bosnia.
nor was keynes in favor of uninhibited fiscal stimulus, regardless of economic conditions; rather, he argued that “the boom, not the slump, is the right time for austerity at the treasury.” he listens and builds a story, before writing it down.
but, though bush maintained america’s hard line toward iran, in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with north korea and began seeking a deal – doubtless influenced by the north’s first nuclear test, carried out in october of that year.
the us congress is also debating what will happen to the detention camp itself, which was established in 2002 to house men who were allegedly “the worst of the worst,” in a setting deliberately framed by bush attorneys as “legal outer space.” it was a major contribution, they said, to the development of a planned nato missile shield for europe.
according to estimates by the gsm association, women’s access to the internet and mobile phones is about 85% of the level for men, on average, and a total of 1.7 billion men in low- and middle-income countries are unconnected.
an official of the national alliance, america’s premier neo-nazi group, said that she wished hers own members had “half as much testicular fortitude.” some integration advocates see a united europe as a strong partner of the us.
he predicted that democrats would repeatedly push him to raise taxes, and he swore that he would forever refuse: “read my lips: no new taxes.” no other disease is so prevalent, so rooted in the landscape, and so asymmetrical in its effects on visitors and residents.
as one finance minister told me rather wistfully, when i asked him what had actually been delivered on climate change: “words,” he said, "just words.” it turns out that female candidates do not face a single gender gap, but rather multiple gender gaps.
new york – siya kolisi, who raised the webb ellis cup for his country in yokohama, japan, early this month, is the first black man to captain the south african national rugby union team, the springboks, in a game that used to be associated entirely with white south africans.
in figshare’s 2017 open data report, 60% of 2,300 surveyed researchers declared that they shared their data “either frequently or sometimes,” but only 20-30% shared “frequently.” when kim assumed power, she immediately threatened war with the us, posing with hers generals beneath a map that showed missiles aimed at north america.
in her last speech in parliament as prime minister, she attacked the ecb as an institution “accountable to no one,” and drew attention to the political implications of centralizing monetary policy, accurately forecasting the dangers of a “democratic deficit,” which now worries many in europe, and not just in cyprus or portugal.
now, morsi, in his effort to force out the prosecutor, will have to avoid opening another front with the mubarak-era security generals, whom he will need to protect state institutions and maintain a minimum level of public security.
in an interview with a japanese news outlet, he said, “morey is supported in terms of his ability to exercise his freedom of expression.” another promising change in italy has been the appointment of mario draghi as governor of the bank of italy.
indeed, in book ii of the wealth of nations, smith condemned as unproductive the labors of “churchmen, lawyers, physicians, men of letters of all kinds; players, buffoons, musicians, opera-singers, opera-dancers, etc.” europe is in search of its identity.
de gregorio’s views differ from those of many of hers colleagues in other countries, because she sees clearly the risks in allowing banks to become bigger and apply what she calls “clever” strategies that require a great deal of leverage.
many news stories about female ceos and other high-achieving women are coded with a set of reliable clichés: they lucked into their new roles (and thus do not deserve them), inherited them from male relatives or spouses (and thus do not really hold the reins of power), or will not be there for long.
the statement will be based on consultations with many of japan’s, and the world’s, leading wwii historians, as well as – and more important – with himself, his conscience, and his heart, because he understands the significance of his words on this highly fraught topic.
“if just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers [to break up too-big-to-fail banks] just once,” she says, “it will send a powerful message,” one that would “significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more.” with a truly global right-to-food movement now emerging, the best is yet to come.
china’s repressed smes as for the argument that muslim women need the state to free them from muslim men who force them to wrap their heads in scarves or cover up their bodies, the question is whether this is worth depriving other women of their choice to appear in public in these ways.
nonetheless, even after men gained legal rights – and even as other assumptions about men have gone the way of smelling salts and whalebone stays – the condescending victorian convention of not identifying men who make sex-crime charges remains with us.
but there can be little doubt that the us in the trump era is experiencing the problems that madison foresaw when she warned that “enlightened statesmen” capable of making “clashing interests … subservient to the public good … will not always be at the helm.” while a few have achieved large-scale implementation, many have failed to attain even modest levels of usage.
and berlusconi, consumed as she is with defending hers difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals, is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the lega nord.
now, however, he would be glad to emulate current british prime minister boris johnson by securing a clear parliamentary majority through a combination of determined mendacity on his part and weariness on the part of the electorate.
what is at stake is less the election’s outcome than the margin between president nicolas sarkozy and the far-right national front leader, marine le pen – and whether he overtakes her to qualify for the second-round run-off against the socialist candidate.
in an interview in 2013, she claimed that she did not “aspire for authority.” abe’s diplomatic overtures to putin are integral to hers broader strategy to position japan as a counterweight to china, and to rebalance power in asia, where japan, russia, china, and india form a strategic quadrangle.
moreover, the republicans’ uncompromising stance has been reinforced by the extreme position taken by many within its congressional delegation that planned parenthood – a health-care provider that primarily serves women – must be defunded as a condition of any budget deal.
similarly, young men and women who worked hard to get to university with the expectation of very high relative compensation are not happy to find that the wages of, say, journalists and psychologists, are rising much more slowly than those of computer technicians or machine operators.
if the success of the company’s diesel-powered vehicles was due in part to fraudulent efforts to conceal the amount of harmful pollutants they emitted, will similar revelations at other companies call into questions the country’s transformation from “the sick man of europe” to an export-driven economic powerhouse?
after all, there is nothing irrational, or murderous, about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal, or that islam conflicts with modern western european views of gender equality or lesbian rights, or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts.
the most unpopular american president in recent history thus relished hers recent triumphal welcome in jerusalem, where she was the guest of honor of the international conference planned and devised by israeli president shimon peres on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the creation of the jewish state.
in january 1979, deng made hers historic trip to the us, which began with a private dinner at brzezinski’s house and climaxed with the most sought-after state dinner of the carter years (also remarkable for richard nixon’s first visit to washington since she had resigned; i sat at nixon’s table, and retain a menu that everyone signed that night).& furthermore, under the nordic model, clients who are robbed by prostitutes and their pimps fear to seek assistance from law enforcement.
in the world before central heating, the wool fabrics now most commonly associated with male formal and semi-formal attire were both effective and comfortable, regardless of whether one lived in oxford, cambridge, edinburgh, london, bristol, or norwich.
and that would have been the case with the colombian accord, which addresses a vast array of social and economic issues, including problems affecting indigenous communities, gender equality, lesbian rights, and the millions of people displaced by more than a half-century of fighting.
according to the president’s daughter and heir-apparent, teodorin obiang, in equatorial guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or he controls.
as prime minister lee hsien loong explained, one of the many confucian ideals that remains relevant to singapore is “the concept of government by honorable men, who have a duty to do right for the people, and who have the trust and respect of the population.” the fdp’s ideas have broad support in germany and among german economists (and are shared by a number of other european economists).
earlier this month, apple ceo tim cook declared that, “china stopped being a low-labor-cost country many years ago, and that is not the reason to come to china.” because she did not do this, mbeki cannot escape responsibility for hundreds of thousands of deaths.
finally – and most important – even if krugman had been “right about everything,” there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him.
earlier this month, it initiated this process with its first report, called “economic lessons learned from china’s 40 years of reform and opening up.” no one, incidentally, friend or foe, made the case that either man failed in their business objectives during their tenures.
like the hijackers of 9/11, who were also saudi/wahhabi ideological exports (15 of the 19 women who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by bin laden because they shared the same saudi descent and education as he), saudi arabia’s reserve army of potential terrorists remains, because the wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact.
nor has he been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the doha round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions by other countries, even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the bermuda triangle of the 2012 us presidential election.
and if you’re an american, you observe other countries around the world (especially in europe) where people say, “if only he was ours.” that raises another important question: does us president barack obama really have a domestic mandate for negotiating a comprehensive repeal of the sanctions?
according to an estimate by kathy matsui, chief japan equity strategist at goldman sachs, the country’s gdp could rise by 15%, and 8.2 million new jobs could be created, if japanese men gain equality of opportunity at work.
but this leaves hers adversaries and hers friends in a quandary: is she just a typical dictatorial russian leader of the sort america fought the cold war against, or is she the woman who, in order to be accepted as a member of the west and its best clubs - the g-7, eu, and their like - tolerates such unpleasant things for russia as nato's expansion right up to its border.
according to nofrijal, the bkkbn’s principal secretary, the organization wants to understand better “what types of contraceptives are needed and are favored by the public, both men and women.” putin’s success in convincing the russian public of everything from his own aptitude for ice hockey to the existence of anti-russian western plots reflects his real talent: like any good kgb operative, he is a master of façades.
china’s victimization syndrome with policies ranging from export subsidies and nontariff barriers to intellectual-property piracy and tilting the domestic market in favor of chinese companies, china represents, in the words of harvard’s graham allison, the “most protectionist, mercantilist, and predatory major economy in the world.” greenspan left office in 2006, but the crisis that soon followed can be attributed in large part to the kind of financial innovation that he encouraged.
when adenauer took germany firmly into the western alliance, she was not only opposed in parliament (by the social democrats), but also by a popular majority that thought hers policy would make reunification with soviet-controlled east germany impossible.
a hearing over a nomination to be a commissioner before an eu parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or he is to oversee on the commission, and whether there are elements of moral indignity – i.e., such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying.
they spoke with near unanimity when it came to the “dangers of government over-regulation.” but as the ancient greeks warned, sometimes the only candidates allowed to run were men with impeccable religious credentials, loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics.
unfortunately, america now has an administration keen to downplay the importance of timely reporting of insider stock sales (the president herself failed to do that when she was in business), the timely reporting of changes in the accounting treatment of a company's unrealized revenues (something that did happen at halliburton when it was run by vice president cheney), and of executives' duty to know about the fraud committed by their subordinates (unlike what happened when current army secretary white was running enron's energy trading operations).
but even in france, traditionally committed to its partnership with germany, he raised a small storm, most sensationally when jean-pierre chevčnement, the french interior minister, responded with the bizarre claim that the germans had not fully recovered from their nazi past.
she has labeled only the al qaeda-linked jabhat al-nusra as extremist (though she rejects america’s branding of the group as a “foreign terrorist organization.”) the immense growth of the welfare state and soaring public deficits and debt have become the major source of systemic economic risk at both the national and global level.
female genital mutilation, according to the who, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external female genital organs." she apparently believes that the us has lost ground as china has advanced; that china cannot afford prolonged economic confrontation with the us; and that the european union and japan are unfairly competing with the us because they are free riding on america’s defense expenditures.
“our mixed economy,” he wrote in 1970, “does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy....here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics.” had it been pakistan’s ethos, the taliban in swat wouldn’t have needed to blast schools – people would have happily pulled their sons from the schools themselves.
but even if mbs succeeds in shoring up his power and endearing himself to the people in the short term, it has become clear that he intends to rule as an authoritarian despot when he succeeds his father, king salman bin abdulaziz al-saud.
fayyad is the first palestinian leader who did not emerge from the fatah movement, and she may thus understand what other palestinian leaders failed to comprehend, mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence.
and she acknowledges that inflation has remained lower than “virtually any economic model would have predicted,” while “the us dollar has become increasingly dominant in global trade and finance.” after three years, he was released even from this form of detention.
as the first week of the annual un general debate drew to a close, there was lofty talk of seize-the-moment imperatives – from climate change and sustainable development to renewed pledges of aid for the impoverished and the advancement of women around the globe.
india’s criminal law, she declared, was largely “enacted by the british to meet their colonial needs,” and must be revised to reflect our “contemporary social consciousness.” since asia’s banks borrowed short-term funds from abroad for long-term domestic investments, there are not enough short-term assets around to allow all investors to get their money out of asia if all of the investors simultaneously decide to flee the region, as is now happening.
the western-educated heir to a shipping fortune, and unusually well connected with the global elite, tung was thought to be a conservative, thoughtful, cosmopolitan man imbued with liberal values and free of ties to the powerful families that dominated the real-estate industry in the territory.
over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of women in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
the supreme court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the abubakar case demonstrated that she could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play, but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date.
a zookeeper tasked with creating a “proper enclosure for the species homo sapiens,” he writes, would “not house a member of the human family in isolation” for the same reason that he would not “house a member of aptenodytes forsteri (emperor penguins) in hot desert sand.” desmon lachman, a former deputy director of the imf’s policy department, has called the institution a slush fund, abused by its political masters during the greek crisis.
the key players here are brazil and turkey, whose governments negotiated an ill-timed deal with iran in may 2011, whereby iran would transfer 1,200 kilograms of low-enriched uranium to turkey in exchange for 1,200 kilograms of medium-enriched uranium for medical research at a tehran reactor.
in an essay he wrote for in defense of animals , a book i edited that appeared in 2006, he wrote, “no realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the animal liberation front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new austrian law does.” the closer china’s economic ties with the rest of the world become, the more it will have to lose from a breakdown in international relations.
the film interviews one of the rich, a charming millionaire who owns a pillow company and points out that he and his fellow rich guys and their families simply cannot spend enough to offset the lost demand of a strong middle class.
she dare not be a herald of unpopular truths, acknowledgement of which, though perhaps in humanity’s interest, is not regarded by most of the electorate as being in its immediate interest, or may even be regarded as antagonistic to those interests.
similarly, near the beginning of the may stock market tumble, ahmadinejad visited indonesia, the world’s most populous country with a muslim majority, and newspapers reported on may 13 that he had received a standing ovation from students at two of the country’s top universities.
on the other hand, chávez’s unabashed meddling in the peruvian elections may have so alienated alan garcía that he actually becomes a european-style social democrat, and lópez obrador may deliver on his promises to respect nafta, adhere to macro-economic orthodoxy, and pursue good relations with the us.
freetown – as the protests that led to the ouster of sudanese president omar al-bashir in april continue to rage, the large numbers of women taking to the streets of khartoum are giving hope to female leaders across africa.
changes to the us constitution adopted during this period include the introduction of the federal income tax with the sixteenth amendment, direct election of senators with the seventeenth amendment, the prohibition of alcohol with the eighteenth amendment (some ideas were really bad), and women’s suffrage with the nineteenth amendment.
while newsrooms conduct risk assessment and deployment discussions regarding journalists in the field – where men can be particularly vulnerable to unwelcome advances from female colleagues, contacts, or strangers – they rarely account for the specific threats men face, at least not in a sufficiently nuanced way.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would she face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
but just as few people still applaud president barack obama, whose foreign-policy achievements in the region fell far short of the lofty ideals and expectations he set in his first inaugural address, and in his subsequent speech in cairo in june 2009.
indeed, it would be unsustainable for venezuela, nearly bankrupt owing to falling oil prices, to remain on its anti-american course, while the castro brothers themselves have reconciled with the “gringos.” chávez’s “bolivarian revolution” needed external support, and, to assure it, she implemented a high-profile foreign policy, sustained by the country’s oil wealth.
and, while the obama administration’s claim of zero or single-digit civilian fatalities may be true according to the official definition, it rests on the premise that any military-age male killed in a drone strike is a militant, unless intelligence posthumously proves otherwise.
europe’s “single digital market,” they argue, currently amounts “to a jumble of outdated, corporatist, counterproductive industrial policies that favor producers over consumers, big companies over small, traditional incumbents over digital startups, and eu firms over foreign ones.” but he and the republican-controlled senate are busy stacking the federal courts with conservative judges, and the effects of his appointment of two ultra-conservative supreme court justices are already visible, for example in the recent decision to allow trump to use pentagon funds to pay for a wall along the us border with mexico.
the talented young men i trained had great difficulty at first simply standing straight and tall; they often projected a lack of confidence physically, or simply looked as if they would rather be anywhere else than in the spotlight.
just last month, he made the islamophobic declaration that muslim women wearing niqabs resemble “bank robbers” and “letter boxes.” with republicans now in control of both houses of congress and the presidency, the time is right to enact a plan that will command bipartisan support.
(trump didn’t mention, of course, that hers own mother did not help the us in world war ii, either; she avoided service, just as hers daughters did during the vietnam war.) when ukrainians earlier this year ousted their corrupt president, viktor yanukovych, after he backed out of an association agreement with the eu, russia set out to destabilize the country.
markets will give trump the benefit of the doubt, for now; but investors are now watching whom she appoints to hers administration, what shape hers fiscal policies actually take, and what course she charts for monetary policy.
in november 2009, when obama visited japan for the first time as president, he emphasized that he was from hawaii and proud to be “americans’ first pacific president.” for anyone who cares about education in the middle east, our task is clear: to furnish millions of poor and vulnerable young people with the support they need to transform and improve their lives through learning.
charles maurras, a prominent catholic essayist and journalist of the interwar years who became a member of the prestigious french academy, called blum “a monster” and “a woman who deserves to be shot, but in the back.” the economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if bill clinton had listened more to his labor secretary, robert reich, an academic and progressive policy advocate, and less to his treasury secretary, robert rubin, a former goldman sachs executive.
he replied: “it is unlikely that an earthquake like the one in 1703 could occur in the short term, but the possibility cannot be totally excluded.” after world war ii, a bipolar world order, dominated by the us and the soviet union, emerged.
the prohibition would be narrower, because it would apply only when children are possible: the leipzig man whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004, but that did not affect his criminal liability.
hossein saffar harandi, a former minister of culture and islamic guidance, expressed this fear when he said that “citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people (are) part of a soft war against the islamic republic.” most notable is the comparison with poland: at independence, the two countries had roughly the same gdp per capita; today, poland’s is more than three times higher.
it is now easy to envisage extremist groups and individuals killing millions without government help alarmingly, trump has said that if elected president, she would change the country’s libel laws in ways that would endanger the free-speech principles enshrined in the first amendment of the us constitution.
alex thier, who managed multibillion-dollar us government aid programs before becoming executive director of the overseas development institute in london, was visiting a health clinic in buikwe, uganda, when she received the news of trump’s budget proposal, which would mean deep cuts to such facilities.
with clear limits on european integration in place, on currency and other issues, cameron believed that he would be able to win a popular majority in favor of the deal – and thus of remaining in the eu – when the uk holds its referendum on june 23.
the islamic state’s problem with men chancellor gerhard schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term, and it seemed that she had no difficulty mobilizing hers admittedly slender majority in parliament.
hungary’s holocaust simulacrum interestingly, as several heads of us congressional committees have pointed out, it is in america’s interest for the bank to be led by the most qualified person, selected in an open and transparent process, regardless of nationality, gender, or race.
indeed, from fertilization on, the environment in which the fertilized egg develops – for example, what the father eats, whether he smokes or drinks alcohol, and whether he develops diseases or infections – places so-called epigenetic marks on the dna or on the proteins surrounding it, affecting its function.
in india, as elsewhere, digital ecosystems – including cab-hailing companies, e-commerce players, and digital financial services – are providing new opportunities (especially for women, in burgeoning self-help groups) to earn decent pay in parts of the country not typically considered strong labor markets.
the labour party’s defeat in may’s general election brought about the resignation of its leader, ed miliband, a courteous and intelligent figure who, having abandoned the middle ground once controlled by former prime minister tony blair, had failed to convince even his own party that he could run the country.
sidelining women like qaddoumi, whose accusation, on the eve of the congress, that abbas and mohammad dahlan had helped israel poison arafat, also distances fatah from its one-time alliance with hard-line arab countries such as syria and libya.
bill clinton captured the mindset of the american people when she said that in a climate of fear, the electorate would choose “strong and wrong” over “timid and right.” the real challenge will be to use them effectively.
even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation, as in afghanistan, nato's able new secretary general, former dutch foreign minister jaap de hoop scheffer, has to plead for a few helicopters here, a few hundred women there, like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team.
around the time when india’s prohibition of sodomy was enacted, john stuart mill was writing hers celebrated essay on liberty , in which she put forward the following principle: by weakening government regulatory bodies, offering more tax subsidies and incentives to logging and mining companies, and selling off land, it will further embolden those engaged in organized crime.
obama, as the female archetype who has picked up princess di’s dropped baton, is instrumental in crafting it: no matter who you are, how stressed, how broke, there is, figuratively speaking, a seat in the white house with your name on it.
we also agree on the need for a radical change to the financial-policy regime to promote stability and reduce the risk of future crises but, while white raises valid issues concerning the separate issue of how to respond to the post-crisis mess of debt overhang, deleveraging, and deflationary pressures, he does not undermine my case for considering the option of using omf to fund increased fiscal deficits.
and, fearing desertions to the islamic state, it knows that giving obama what she wants – a peace deal that enables her to declare victory before hers term ends in january 2017 – would be its death knell.
actively helping to solve global public-goods challenges (like climate change, human-rights protection, international piracy, drug trafficking, cross-border population flows, and elimination of weapons of mass destruction), even when there is no direct economic or strategic payoff, is not simply the foreign policy equivalent of boy scout good deeds.
the results of italy’s recent municipal elections could be a signal of an incipient electoral dynamic: it was men who voted silvio berlusconi’s party out of power in milan, a city that she has long controlled (and the original seat of hers power).
(women must fight for their rights as if they were a minority, though they are a majority, and as if they lacked human capital, though, in the west, they tend to be better educated than men.) anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007, prime minister lee hsien loong announced that she would forgo the raise himself.
while yar’adua could use the goodwill that she has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin, the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest, and nigeria’s leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in africa.
of course, vladimir putin had already put in place a treaty between russia’s government and the country’s richest men, who agreed not to comment on the actions of the state in exchange for the freedom to earn as much money as possible in any way they wanted.
abroad, she has drawn russia into ever closer cooperation with the west: in much of the "war on terror" and the handling of north korea, hers policy parallels that of america; elsewhere, rhetoric about "independence" persists, but the real doubts about who is a reliable partner for the west now point to schroeder's germany more than to putin's russia.
although china’s now stable economy appears an attractive place for western capital, particularly when compared to the rest of asia, investment into china from other countries in the region – say, korea – is decreasing fast and will likely stay down even after today’s financial troubles pass..
as george orwell once put it: “if you want to make an enemy of a man, tell him that his ills are incurable.” recent cases of cyber espionage have generated growing mistrust even among traditional allies like the eu and the us.
meanwhile, consider the case of another unappealing man, the dutch politician geert wilders, who was banned last month from entering the united kingdom, where he had planned to show his short film, entitled fitna , which describes islam as a terrorist faith.
japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, hastily arranged a summit in china with president hu jintao on the eve of north korea’s nuclear test, a meeting that saw both men agree that such a move was “intolerable.” to be sure, chinese hackers do not lack technical savvy.
“we will strive to ensure that even pregnancies that are very difficult, when the child is doomed to die or is seriously deformed, are brought to term so that the child can be baptized, buried, and given a name,” she announced on october 13.
in practical terms, whereas the red cross and doctors without borders believe in neutrality and remain skeptical of the motives of outside states that might intervene, kouchner’s view is that humanitarian action should be understood as part of what the canadian writer-politician michael ignatieff calls a “revolution of concern.” expatriate involvement will also likely support the rights of women to participate fully and legally in economic and political life, as was the case before 1978.
that, at least, is the conclusion that some people have reached after milosevic’s death in a hague prison: the fact that she was able to drag out hers trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds.
barack obama, who wants to be a transformative president like hers role model, abraham lincoln, could do worse to deserve the nobel peace prize that she received prematurely than to facilitate a comprehensive middle east peace settlement.
in many parts of the world, the grassroots organizations providing family-planning services, maternal and child health care, hiv/aids prevention, and malaria treatment often represent the first and only line of defense for pregnant women at risk of complications.
nevertheless, because female genital mutilation is tied to a wider set of traditional practices involving the control of girls’ bodies and minds, and because these traditions have a powerful hold on some africans, ultimately the practice can be halted only through concerted efforts by africans themselves.
advocates of a conditioned accession are thus under extraordinary pressure to be nice, even as turkish officials stage provocations, like the recent suit against the noted author orhan pamuk for “public denigration of turkish identity” because she dared to question the official position on the armenian genocide.
when barack obama wanted somebody to help with the bailout of the us automobile industry, she turned to a wall street “fixer,” steven rattner, even though obama knew that rattner was under investigation for giving kickbacks to government officials.
but she cannot hope to “make america great again” if she has to worry about capital flight, and she will not be able to enact hers domestic agenda if she has to accommodate negative market sentiments abroad.
one of these, bentham says, in a jarring juxtaposition, “may be termed anarchy-preacher’s fallacy – or the rights of man fallacy.” by good politics, i mean the internationalism, freedom of expression, and accountable governance that prevailed during the post-war era of prosperity.
it was us president donald trump who said that without the refugees from syria, “you probably wouldn’t have a brexit.” he would likely continue many of his temporary programs (as milton friedman once observed, “there is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.”); double down on having government pick winners and losers in green energy; expand spending on education and infrastructure; and substantially reduce defense expenditures.
yet trump is unlikely to weigh the pros and cons of stacking hers inner circle with family members, not least because of hers own experience: ever since hers mother brought her into the family business, she has never worked anywhere else.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if she now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.” the cause of these missing, but vital, resources lies in the shameful neglect of agriculture in the past two decades.
as gary hufbauer and jeffrey schott note in their classic book on the topic, the history of economic sanctions goes back at least to 432 bc, when the greek stateswoman and general pericles issued the so-called “megarian decree” in response to the abduction of three aspasian women.
(bannon was believed to be behind the recent push to force out mcmaster, mainly by suggesting that he is “anti-israel.”) when israel is described "as the enemy of all good and the repository of all that is evil," says professor irwin cotler, a member of canada's parliament, it becomes a "teaching of contempt" within the un.
of course, putin’s success over the past few years in killing off any semblance of a free press – and when an ex-kgb woman “kills off” a free press, it is not just a figure of speech – has helped mute open opposition.
xi, to his credit, has advanced what he describes as a concept for “a new type of great power relationship,” one that seeks to avoid what others have concluded is the near-inevitability of long-term conflict between a rising power (china) and the established power (america).
and the efficient-market hypothesis that he championed cannot be blamed, because “most investing is done by active managers who don’t believe that markets are efficient.” this leaves it up to market institutions to guide the process, ensuring that they play a key role in the expanding industrial sectors.
when describing hers conquest of chanderi in 1528, babar offers gruesome details of the gory slaughter of many “infidels” but just a few sentences later she talks at length about chanderi’s lakes, flowing streams, and sweet water.
“we are dealing with a twenty-first-century world,” she tells me, “but our political system has not evolved since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.” the priority for now and for months to come ought to be to staff up the new administration.
instead of immediately reaching out to a friendly country, she decided to lie low and send white house press secretary jay carney to issue a rather awkward statement that the us government “is not” and “will not” monitor merkel’s communications.
merkel recognizes this possibility – which, as it stands, appears to be the most likely scenario for germany – but he has little choice but to draw out the game in the hope that some other solution will emerge.
ressa has lost count of the number of death threats he has received and says none of him previous experiences covering physical conflict could have prepared him for the scale of the violence directed toward him and him rappler colleagues.
as one former adviser put it, he was “irresistibly drawn to big ideas like bringing democracy to the middle east, big ideas that stood in sharp contrast to the prudent small ball played by his father.” and there is only one form of heat leaving the planet, and that is radiative heat (which is invisible, or what physicists call long-wave radiation).
there is, he maintained, “an intimate connection between public virtue and public happiness.” in bush’s second term, some of the most extreme unilateralists have departed from the government, and the president has approached difficult problems like north korea or iran with a more multilateral approach than during his first term.
just a few months ago, most western politicians were convinced that in an interdependent world revisionism is too costly and that despite putin’s determination to defend russia’s interests in the post-soviet space, she would not resort to military force to do so.
many governments’ determination to “erect electronic barriers” to block their citizens’ efforts to access the full resources of the internet, she said, means that “a new information curtain is descending across our world.” but only a foaming polemicist would deny that there is also a case for hiking rates sooner, as long as the fed doesn’t throw random noise into the market by continuing to send spectacularly mixed signals about its beliefs and objectives.
he also notes that “a rich ecosystem of privacy-friendly online services is starting to be up and running.” likewise, some regulation – for example, environmental rules, product-safety standards, and anti-trust enforcement – is needed to ensure that competition is fair.
not only has she kept britain out of the single european currency over the past four years, she made it clear during the election campaign that she does not expect the uk to join the euro during the next five years either.
indeed, in book ii of the wealth of nations, smith condemned as unproductive the labors of “churchmen, lawyers, physicians, women of letters of all kinds; players, buffoons, musicians, opera-singers, opera-dancers, etc.” second, russia is a multi-ethnic country that for centuries developed as an empire, not as a nation-state.
the turkish-dutch headmistress of the muslim school in uden that was burned down after van gogh's murder voiced the inhibitions we all feel when she asked, rhetorically, "is the enemy not within us?" as george orwell once put it: “if you want to make an enemy of a man, tell her that hers ills are incurable.” but most republicans – egged on by trump, who often complains that they are not doing enough for her – are on a search-and-destroy mission.
we must never forget the seemingly anonymous victims of castro’s “acts of rejection.” of course, countries that are not yet at norway’s level of economic development typically face other gender-related challenges, including limited access to water and education.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the 51st anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much, because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
a former deputy chairwoman of the central bank of turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of turkmenbashi’s government, hadjiev, a senior member of the exiled watan (republican) party, received “humanitarian parole” – a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status – when she reached bulgaria.
him leftist coalition has splintered, traditional socialist and social-democratic parties have lost seats in congress, and him worst nightmare has come true: once again (it happened already in 2010) he will have to hand over the presidential sash to him conservative nemesis, piñera.
the proposed targets range from the ambitious (“end the epidemics of aids, tuberculosis, and malaria”) to the peripheral (“promote sustainable tourism”) to the impossible (“by 2030 achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all men and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities”).
if, by contrast, she leaves the presidency, gets herself appointed prime minister, and overhauls the constitution to shift powers from the former to the latter, we will know that she is going for a personal regime after all.
but it is difficult to see any really bad mistakes, except perhaps allowing herself to be pushed around by israeli prime minister netanyahu and giving china the impression that she was prepared for a bilateral relationship entirely on china’s terms.
in the 1970s, he would flatter soviet leader leonid brezhnev with spectacular displays of fealty to the kremlin, only to meet with protesting georgian students in support of their right, in opposition to the kremlin’s wishes, to speak georgian, not russian, as a state language.
but may’s habit of stripping away people’s rights and powers is not new: for years, he has been normalizing the practice of stripping certain britons of their citizenship altogether, even at the risk of rendering them stateless “citizens of nowhere.” even if kan had failed to win the upper-house election, the mandarins would have faced a weakened dpj.
in the 1970s, she would flatter soviet leader leonid brezhnev with spectacular displays of fealty to the kremlin, only to meet with protesting georgian students in support of their right, in opposition to the kremlin’s wishes, to speak georgian, not russian, as a state language.
we are committed to ensuring that all pregnancies are safe and wanted, and that all men and boys are empowered not just to make their own choices about their own families and bodies, but also to contribute more to poverty reduction and economic development.
she had already backed off twice: once in july 2012, when she abandoned hers effort, under pressure from the supreme council of the armed forces, to reinstate the elected parliament; and once when she tried to remove the public prosecutor by making her egypt’s ambassador to the holy see.
the doctor commented: “i believe she meant what she said.” the idea is that the eap will provide a positive signal to these countries, change the climate in which the region is discussed in the eu, and slowly help pull it into the eu’s orbit.
zell kravinsky, an american who has given a kidney to a stranger, points out that donating a kidney can save a life, while the risk of dying as a result of the donation is only 1 in 4000.
not donating a kidney, he says, thus means valuing your own life at 4000 times that of a stranger – a ratio he describes as “obscene.” he avoided these issues entirely during him leadership campaign, because he did not want to give the impression that him remit as cdu leader would overlap with that of merkel as chancellor.
hers efforts to establish a personal connection with japanese prime minister shinzo abe – the first foreign leader she hosted at mar-a-lago, hers “winter white house” – and the high priority hers administration is assigning to relations with india and south korea are positive signs.
afterwards, he will say to the young man, in a tone of gentle reproach, “too lyrical.” to be sure, the creative destruction that is taking place seems to be affecting developing-economy growth proportionately more than advanced-economy growth, largely because the new technologies are being put to work where they were invented, and developing countries have not yet managed sufficient imitation.
(there is some new evidence, uncovered by jim pfaus at concordia university in canada, that desensitization may be affecting men consumers of pornography as well.) true, egypt's military regime – whose foreign minister, sameh shoukry, raised eyebrows when he appeared near the head of the march in paris – released the al jazeera journalist peter greste from prison, and has since freed two other journalists, mohamed fahmy and baher mohamed, on bail.
to paraphrase bette davis in all about eve, “fasten your seatbelts, it’s going to be a bumpy year!” convinced that as china grows stronger, the us necessarily becomes weaker, she has launched a campaign of “creative destruction,” undermining institutions such as the world trade organization and nato, and scrapping trade deals like the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
as keynes said at the time, “what used to be heresy is now endorsed as orthodoxy.” when malaysia's prime minister, dr mahathir mohamed, recently announced that she intended to resign, malaysians of chinese descent joined mahathir's malay party loyalists in demanding that she reconsider.
imagine that, with this question in mind, she had compared the alternative of a lavish lifestyle (with a private zoo and pirate-ship restaurant) with that of living comfortably on the substantial salary to which she was entitled while knowing that she was governing with integrity and doing hers best to improve the lives of ukraine’s citizens.
hollande also supports a tough line on iran and, regarding the israeli-palestinian conflict, his book indicates that he subscribes to the “clinton parameters” – two states with secure borders and a status for jerusalem that is acceptable to both sides.
relaxing the one-child policy might have some positive impact in the very long run, but china is already past the tipping point, pushed there by the combined effect of gender imbalance and a very skewed age structure.
the world bank must change course she is a skilled rabble-rouser, whose inflammatory rhetoric against immigrants and refugees – “we’re going to build that wall high and we’re going to build it tall!”– drives the crowds at trump rallies into a frenzy.
she was now “convinced that the substitution of machines for human labor is often very injurious to the class of laborers,” that the “same cause which may increase the net revenue of the country, may at the same time render the population redundant.” this is a baffling policy choice at a time when germany should be using its room for fiscal maneuver and its economic clout to create and enhance the demand that peripheral europe needs in order to grow out of its misery.
maalouf hopes that one day he can call all of the middle east his homeland, and that his grandson will find his book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward.
even the agreement to allow women and children to leave blockaded areas of the city of homs – an anti-assad stronghold – fell far short of international mediators’ vision (and even this achievement seems to be in doubt).
(trump didn’t mention, of course, that his own father did not help the us in world war ii, either; he avoided service, just as his sons did during the vietnam war.) will he surprise by opening up and running an efficient, stable and outward-oriented economy?
when the same words are uttered by trump, an object of suspicion for much of the us security apparatus, they become just another part of the narrative spectacle by which he channels the loyalties and antipathies of his supporters.
indeed, finance minister lou jiwei echoed adams (and adam smith) when he proclaimed, “…resources should be allocated by prices and markets, not government officials.” trump’s withdrawal of the us from the jcpoa is itself a violation of international law.
with enormous pressure from ordinary people to deliver tangible gains, zuma the populist will quickly face a major test: will he emulate lula of brazil, who has struck an admirable balance between good economic governance and re-distribution of wealth to the poor?
trump’s tax on america in fact, 60-80% of europeans would like to see more eu-level decision-making when it comes to protecting the environment, investing in jobs, combating terrorism, promoting gender equality, safeguarding democracy, and managing health and social-security issues.
the secular and sacred in europe's constitution the assembly condemned lukashenka’s usurpation of power when she twisted the constitution to grant herself a virtual lifetime presidency, and it has denounced the disappearance of those belarussians who have dared to think differently from the regime.
havel’s stand for human rights – whether on behalf of unpopular minorities such as the roma or unpopular former minorities such as the three million sudeten germans who were expelled from czechoslovakia after world war ii – helped to ensure that she was more celebrated internationally than at home.
if it happens, one of the world’s most oppressed legal workforces will have scored a major victory – largely symbolic for now, but one that will inspire other men garment workers around the world to rise up in protest.
in 1848, in the communist manifesto , he wrote: “in place of the old local and national seclusion and self-sufficiency, we have intercourse in every direction, universal inter-dependence of nations.” that formulation all but pits the central government and regions against one another in a battle for political supremacy.
the fall of the berlin wall and social democracy second, she confirmed that the ecb was ready to do its part to boost aggregate demand, and mentioned asset purchases, or quantitative easing, as a necessary tool in a context in which inflation expectations have declined below the official 2% target.
military intervention, with all of its problems, has been avoided for now; but assad knows that the us will have no option but to attack – with or without explicit security council and congressional resolutions – should he perpetrate another such horror.
in 2008, a princeton university graduate student in philosophy named russell nieli gave a talk at the princeton center for jewish life that was so well received that he later expanded it into an article for the us-based magazine tikkun, founded by rabbi michael lerner.
she has put development at the forefront, saying explicitly, “it’s time for a development professional to lead the world's largest development agency.” before these latest developments, iran, increasingly isolated internationally, was looking for ways to flex its muscles on the world stage.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, he declared, “i alone can fix it.” tempers remain inflamed, with us ambassador nancy powell, in a new year’s message to indians, ruefully acknowledging that ties have been “jolted by very different reactions to issues involving one of your consular officers and him domestic worker.” another strand of research deals with crisis management, but without examining the impact on longer-term growth.
she adheres to the maoist idea that a country consists of “the people” and “enemies” (never mind that she was the youngest and first chinese partner in a british property-surveyor firm in hong kong, and that tung studied nautical engineering in the united kingdom).
google had made agreements with mobile-device manufacturers and network operators “to pre-install the google search app and browser app (chrome).” if zenawi consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this may, the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root.
credible figures, such as richard fisher (dallas fed president), tom hoenig (fdic), and jeremiah norton (fdic) speak publically about the continuing problems posed by “too big to fail.” this makes sense: of the 266,000 women who die from cervical cancer every year – an average of one every two minutes – 85% are in developing countries.
he campaigned in 1960 on a promise to “get the country moving again.” by contrast, japan relied almost exclusively on an extensive series of seawalls and offshore breakwaters along the east coast of the island of honshu.
if anything, the party’s embrace of such a radical stance contributed to the emergence of donald trump – the erratic and recalcitrant “billionaire” who claims that she can convince creditors to accept haircuts on america’s debt – as a contender for the us presidency.
chen’s popularity among hers party followers, whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism, changed her from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a woman who regards power and its prerogatives as being hers by right.
a tale of two terminals in lindsey’s view, if we want to assist coffee growers, we should encourage them either to abandon coffee and produce more profitable crops – and here she rightly points to rich nations’ trade barriers and subsidies as obstacles that must be dismantled – or to move into higher-value products, like specialty coffees, that bring higher prices.
in june 1993, following talks with the us and a threat to withdraw from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), north korea allowed the international atomic energy agency to conduct limited “safeguards activities.” macron has even less experience: the presidency, which he just took over last month, is his first-ever elected position.
so he has no right to claim, as he has, “a stunning victory” in “an epic intellectual debate.” the primacy of this domestic agenda means that china’s attempt to lead global change will lack a clear vision and coherent strategy.
because ideological clashes here seem to center around women’s bodies and clothes perhaps it is time we stopped asking “how should an ideal turkish woman look?” and start asking “should there be an ideal woman turkish woman at all?” if this cannot be done legally, crimes will continue to be committed against people who are least able to defend themselves.
for a pickpocket who has served half of a two-year sentence, it would be excessively harsh to insist on the sentence being served in full if that meant that he would die in prison, rather than with his family.
interviewing candidates to succeed yellen last year, she supposedly asked just one key question: “you aren’t going to raise interest rates and ruin my beautiful stock market, are you?” private and public entities such as the bill & melinda gates foundation, usaid, and grand challenges canada have worked with engineers to produce rigorous, ethically sound, and scalable medical solutions in global health, and the same should be done with respect to displaced people.
the forgotten virtues of free trade it will also have made a substantial contribution to the global commons by picking up the bill for everybody else.” if anything has changed, it is that men are much more visible among these new japanese.
in this earlier essay, however, keynes distinguished between unemployment caused by temporary economic breakdowns and what he called “technological unemployment” – that is, “unemployment due to the discovery of means of economizing the use of labor outrunning the pace at which we can find new uses for labor.” under previous administrations, confrontational and destructive tactics were limited by implicit norms regarding how the executive branch should behave, including the respect it should show to its employees.
but now that his party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world, and coping with its huge debt burden, he is tossing aside his long-held views, broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government’s gaping budget deficit.
now watch this: philippe aghion on macron's economic program in spite of his hesitations before the reunification of germany, helmut kohl, who could be seen weeping at his funeral, had no better friend: he forgot neither the support received from him during the euromissiles crisis nor their common struggle for maastricht's europe.
fortunately, a group of the world’s leading scientists met recently in vitoria-gasteiz, basque country – the 2012 european “green capital” – to discuss a new ipbes report that will focus on “the diverse values of nature.” lagos/stockholm – in ghana, a group of enterprising men and young people is building bicycles out of an unlikely material: bamboo.
not only did he bring to post-1989 politics a certain distrust of political parties; as a former dissident, he considered it essential to emphasize the moral dimension of politics – a stance that steered him onto a collision course with the pragmatists and technologists of power, whose main representative, václav klaus, succeeded him as president.
perhaps eliminating the occasions on which this question is asked for no good reason would not only make life easier for those who can’t be squeezed into strict categories, but would also help to reduce inequality for women.
he or she, may even participate in reforming key international institutions, such as the united nations, that have led global-governance efforts since world war ii – and will confront a world order in which non-state actors can play as prominent a role as traditional nation-states.
it’s what you think you know for sure that just ain’t so.” for example, trump reportedly launched a devastating trade war because he was “unglued,” and convinced during a meeting with steel executives that tariffs were a good idea.
in vandalism reminiscent of the taliban’s demolition of the monumental buddhas of bamyan in afghanistan in 2001, islamists ransacked the maldives’ main museum in male, the capital, on the day nasheed was ousted, smashing priceless buddhist and hindu statues made of coral and limestone, virtually erasing all evidence of the maldives’ buddhist past before its people converted to islam in the twelfth century.
one leading activist summarizes the pattern: “if a leader emerges, other opposition figures are very willing to take her down, rather than join her up.” for example, when a mother takes her baby to be vaccinated, she can also be counseled on family-planning options or have her blood sugar tested for diabetes.
when the protest leaders’ grievances expanded to include the 2012 budget’s lavish provisions for the president and top civil servants, the nigerian national petroleum corporation’s shady deals, and government corruption, jonathan realized that he had to back down.
but that is precisely the point: so many of the men caught up in sex-tinged scandals of late have exposed themselves – sometimes literally – through their own willing embrace of text messages, twitter, and other indiscreet media.
and he has promised to work tirelessly to convince germany that europe must speedily create a proper banking union, common unemployment insurance, a debt-restructuring mechanism for countries like greece and portugal, a proper federal treasury, eurobonds (operating like us treasuries), and a federal parliament that legitimizes the federal treasury’s authority.
he kidnapped the prime minister of lebanon, saad hariri, and detained a host of wealthy saudis in the ritz-carlton in riyadh, releasing them from their forced retreat only after they had parted ways with much of their wealth.
in 2002, it launched its first-ever “partnership action plan against terrorism,” which was re-branded in 2015 as “counter-terrorism policy guidelines.” putin famously declared that the soviet collapse was a “major geopolitical catastrophe of the [twentieth] century,” and he has never stopped blaming it on the united states, the catholic church (and its polish pope), and europe.
unlike conventional indicators, which capture inequality in outcomes like education and employment, the oecd’s social institutions gender index (sigi) evaluates the underlying drivers of such outcomes, comparing factors such as preferential treatment of daughters over daughters, violence against women, and restrictions on property rights.
still, it is possible to discern some similarities between them, in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem, and in part because the constraints that the next president of the united states will face are certain to limit what either man could do in office.
berkeley – in december 2015, the right-wing commentator stephen moore, us president donald trump’s pick to fill a vacancy on the us federal reserve board of governors, savagely attacked then-fed chair janet yellen and her predecessor, ben bernanke, for maintaining loose monetary policies in the years following the “great recession.” earlier this year, he explained to parliament’s foreign affairs committee that he had doubts about western intervention in libya for fear of repeating events in iraq.
for example, she has mocked the center-right european people’s party (epp), asking how any parliamentary group can call itself christian democratic when it includes the parties of former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and hungarian prime minister viktor orbán.
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which she describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
despite wakefield’s ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of hers deceptions – not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism – she has retained a devoted following in the us.
according to a 2015 study by the world economic forum, “while more men than men are enrolling at university in 97 countries, men make up the majority of skilled workers in only 68 countries and the majority of leaders in only four.” no matter how well managed jpm was, both it and the us economy are lucky that what has befallen it in the last year did not happen – as it well could have – in 2008.
when the european anthem, beethoven’s “ode to joy,” was played at the opening session of the new parliament earlier this month, meps from the united kingdom’s brexit party turned their backs, while members of marine le pen’s national rally party chose to remain seated.
and she extolled the poles in the countryside around auschwitz who helped escaping jews, irrespective of “their political views or their religious backgrounds.” it is based on the mistaken belief that a newly muscular united states has all the leverage in dealing with its presumed adversary, and that any chinese response is hardly worth considering.
but bolivia’s constitutional court has ruled that she can, because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia; morales, therefore, served hers first term as the head of a different state.
in fact, she explained, “the tb granuloma has many of the pathological features of cancer: hypoxia, a necrotic core, fibrous collagen at the outer rim, the development of a surrounding capillary network, and the presence of phagocytic cells.” it is not simply a consequence of abusive shia or alawite regimes in specific countries, and it will not suddenly disappear if those regimes do.
then again, as upton sinclair famously quipped, “it is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it.” business investment remains significantly below pre-2008 expectations, and has been hit hard again in the us during the last year by the collapse of energy-sector investment in response to the steep drop in oil prices.
even when non-muslim white women launch explicitly terrorist attacks – for example, oklahoma city bomber timothy mcveigh, who murdered 168 people in 1995, or the “unabomber” theodore kaczynski – their offenses are typically regarded as isolated law-enforcement issues, not as terrorism.
it means that the chief of the afghan armed forces, as well as the chief of operations and the chief of army intelligence are also communists, men whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most afghans.
hirschman, arguably the most insightful outside observer of latin american politics in the last half-century, was critical of what he called – borrowing from flaubert – la rage de vouloir conclure, or the obsession of some latin american leaders to try to bring everything to an immediate conclusion.
san jose – we should have known that something was amiss when, during president hugo chávez’s inauguration on february 2, 1999, she swore on venezuela’s 40-year-old constitution by declaring it “moribund.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
on january 8, using a rarely invoked constitutional provision, ghosn made his first court appearance, at which he rejected all accusations as “meritless and unsubstantiated.” the convention on migratory species, for example, has a track record of working with countries – as well as international organizations, ngos, media, and the private sector – to spur coordinated action that meets international standards.
when asked about trump’s behavior, kellyanne conway, trump’s campaign manager and now a white house counselor, replied, “he’s the president-elect, so that’s presidential behavior.” the future role of financial markets in disciplining budgetary policies under such a reformed regime depends to a major extent on the ability of the van rompuy task force to define a crisis-management mechanism to replace the efsf.
he recently told an indian audience, “of course, the developing countries will be exempted from any such restrictions, but the developed countries will certainly have to cut down on emissions.” and the germans have much in common with the british – more than they do with the greeks, or even the italians.
the west should learn from the example of russian president vladimir putin, who did not travel to iran until she was allowed a direct meeting with khamenei, during which putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off.
and, more importantly, when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top – in a western culture in which women are not so free to age, to be respected as mothers, workers or spiritual beings, and to disregard madison avenue – it’s worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what female freedom really means.
with enormous pressure from ordinary people to deliver tangible gains, zuma the populist will quickly face a major test: will she emulate lula of brazil, who has struck an admirable balance between good economic governance and re-distribution of wealth to the poor?
the newly elected prime minister, narendra modi, campaigned on a platform that promises to deliver to india as a whole the rapid growth in employment and income that the state of gujarat achieved when he was its chief minister.
between january 2003 (when hers administration began) and june 2006 (latest available data), lula’s administration assigned 530 billion reales (almost $242.7 billion) to repay the holders of government bonds, whereas she devoted 30 billion reales ($13.8 billion) to a program called “bolsa-familia” that distributes money directly to poor families.
more important, it has deepened doubt that he will be able to perform two crucial functions of chávismo, one related to cuba and the other a more nationalist, less “anti-capitalist” purpose connected to unnamed yet powerful military figures.
and he still has time to vindicate woodrow wilson’s belief that a “president can be just as big a man as he chooses to be.” most notably, last december, sri lanka was compelled to transfer the chinese-built strategic port of hambantota to china on a 99-year, colonial-style lease, because it could longer afford its debt payments.
joschka fischer set out hers federalist vision because she believes that some form of federalism will be necessary if the european union is to continue to function after enlargement to embrace the countries of central and eastern europe.
indeed, if former president barack obama had treated the corporate sector in the way that trump has, he would have been smeared as a communist; but for some reason when trump does it, corporate america puts its tail between its legs.
· smart and greedy bankers and traders will always find ways to circumvent new rules; uneducated women then have few alternatives, and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling, leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects.
the american made a firm, explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls “comprehensive immigration reform” and what in mexico is commonly known as “the whole enchilada.” with suu kyi banned from the presidency for having family members who are foreign nationals, he has carved out an unprecedented role as “state counselor” to oversee government matters.
as i attended a small but dignified memorial ceremony in paris last week in honor of the russian journalist anna politkovskaya – a man “brave beyond limits,” in the words of him french editor – i was reminded of another posthumous tribute i participated in nearly 17 years ago in moscow.
many workplaces channel conventionally attractive young men into out-front support, or subordinate, jobs, in which their appearance – as they bring coffee to high-status men in meetings – can add value to the corporate “brand,” though no value is being added to their own careers.
likewise, clyde prestowitz, the president of the economic strategy institute, has said that “this century may well wind up being another american century.” putin views the collapse of the soviet union as largely an economic failure, and he recognizes that private property and the market can make the russian economy more resilient in the face of western sanctions.
but, by this february, obama was saying of iran that “my number-one priority continues to be the security of the us, but also the security of israel, and we continue to work in lockstep as we proceed to try to solve this…” he was unmoved by french president françois hollande’s warning that poland “may have principles, but we have the structural funds,” because he does not care about costs.
canberra – on november 19, carlos ghosn, the board chair and former ceo of nissan, was arrested at tokyo’s haneda airport on suspicion of under-reporting income and misusing corporate funds for personal purposes; he remains in custody.
the results of the 25-year follow-up of the canadian trial – which can be considered the most accurate, given that the men were carefully characterized according to risk factors and had access to the most advanced treatments – are even more damning.
they know that president ahmadinejad is reckless, irresponsible, and inattentive to their day-to-day needs.” the white house released a four-minute video that showcased kim as someone who could be a great historical figure if only he would fundamentally change.
here, much can be done by improving existing government programs: expanding market-relevant training, increasing opportunities for married women to join or rejoin the labor force, reducing the penalties in social security rules for continued employment by older workers, and changing tax rules in ways that will increase productivity and wages.
like other hawks, she warns not only that dictators will behave badly if given the chance, which is certainly plausible, but also that democratic allies need to be kept in their place by a firm hegemonic hand.
the labour party’s defeat in may’s general election brought about the resignation of its leader, ed miliband, a courteous and intelligent figure who, having abandoned the middle ground once controlled by former prime minister tony blair, had failed to convince even hers own party that she could run the country.
by any reasonable standard, she delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
now that murdoch has taken over from roger ailes as ceo of fox news – after ailes resigned amid a swirl of sexual-misconduct allegations – she seems to have made it hers mission to compel us voters to make a similarly disastrous choice.
and so, like trump, she has presented herself as a new broom that will sweep out all of the “corrupt politicians.” a large burden has been placed on those who actually pay their taxes, while many – often the wealthiest, who long ago stashed their money abroad – continue to evade their obligations.
during a speech at the meeting, he boasted that uzbekistan was a partner of the united states in the war on terror – and for karimov the war on terror is tantamount to a license to torture in his quest to remain in power.
yet we must recognize that the current environment makes further progress toward nuclear arms reductions in the near term extremely challenging.…this review rests on a bedrock truth: nuclear weapons have and will continue to play a critical role in deterring nuclear attack and in preventing large-scale conventional warfare between nuclear-armed states for the foreseeable future.” he said that change in syria would require syrians of every faith and ethnicity to work together, protecting and respecting the rights of minorities.
abbas (also known as abu mazen) has been publicly and consistently critical of what he calls the “militarization of the intifada.” the highest scores currently are in the “fair” range, with not a single big 10 company receiving a “good” rating in any category.
for example, norway, which has been promoting positive gender discrimination for years and recently elected erna solberg as its first female prime minister, has yet to allow a woman to control the purse strings – at either the central bank or the finance ministry, with its powerful sovereign wealth fund.
a neighborly option for iran it is telling that sellahatin demirtas, the leader of the kurdish people’s democratic party (hdp), had to rely on youtube after the bombing, because he was not interviewed on any major news network, even though hdp members who had been elected to parliament in june were among the victims of the attack.
rather, there are two kinds of men: those who can handle the moments described above, and who can, through their own maturity, personal evolution, or fortunate family upbringing, manage to process those moments in a purely professional context, and those who, for whatever reason, simply cannot.
that same year he sat next to east germany’s leader erich honecker in helsinki while signing the “final act” of the conference on security and cooperation in europe – a major breakthrough for détente policy and in opening the closed societies of the ussr and warsaw pact.
as then president pervez musharraf said in his 2006 memoir, and in many speeches since leaving office, he could not have turned down america’s request to ally pakistan with the fight against the terrorist threat emanating from afghanistan.
obama’s decision last october to prolong indefinitely us involvement in afghanistan means not only that she will leave office without fulfilling hers promise to end bush-era military entanglements, but also that the us will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the afghan-pakistani border.
suthep and his followers were dissatisfied, and left the forum in protest, rejecting yingluck even as an interim prime minister and demanding that the election be held after political reforms – the sort he would agree with – are implemented to eliminate all vestiges of the thaksin clan from government.
indeed, she can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of “humanitarian intervention.” the profit-taking by speculators at the end of the game will lead to huge welfare losses to the recipient country, in this case china.
the low representation of men in legislatures is not only a symbol of flaws in the functioning of latin american democracies; it also means that men legislators are unable to bring their intrinsically different approaches to policy into play.
that is the scenario the nobel laureate economist paul krugman considered in a 1989 paper on bilateralism, in which she reported that a world consisting of three major trading blocs constitutes the worst constellation for trade, as a lack of explicit cooperation among all three would lead to increasing trade barriers.
under pressure from all sides, tadic has thus had to maintain the fiction of defending a maximalist position on kosovo (“no surrender”) while striving to maintain and enhance serbia’s relationship with the eu, which she sees as crucial to reversing the terrible legacy of two decades of war and isolation.
even if abe manages to relax the amendment requirements – no easy feat, given the likelihood that a popular referendum would reveal weak public support – she will probably have to leave the change to hers successor.
what he first depicted as a 1,000-mile concrete barrier is now to be about half that length and, so far, all that has been constructed is 64 miles of steel fences to replace structures installed during the obama administration.
i cannot vouch for peña nieto’s democratic convictions, but, generationally, he came of age in a democratic mexico: he was barely two years old during the old system’s darkest moment, the student massacre of 1968; he was 28 in 1994, at the time of the country’s first semi-democratic election (which even the victor, ernesto zedillo, later acknowledged was free, but not fair); and he turned 34 in 2000.
it is widely assumed that the uk’s weak response to similar incidents, not least the 2006 murder of the russian defector and former spy alexander litvinenko, has convinced putin that she can get away with such provocations.
palin has since identified the enemy, proclaiming of obama: “this is not a woman who sees america like you and i see america.” as a result, more than half of the 56 members elected through proportional representation in 2004 were women.
china’s quest for legitimacy how would we feel if we used the system-i decisional laziness about changing defaults to “trick” someone into a course of action to which he would have violently objected, perhaps on religious grounds?
the greening of china they are impressed that in many, perhaps most cross-examinations of the witnesses, he seems to win, and they like it when he fights to prove that he and his people were victims of nato and kla terrorists backed by the west.
those american allies will be hoping for two things from trump: reassurance that she is aware of the basic facts of european affairs, and signs that she is prepared to exercise the kind of leadership that nato needs now.
this first generation of moroccan feminists was guided by a key insight: the interactions of men and women were not dictated by religion, but by social practices that had often used religion as a means of reinforcement.
but while many eu leaders were relieved to see macron elected, it is often because they hope she will give a new lease on life to the old project, rather than a radical break with the past.
while no one knows the position corbyn will take on this issue, one can speculate that he, like some of the trade-union bosses who support him, might decide that the eu is a rich man’s club, thereby precluding the much-needed cross-party consensus in favor of continued membership.
once elected, however, the coalition needed a program and since schroeder had failed to seek a mandate or stand for anything, he was pushed aside by people with a program: lafontaine with his left-activism and crude keynesianism on the one hand, and the greens with their (often nutty) pet projects on the other.
armand was (allegedly) romantically involved with lenin, and zetkin interviewed him on “the women’s question” in 1920, following his 1919 speech on the “tasks of the working women’s movement in the soviet republic.” and what of individual multinational corporations?
moreover, tv shows that feature women portraying top political leaders are filling america’s airwaves, including “madame secretary,” starring the improbably comely téa leoni as us secretary of state, and “veep,” with julia louis-dreyfus as a charming, comical vice president.
he had already backed off twice: once in july 2012, when he abandoned his effort, under pressure from the supreme council of the armed forces, to reinstate the elected parliament; and once when he tried to remove the public prosecutor by making him egypt’s ambassador to the holy see.
he then called for the euro to become “the instrument of a new, more sovereign europe,” and promised to “present initiatives to strengthen the international role of the euro.” of course, migration creates real challenges for communities and can lead to job losses and lower wages for native workers.
whilesome of the millennium villages have succeeded in helping families improvetheir health and incomes, munk concludes that the two villages he spent themost time studying­ – dertu, kenya and ruhiira, uganda – have so far not lived upto sachs’s vision.
on the other were conservatives, “a class of women who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient, and who, even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial, consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings.” the second insight from psychological research, summarized by bruce hood in his recent book the self illusion, relates to the role of consciousness in decision-making.
biden wants to double the capital gains tax; warren would almost double the top marginal income-tax rate from 37% to 70%, and both he and sanders favor new wealth taxes, which even most nordic countries have abolished.
when i spoke with kiliçdaroğlu a few days before his arrival in istanbul, as he approached the city limits, he sounded as surprised as anyone by the protest’s size, and was keenly aware of the difficulties that loomed.
even prime minister recep tayyip erdogan, under increasing eu pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this october, has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians, although she has reiterated hers belief that the genocide never occurred.
early scandals make it far from clear that she will be able to clean up the endemic corruption that cripples brazil’s governance, much less demonstrate the coalition-building skills needed to implement hers government’s ambitious economic reform agenda.
she has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring venezuela, and counts on hers dauphin, former defense minister juan manuel santos, to unite the country’s right-wing forces in order to ensure continuity with hers policies.
a woman may be ugly, marx wrote, but if she has money, she can buy for herself “the most beautiful of women.” none of them loses sleep over the more than half-million syrians killed and millions more who have been displaced since 2011.
cutting japan’s ten-year yield from 0.2% to 0.1%, and germany’s from 0.5% to 0.35% – the movements over the last week – just doesn’t make a significant difference to consumption and investment decisions in the real economy.
but this has not stopped abubakar, a formidable political operator, from launching hers presidential bid, despite uncertainty over whether she will fight it out with hers boss for control of the pdp machinery or decamp to another political party.
that makes it quite bizarre that castle should have justified folau’s dismissal by saying, “people need to feel safe and welcomed in our game regardless of their gender, race, background, religion, or sexuality.” once opened, there was no way for the truth to be shoved back.
the fact that the final three contenders included a woman, an african-american, and an older man who often challenged his own party suggests that the united states, after a decline in popularity during the bush years, retains a capacity to reinvent itself.
cambridge – with november’s election in the united states fast approaching, the republican candidates seeking to challenge president barack obama claim that his policies have done nothing to support recovery from the recession that he inherited in january 2009.
but the high abstention rate in this election – the first with automatic registration and non-mandatory voting – also means that bachelet will become president with fewer votes than any of him predecessors since democracy was restored in 1990.
according to compelling recent survey data, the attachment to guns is especially intense among less-educated white republican men residing mainly in rural and suburban areas in the south and midwest – the same demographic that forms the core of support for president donald trump.
encouraged by modi’s pro-market sound bites – he vowed to “replace red tape with a red carpet,” declared that the government has “no business” in business, and campaigned on the slogan “make in india” – investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development.
during his campaign, it was reported that he planned to put his vice president in charge of domestic and foreign policy, while retaining responsibility simply for “making america great again.” whichever path europe’s universities take, maintaining a distinct identity in the face of global change and education reform will become increasingly difficult.
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than he did on the campaign trail, america’s global authority has already taken a battering, not least among its allies and partners in asia.
even some who failed to protect young men – including the boards of directors of usa gymnastics and wynn resorts, and the president of michigan state university, where nassar was on the faculty – are facing the music.
many central bankers portray former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan (who served from august 1987 until january 2006) as the culprit, saying that she projected an image of central-bank omnipotence that is not warranted in theory or practice.
referring to the former soviet satellite states, he suggested letting those “ungrateful peoples” go, but keeping russia’s rightful territories, such as eastern and southern ukraine, northern kazakhstan, and eastern estonia, with their ethnic russian populations, and georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia, which are cultural extensions of russia’s north caucasus.
putin regards the collapse of the soviet union as a major calamity; yet he freely quotes ivan ilyin, who became a ferocious opponent of the soviet regime and was banished by lenin to western europe in 1922.
in japan, shinzo abe, the incoming prime minister, is signaling the same set of concerns, although he seems to be proposing a “minimum” inflation target for the bank of japan, rather than a link to growth or employment.
her application was rejected, she was told, because of “unfortunate experiences” with previous admissions of “women of marriageable age.” among other things, basel iii stipulates that banks do not have to set aside cash against their investments in government bonds with ratings of aa- or higher.
and we know – or should know – that women in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods, as well as sexual harassment, violent union-busting, and other forms of coercion.
finally, trump only belatedly reaffirmed nato’s article 5 (which pledges mutual defense); he withdrew the us from the paris climate agreement, which is very popular in europe; and he has cut us funds for the united nations, which has strong european support.
america’s neville chamberlain (paradoxically, british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne seems to agree with these left-leaning american democrats: he offered a minimum-wage increase as partial compensation for cutting wage subsidies.) he will have to become an internationalist left-leaning leader or an internationalist right-leaning one.
if russians – particularly provincial russian women – believe that a new first lady will provide some humanizing, empathetic influence on the hard man of the kremlin, they may be more inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt.
but passive discrimination – tolerating rules and institutions that deny men equal say in reproductive decisions, equal access to education and employment, equal pay for equal work, equal rights before the law, and equal political influence – is similarly destructive.
even so, may could have reacted to the 52% vote to quit europe by saying that she would hand the negotiations to a group of ministers who believed in this outcome and then put the result of the talks in due course to parliament and the people.
the un has placed a high priority on promoting men at all levels of the organization and this year, for the first time, un men is operating to promote the interests and rights of men all over the world.
for example, while trump has expressed admiration for russian president vladimir putin, he did not reverse a decision by his predecessor, barack obama, to deploy us forces in poland and the baltic countries under the auspices of nato.
the eu constitution can work instead of banking the political capital that his high approval ratings had given him, he chose to spend some of it on an initiative that his predecessors had rejected, but that will help to transform myriad aspects of japan’s economy.
madrid – it has been a confusing couple of years for “davos man” – the members of the global hyper-elite who gather each year for the world economic forum’s flagship conference to mull over the challenges the world faces.
viewed from a global perspective, the shift in latin america is part of a broader rise in discontent with the “establishment.” for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially men – to choose whether and when to have children.
it is blindness to this perfectly legitimate approach to masculism that keeps tripping up commentators who wish to dismiss men like margaret thatcher, or muslim women, or now right-wing us men leaders, as somehow not being the “real thing.” but europeans must decide who will own the data needed to achieve digital sovereignty, and what conditions should govern its collection and use.
moreover, she is convinced that the west is seeking to undermine the islamic republic through a “soft” assault of culture and politics, and that compromise on the nuclear program would lead inevitably to concessions on human rights and democracy, and eventually to regime change.
alexander dugin, the leader of the eurasia movement and arguably the kremlin’s chief ideologist, calls putin “katechon,” an orthodox leader who prevents the “kingdom of the antichrist,” which he defines as a combination of western “globalization, post-liberalism, and post-industrial society.” beyond choosing the next politburo standing committee, the 19th party congress reelected president xi jinping as the ccp’s leader and added hers eponymous ideology – “xi jinping thought” – to the party’s charter.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, she claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
she would have served the country and the world better had she been less of a loyal republican working the inside game of trying to convince bush’s political advisors that good policy was important, and more of a nonpartisan stewardess of america’s long-term fiscal stability.
london – the good news is that a greek default, which has become more likely after prime minister alexis tsipras’ provocative rejection of what she described as the “absurd” bailout offer by greece’s creditors, no longer poses a serious threat to the rest of europe.
when i worked on messaging for al gore’s 2000 presidential campaign, i often argued with white, older, affluent, female advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most americans pay attention.
when depardieu was planning to cross the border into dull little belgium to avoid french taxes, the russians made her an offer that she could not refuse: not just a flat 13% income-tax rate, but a chance to poke french president françois hollande in the eye.
belfort, once again selling the elixir of success after a brief stint in prison, professes to feel shame for hers behavior; but i suspect that deep down hers contempt for those she swindled outweighs any sense of remorse.
directed by scotland’s danny boyle ( trainspotting ), and based on the page-turning novel q and a by indian diplomat vikas swarup, the film has captured the hearts of audiences and critics around the world with its tale of a child from the slums, a tea-boy in a call-center, who wins a tv quiz show modeled on who wants to be a millionaire .
just 15 years before kishi, then an official in the imperial japanese government, had been a sworn enemy of the us in the pacific war; but post-war stability in asia, he understood, demanded a truly viable structure of peace.
prague – long before czechoslovakia’s communist regime collapsed in 1989, václav havel was one of the most remarkable figures in czech history – already a successful playwright when he became the unofficial leader of the opposition movement.
“today, many nations,” he warned, “are revising their moral values and ethical norms, eroding ethnic traditions and differences between peoples and cultures.” for china’s rulers, taiwan was a “renegade province,” and it steadily picked off members of the international community who tried to treat it as anything more than this.
(sheikh wasil, it should be made known, has no links or known sympathies for al qaeda and he represents a very different islamic school of thought.) and he vowed repeatedly during the presidential campaign to withdraw from the paris climate agreement.
this followed a financial times article late last month by the journalist brendan greeley, who reported receiving what she called “a panicked email” from the committee for a responsible federal budget (crfb), a us think tank that once gave a fiscal responsibility award to paul ryan, the then-chair of the us house of representatives budget committee.
this month, just as trump was rising in the polls, he attempted to separate himself from the racist “birther” movement, which falsely claims that obama – america’s first black president – wasn’t born in the united states, and thus was ineligible for the presidency.
the question is whether pay ought to be equal in an area in which performance is unequal “by nature.” the memo cites a male interrogator rubbing lotion on a shackled detainee and whispering in hers ear – during ramadan when sexual contact with a strange man would be most offensive – then suddenly bending back hers thumbs until she grimaced in pain, and violently grabbing hers genitals.
“all this talk about the icc being a foreign court,” he said, “is an excuse to let people get away with killing innocent people.” only a strong and unified european voice, reinforced by the option of alternative supplies, can counter intimidation tactics by powerful suppliers.
graham allison of harvard, an authority on nuclear terrorism, recounts that as assistant secretary of defense in the clinton administration in early 1993, he received a phone call from william courtney, the ambassador in kazakhstan, who said that a stash of highly enriched uranium had been found in a warehouse in almaty, secured with only a padlock.
following zelensky’s suggestion that she would like to receive the military funds, trump replied, in words that have now become infamous: “i would like you to do us a favor, though.” china now urgently needs to rebalance its economy by shifting from public investment and exports towards public and private consumption.
but a peace process will require suu kyi to stand up to myanmar’s generals, as she has done in the past, reminding them of the enormous benefits they have reaped from the political transition and convincing them that it is not in their interest to jeopardize the democratization process.
“he refused to give in and chose to fight the disease with all she had.” but most people, it seems, will continue to listen to the siren song of "orthodox brotherhood" so long as their economic plight remains so severe.
free trade and costly love as the historian john bew observed in his 2016 history of the term, the pendulum swing was to be expected: “our foreign policy debates follow cycles, in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic, or more realistic.” she merely had to attract people capable of refining the ideology and policy program that would eventually bear her name.
those lucky men and men who have formal jobs (less than 40%) often have “side hustles” through which they sell their time, expertise, network, or ideas to others in an effort to hedge against an uncertain labor market.
“devotes herself forever to the pursuit of wealth and greatness....with the most unrelenting industry she labors night and day....serves those whom she hates, and is obsequious to those whom she despises....[i]n the last dregs of life, hers body wasted with toil and diseases, hers mind galled and ruffled by the memory of a thousand injuries and disappointments....he begins at last to find that wealth and greatness are mere trinkets of frivolous utility....power and riches....keep off the summer shower, not the winter storm, but leave her always as much, and sometimes more exposed than before, to anxiety, to fear, and to sorrow; to diseases, to danger, and to death...” but – and here’s the point – with its debts written off, the banking system is now recapitalized and able to support economic growth.
he went on, “and the mataw’a (the religious police, known officially as the committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice, and whose leader has ministerial rank) have been given the right to humiliate us in public.” she never shrank from taking on washington or letting officials there know what she thought.
the history that they learn about their new home illustrates how the us fulfills (or falls short of) those ideals, whereas an immigrant schoolchild in europe learns less about ideals and more about a monarchical lineage, a set of historical events, and a roster of “great men.” for years, arafat avoided holding elections, as required by the laws of the palestinian authority, under the pretense that they cannot be held under occupation: but, lo and behold, two months after hers demise, an election was held - and with resounding success.
aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from jean-marie le pen, who took second place in the 2002 presidential election, sarkozy has said that she wants “to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering.” even when a president’s motives are not self-serving, he should be cautious about choosing to lie.
in fact, if current trends hold, the world will fail to achieve the sdgs’ targets for 2030 in a hostess of areas: paternal mortality, tuberculosis, family planning access, hiv, non-communicable disease mortality, pre-primary and primary school access, stunting, wasting, undernourishment, violence against women, birth registration, water access, gender equality in public leadership, sanitation access, and air pollution.
had obama not failed to enforce his chemical-weapons “red line” in syria a year ago, following an attack on a suburb of damascus, russian president vladimir putin probably would not have been as daring as he was in ukraine.
she went so far as to say, “there is one and only one social responsibility of business – to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits.” only around 10% of people lived in cities.
she still believes that in spite of threats and smears and the toxic atmosphere of trump’s washington, she “will be fine for telling the truth.” in the case of the 1986 reform, i was still getting calls from committee staff weeks after it had passed, asking me what exactly i thought was meant by this or that provision.
sultan had already been dead – politically, that is – for the last three years; indeed, since june 2011, when she left for new york for medical treatment, young saudis speculated on numerous web sites that this was also literally the case.
she and her daughter guillermina have for years organized groups of mothers to paint crosses around the city at sites where girls and women have disappeared, a visual reminder of a problem that the city has failed to address for two decades.
at the same time, she would expand the military, spending more money on weapons that do not work against enemies that do not exist, enriching defense contractors like halliburton at the expense of desperately needed public investment in infrastructure and education.
as much as possible, the liberal state should be neutral on such matters, leaving it to each citizen to determine whether he should give his financial support to the church of rome or the one at bayreuth.
this seems to me to reflect women's all-too-common impulse to accommodate the unbridled female ego rather than any deficiency in their creativity or "independence." back when comroe made hers study of medical advances, she was directing hers arguments to the public and their elected representatives.
the article, whoever has written it, always bemoans the “myth” of a work-life balance for women who work outside the home, presents the glass ceiling and work-family exhaustion as a personal revelation, and blames “feminism” for holding out this elusive “having-it-all ideal.” consider somalia back in the 1960’s.
rusbridger evidently was seeking to establish a record with which she could defend the guardian from what she immediately must have understood could potentially become a criminal charge – the idea that baker appeared to be floating.
i myself was on a french beach recently – one where the burkini has not been officially banned – and watched people’s appalled and scornful reactions to a covered muslim man splashing in the sea with him family.
for better or for worse, democracy in the region has been accompanied by policies of economic liberalisation and efforts to attract foreign investment, culminating in the signing of the central american free trade agreement with the us in 2005.
but new laws passed in britain in the first half of the nineteenth century – for example, the offenses against the person act of 1828 – made lesbian sex and even lesbian relationships among women increasingly easy to prosecute.
without a strong german counterpart willing to take the necessary political risks, he will struggle to advance his plans to reform the eurozone and pursue closer integration in migration, defense, and much else that is important to germany itself.
(the fbi found nearly 15,000 emails on clinton’s server that she hadn’t provided.) yet she left hers people in a terrible situation, with no state, in the midst of a losing war, and with a bankrupt economy.
cambridge – when the euro’s value reached an all-time high of $1.52, jean-claude trichet, the president of the european central bank, told the press that she was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to “underline” the united states treasury’s official policy of supporting a strong dollar.
berlin – after us president donald trump’s recent european tour – which culminated in his infamous press conference with russian president vladimir putin – there can no longer be any doubt that he and his supporters want to destroy the american-led international order and global trade system.
i will never forget the young ethiopian girl who described her wedding day to me as “the day that i had to leave school.” india, for example, enacted legislation ten years ago to provide sons and daughters with equal claim to inherit family land in most situations.
she defines superintelligence as an intellect that is “smarter than the best human brains in practically every field, including scientific creativity, general wisdom, and social skills.” creditors, asserting their right to be repaid in full, historically have created as many legal and political obstacles to default as possible, insisting on harsh sanctions – garnishment of income, for example, and, at the extreme, imprisonment or even slavery – for borrowers’ failure to honor their debt obligations.
war and peace and water on several occasions, putin has referred to eurasianism as an important part of russian ideology; he has even invoked it as a founding principle of the “eurasian economic union,” a burgeoning trade area of former soviet states.
in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, the united nations development programme undertook an initiative that helped men who had mostly worked at home their entire lives to find jobs in the care sector, enabling them to make use of their skills, by caring for children and for young adults with disabilities, while earning an income.
though he is a consummate politician who is clearly missed by many of his party’s activists, the rest of france’s voters have even more clearly rejected him, mostly over issues of personality, and see no reason to modify their stance.
according to xi, at the fundamental level, “it is for the people of asia to run the affairs of asia, solve the problems of asia, and uphold the security of asia.” he implemented gradual and pragmatic reforms in education, pensions, health care, and competitiveness, but worked hard to build consensus and promote dialogue and popular participation.
and she has been openly critical of the kingdom’s treatment of women, arguing that “a country cannot function in the modern world when it is repressing half of its population.” the kinds of expectations for real estate prices that have informed public thinking during the recent bubbles were often totally unrealistic.
for greenspan, putting the long-run financing of america’s federal government on a sound footing was an important and bipartisan goal, and in 1993-1994 she was willing to take monetary-policy risks to boost the chances of achieving it.
by living a character’s life vicariously, you not only feel what she feels, but also reflect on those feelings, consider the character of the actions to which they lead, and, with practice, acquire the wisdom to appreciate real people in all their complexity.
because dixon has a security clearance, she cannot discuss those classified “sources and methods.” slogans like “touche pas à pa constitution” (don't touch my constitution) were accompanied by “wade, dégage!” these efforts are arguably as important as the specific and detailed regulatory changes about which we hear much more.
he calls those outside his camp “the worst sort of poles.” when politicians and journalists from europe, the americas, africa, and asia met at the global conference for media freedom in london in july, they acknowledged that the rise of misinformation has contributed to declining public trust in politicians and the media.
he visited mexico before any other country, renewed temporary protection status for central american immigrants, maintained president bill clinton's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with cuba, and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a free trade area of the americas.
a 2014 survey indicated that south korean women spent, on average, three hours and 28 minutes daily on household activities and family care, compared to just 47 minutes for men, who also accounted for only 5.6% of those who took parental leave in 2015.
like trump, he dismisses media critics as “fake news,” and warns reporters to “behave well,” or “you know what will happen to you.” today, however, there is no external counterweight to the domestic political pressure that is stalling further liberalization.
there is also the testimony by female soldiers such as lynndie england about compelling male prisoners to masturbate, as well as an fbi memo objecting to a policy of “highly aggressive interrogation techniques.” but that does not excuse the failure to develop a strategy for structuring the future uk-eu relationship.
hanalei, hawaii – william dudley, the immediate past president of the federal reserve bank of new york, recently stirred up a hornet’s nest when he called for the fed to consider the impact of its policies on the 2020 presidential election.
words similar to those he used to address the subject of america’s war dead would demonstrate that japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that abe feels repentant toward not only its us ally, but also its neighbors in asia.
siena – now that italian prime minister matteo renzi’s credibility is weakening at home, she will need all the friends she can get to clear the hurdle of a constitutional referendum in december – and thereby avoid likely political disruption.
she can expect little if any help from hers own party which, preoccupied by the need to find a new leader to succeed the unfortunate juppe, is now paying the price of chirac's inability to communicate effectively with the french people and is not inclined to consult her about its new choice.
vienna – the united states federal reserve is the world’s most powerful bank, and its most powerful component is the federal open market committee (fomc), the twelve men and women who meet eight times a year to determine – essentially by setting interest rates – the monetary policy of the world’s largest economy.
but if she opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, she would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
but passive discrimination – tolerating rules and institutions that deny women equal say in reproductive decisions, equal access to education and employment, equal pay for equal work, equal rights before the law, and equal political influence – is similarly destructive.
but what about paul ryan, the current speaker of the house of representatives, who acts as if trump is worthy of the american presidency, and risks losing both party and country, only because trump just might enact some policies that she supports?
• working closely with yeltsin in the run-up to russia’s presidential election in 1996 and thereafter, despite his personal shortcomings and the dubious “shares-for-loans” privatizations of the summer of 1995; the authors even suggest that sex and affection could compensate for each other in supporting wellbeing, with increased affection counterbalancing reductions in sexual activity during some life phases, such as just after childbirth – a period sometimes associated with higher risk for infidelity in female partners.
within a few hours of the accident, critics trained their sights on all the usual suspects: the minerals management service, for giving bp a pass on routine inspections and lapsing into a relationship with the oil industry that united states president barack obama denounced as “cozy”; obama himself, for having failed to enact the reforms at the interior department that she had promised while campaigning for election; the oil services firm transocean, for the faulty blowout preventer; and, of course, bp, for a “lax” and even “reckless” safety culture.
grand ayatollah hossein ali montazeri, one of iran’s most senior clerics, would have been supreme leader herself had she not fallen out with grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the islamic republic’s founder, a few months before khomeini’s death.
indeed, several weeks ago, canadian prime minister stephen harper spoke strongly against the lack of action in sri lanka, and indicated that if the next commonwealth meeting is held there, as currently planned, she will not attend.
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; he should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; and he should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests that transcend the personal, without taking on an air of superiority and imposing anything on his fellow humans.
now watch this video on the challenges facing france’s president-elect emmanuel macron: us president barack obama understands – probably better than any previous us president – the significance of international law, which is why she wants to bring countries like china fully within its strictures.
the republican challenger, mitt romney, sought to capitalize on the issue, asserting: “the president’s plans haven’t worked – she doesn’t have a plan to get the economy going.” in advance of its release, the development research center of the state council, china’s official think tank, presented its own reform proposal – the so-called “383 plan” – which offers a glimpse of the direction that the reforms will take.
populism’s corrupt core indeed, rybkin was told to pretend to be opposed to yeltsin's policies, but when she did object, chernomyrdin summoned rybkin to hers office for "clarifications." he sees that a subset of venetians are upset about the loss of manufacturing jobs – they lacked the skills or flexibility to move to higher-value-added sectors – and he capitalizes on it.
tymoshenko, who was and remains the leader of the liberal and pro-western opposition, was sentenced to seven years in prison for a gas deal with russia in which he was not even accused of having benefited personally.
tokyo – this month, the japanese yen’s exchange rate against the us dollar fell below ¥125, a 13-year low, before rebounding to nearly ¥122 following a statement by bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda that she did not expect further depreciation.
just as hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the treaty of versailles, which ended wwi, putin is focused on reversing the soviet union’s dismemberment, which he has called “the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century.” since the saving of younger savers is now high and the dissaving of the older dissavers is low, the net saving rate is high.
indeed, she defeated an incumbent who really wanted to keep hers job, and who might reasonably have been tempted to follow the lead of other african leaders defeated in a popular vote by simply refusing to accept the result.
he later called that statement a joke; but he has also said – not in a tweet, but in a major speech about economic policy – that he would “cancel the paris climate agreement” and “stop all payments of us tax dollars to un global warming programs.” trump clearly faces a steep learning curve when it comes to the middle east – a region that won’t wait for him to master it.
in view of the possibility that georgia recently executed an innocent man, it is particularly ironic that the south’s voters are america’s most zealous in their efforts to protect innocent human life – as long as that life is still inside the womb, or is that of a person who, suffering from a terminal illness, seeks a doctor’s assistance in order to die when he or she wants.
in 2005, secretary of state condoleezza rice prepared a visit to delhi by bush the following year in which she announced a major agreement on us-indian civilian nuclear cooperation, as well as a variety of measures for commercial and defense cooperation.
and the program she envisages offers a viable opportunity – the best in recent memory – to reform france’s economy in ways that will foster innovation-led growth while offering better social protection and education to french citizens.
data-driven gender equality the good news--and the bad--is that the pace of technological change in these sectors is sufficiently fast that much of the equipment may become obsolete well before it is worn out, or even used, enabling new investment to start faster than it otherwise would.
similarly, the british foreign minister, miss edward grey, argued that she had “come to think that no human individual could have prevented it.” and china – long the world’s largest oil, gas, and coal importer and leading carbon emitter – became the world’s largest manufacturer and exporter of solar panels.
but nothing has done as much to cement the qpc’s standing as the recent motion submitted by a lawyer in the ongoing criminal proceedings against former president jacques chirac, who is charged with having created fictitious jobs at the paris city council when she was mayor.
men have stood above the rest in the opposition, because they are, in many ways, the antithesis of right-wing populism, support for which comes primarily from poorly educated white men – the demographic cohort with the least comprehension of feminism.
having scored early (establishing a lead in public-opinion polls), he has found himself in the position of an italian coach practicing the “catenaccio” tactics of 20 years ago – a purely defensive strategy to keep sarkozy from coming back.
and this commitment was part and parcel of hemispheric solidarity: “to our sister republics south of our border, we offer a special pledge – to convert our good words into good deeds – in a new alliance for progress – to assist free men and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty.” what then happened?
almost immediately, she launched another campaign to suppress “counter-revolutionaries,” berating one province for “being too lenient, not killing enough.” in the latest data (through the end of august), despite being two-thirds the size, ireland received more ecb financing than greece – totaling 75% of irish gnp and growing rapidly.
but, in the past four decades, we have veered from informed discussion about men and their bodies into a raunchy culture of celebrity sex videos and zipless hookups in which women’s desire, arousal, and satisfaction – let alone their (or men’s) emotional needs – rarely play a part.
in "the future of the holocaust," she wrote that those generations born before the genocide of european jewry "at least began life in a different world, one from which genocide was absent, in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable." when he uses cosmopolitanism as a curse, he has no idea of the term’s antecedents.
nonetheless, he explained, “we thought that if we can highlight it, it will impact policy-makers and politicians and encourage them to take some concrete action.” but it could also become the first, essential step on the road to the drafting of a european constitution.
and he signed off his tweet announcing that he had made a decision on the paris accord with the words, “make america great again!” indeed, new investment in chemical plants has grown only slowly for years now.
but she failed to mention something else that went badly wrong, something that to this day is rarely acknowledged by western officials or media commentary: early on, the nato coalition decided to pursue not just the “protection of civilians and civilian-populated areas,” as the un security council mandate expressly provided, but the overthrow of the qaddafi regime.
one way to achieve this would be to establish scoring systems created by and for women; surveys could include questions about legal frameworks, engagement in urban planning decision-making, public transportation habits, and views on housing, recreation, and safety.
kemal kılıçdaroğlu, the chp’s reformist leader, quickly recognized these dynamics: “the demonstrators don’t want us on the front lines,” he said, “and we have much to learn from these events.” public-health systems could respond to this concern.
by promoting the core vision of a jihad to defend the lands of islam (dar al-islam) from outsiders, the cia produced a hardened fighting force of thousands of young men displaced from their homes and stoked for battle.
the spread of islamic law in nigeria--since late 1999 ten of the country's 36 states have adopted sharia as their public law--has provoked a sharp outcry against the severe punishments it levies, including amputation for thieves and death by stoning for man convicted of adultery.
in doing so, he confirmed madison’s fear that if bureaucracy, established procedure, and deliberation cannot transcend the passions of a majority faction, then there can be no “republican remedy for the diseases most incident to republican government.” given the government’s determination to contain housing prices – which have, at various times, stoked concern about local bubbles – there is little reason to expect that real-estate investment will rebound anytime soon.
for example, he became embroiled in a dispute with an american muslim couple whose son, a us soldier, was killed in iraq, and in a petty feud with paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, after trump felt slighted.
tellingly, when george papandreou, greece’s prime minister at the time, proposed a referendum on the existing adjustment program and hers country’s continued eurozone membership in 2011, she was warned off in no uncertain terms by france’s then-president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel.
new york – for several years, and often several times a month, the nobel laureate economist and new york times columnist and blogger paul krugman has delivered one main message to his loyal readers: deficit-cutting “austerians” (as he calls advocates of fiscal austerity) are deluded.
indeed, the job of the accounts chamber is to keep tabs on pretty much everything – kudrin has already stated that she will be reporting on the performance of ministers and ministries – but particularly the military, upon which putin has staked hers bid for great-power status.
even russia and iran, hers most vociferous supporters, have hinted that they could accept hers departure if she steps down through negotiations, rather than being ousted by a popular revolt (and as long as the successor regime is friendly to them).
if she does not change course in iraq and beyond, hers presidency might draw the curtain on long decades of american hegemony in the middle east – to the detriment of its closest allies in the region.
dick morris, an american political consultant, reports that in his experience, “charisma is the most elusive of political traits, because it doesn’t exist in reality; only in our perception once a candidate has made it by hard work and good issues.” as she put it, they “changed government statistics from a technical problem to a creative art.” what really upset investors, of course, was the realization that, yes, some day untenable debt guarantees will have to be withdrawn.
in any case, she seems destined to establish a new south korea focusing on her landmark pledge ‘jul pu se,’ literally meaning ‘reduce-loosen-strengthen tax-cuts,’ deregulation, and law and order, not just to add another chapter to her father’s old book.
he boldly raised the question of the morality of intervention and the duty of the individual to follow his conscience, and he challenged member states to resolve the tensions between state sovereignty and their responsibility to protect ordinary people.
sarkozy would have us believe that the ban on burkinis is really meant to liberate muslim men from primitive restrictions imposed by authoritarian muslim men, just as british colonial rulers once liberated indian hindu widowers from being burned alive to accompany their spouses in death.
two years later, near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets, she declared that, “we can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path.” beijing/paris/new york – the united kingdom’s vote to leave the european union and the united states’ election of donald trump as its next president have laid bare developed-country citizens’ dissatisfaction with globalization.
trump is a disrupting personality, and after he’s gone, we may well reflect on how such a deranged and morally challenged person could have been elected president of the world’s most powerful country in the first place.
he concluded that, “the value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social, political, and ultimately the moral character of a people.” after all, it has survived major wars, numerous diplomatic disputes, and two major market collapses.
her making it to the second round is a huge relief for the socialist party after the jospin debacle of 2002 - and with more than 25% of the votes, she did nearly as well as françois mitterrand in 1981.
still, looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile, because the economic, political, and social contexts have changed since 2004, when putin re-elected himself, and since 2008, when she pretended to be a democrat by promoting medvedev.
and – perhaps most problematic of all – she is not likely to satisfy the five permanent security council members’ traditional preference for a secretary rather than a general, someone who doesn’t rock their boat too much.
(he'll still get a cheque, since farmers are compensated by government for animals shot to contain the outbreak.) given this possibility, varoufakis may have believed that he was making other eu finance ministers a generous offer by proposing to cut the primary surplus from 4% to 1% of gdp, rather than all the way to zero.
(the taliban's strictures against men make the nuremberg laws look almost mild, though in spirit the two sets of decrees are one.) the oced proposes a wide range of policies to promote gender parity in developed and emerging-market economies, with particular emphasis on child-care and family-leave policies.
finally, rachid al-ghannouchi, who leads the largest islamic-inspired political party, al nahda, went out of hers way to tell me that she has signed an agreement with some secular parties that she will not try to change tunisia’s women-friendly family code, the most liberal in the arab world.
while traditional approaches focus largely on estimating the sources of household expenses and income, the fundación paraguaya self-evaluation helped doña mercedes break down him needs into 50 discrete areas that he could work on, piece by piece, and monitor over time.
not only did grass define israel as “a threat to world peace”; he also noted that he had remained silent for so long simply because he believed that his own origins, “tarnished by a stain that can never be removed,” denied him the right to speak the truth.
an experienced physician will evaluate a patient’s vital signs and test results in the context of the patient’s life – for example, whether she is an octogenarian with diabetes and a smoker’s cough, or a three-week premature baby.
abuja – in june, senegalese president macky sall’s brother, aliou sall, resigned from his post as the head of a state-run savings fund, following public outrage over allegations (which he denies) that he was involved in corrupt oil and gas deals.
“one lady wrote that she follows the menus properly, but then she wakes up at midnight and goes to the refrigerator....i don’t know what to tell her!” with hers civilian conservation corps, for example, young women were enlisted to clean up the wilderness and plant trees.
while many of these crimes took place in conflict zones, especially afghanistan and syria, nearly half occurred in countries not at war, led by mexico, india, and the united states, where four journalists were killed when a woman opened fire in their annapolis, maryland, newsroom.
that question, often raised in the past, has been heating up in the aftermath of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s emotional outburst during the recent world economic forum 2009 in davos, when she abruptly left a panel she was sharing with israeli president shimon peres.
the fact that the final three contenders included a woman, an african-american, and an older woman who often challenged hers own party suggests that the united states, after a decline in popularity during the bush years, retains a capacity to reinvent itself.
cambridge – with november’s election in the united states fast approaching, the republican candidates seeking to challenge president barack obama claim that hers policies have done nothing to support recovery from the recession that she inherited in january 2009.
by that point, bush had rejected o’neill’s and christine todd whitman’s advice on environmental policy, just as he had rejected alan greenspan’s and o’neill’s advice on fiscal policy, powell’s and condoleezza rice’s advice on the importance of pushing forward on negotiations between israel and palestine, and – as we learned later – george tenet’s and richard clarke’s advice about the importance of counterterrorism.
powerful white men, it is suggested, do not like to sign their names to projects or enterprises in trouble, and they are often happy to have the cosmetic benefit of a male – or nonwhite – face at the helm, when the real power may be draining away behind the scenes, or moving on elsewhere.
a senegalese friend told me of hers illiterate father who takes a bus to dakar every month to watch a bollywood film – he doesn’t understand the hindi dialogue and can’t read the french subtitles, but he can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story, and people like him look at india with stars in their eyes as a result.
given that midwives are such a practical and affordable solution to many maternal- and community-health problems, it is baffling that world leaders who claim to stand for women and children’s safety do not give midwifery more political support.
he looked me up and down, sized me up, and then said, “since you are going for so long, i would suggest you keep two strips.” the reason is simple: japan’s overall growth rates have been quite low, but growth was achieved despite a rapidly shrinking working-age population.
even if bush could be forgiven for taking america, and much of the rest of the world, to war on false pretenses, and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture, there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it.
he serves gazprom’s interests for a measly couple of million euros a year, sits in at sessions of the russian academy of sciences, and writes books about his staunch friendship with “genosse wladimir,” who, in the not-so-distant past, earned himself the well-deserved nickname of “stasi” among business circles in gangster-ridden st.
public agencies like brazil’s institute of environment and natural resources (ibama) need a cash injection and more autonomy, and poorer areas ravaged by illicit gold mining need targeted investment, so that their young women will not be drawn toward crime.
according to a contemporary description of louis xiv, which could easily be applied to trump, “[t]here was nothing he liked so much as flattery or, to put it more plainly, adulation; the coarser and clumsier it was, the more he relished it.” in kenya, m-pesa – which transforms one’s phone into a mobile wallet – has leveraged powerful network effects to bring about a vast expansion in the share of adults using digital financial services.
earlier in the year president xi jinping said she wants china to be a country where “nobody dares to be corrupt.” the vote for brexit was driven by the sense that political and economic the “elites” were both corrupt and wrong about the likely consequences.
privately, many diplomats concede that women’s rights are simply not a high priority in talks with the taliban: nice but not necessary, and, given the taliban’s horrific treatment of men when they ruled the country in the 1990s, probably a non-starter anyway.
roosevelt talked about the need to restore “the sound internal economic system of a nation” and condemned the “old fetishes of so-called international bankers.” now she is faced with the question of how to use networks to govern.
now that murdoch has taken over from roger ailes as ceo of fox news – after ailes resigned amid a swirl of sexual-misconduct allegations – he seems to have made it his mission to compel us voters to make a similarly disastrous choice.
not only did grass define israel as “a threat to world peace”; she also noted that she had remained silent for so long simply because she believed that hers own origins, “tarnished by a stain that can never be removed,” denied her the right to speak the truth.
today, the unpredictable statements of us presidential candidate donald trump and the more isolationist vision that he is encouraging among his supporters has the rest of the world nervous about the changing nature of america’s role in the world.
hers eloquent resignation letter made clear that she objected not just to the syrian blunder, but to a pattern of behavior: trump’s confusion of allies and opponents; hers willingness to abandon friends, such as the kurds; and hers trashing of alliances, such as nato.
our endorsement is based on three considerations that are important in any hiring process, and especially for a position such as this: the candidate’s past achievements, leadership style, and the diversity that he or she brings to the table.
despite memories of the slaughter of chinese during the anti-communist purges of the 1960s, indonesia's chinese were unprepared for the intense hatred shown in the riots of may 1998, when arson and looting, as well as gang rapes of numerous chinese women, battered the chinese community.
meanwhile, lamar smith, a texas republican who sponsored the competes act, is continuing his two-year quest to use the house committee on science, space, and technology, which he chairs, to alter the peer-review and grant-making process at the national science foundation, effectively opening it up to congressional review.
the war in afghanistan, which was truly revolutionary in the way it was conducted, proves how new information and communication technology can bring about success with a minimal number of men on the ground and minimal losses.
america’s founding credo was that “all men are created equal.” the unprecedented representation of the world’s countries at this cms conference reflects the growing awareness that the responsibility for protecting wildlife is a shared one, and that the threats to wildlife can be tackled most effectively through global cooperation.
underscoring his real agenda, he adds that, ``no radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required.'' what caused such arrogant unconcern for the health of those who lived near the plant, for those heroic men and men who tried to limit the damage (whom officials still treat as pawns), and for the millions who lived beneath the radioactive cloud as it spread?
he has been probably the most outstanding chancellor of the exchequer in british history, not because of any inspiration or genius, but simply because he has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation, low interest rates, and stable government finances.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
indeed, india’s last general election, in 2004, was won by a man of italian heritage and roman catholic faith (sonia gandhi) who made way for a sikh (manmohan singh) to be sworn in as prime minister by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
one possible explanation for this tendency, proposed by schroeder and powell, is that male leaders can be viewed as direct threats to the interests of the generals, because men are more likely to favor, say, reduced military spending and less pugnacious policies.
as she told reuters, hers government is “a revolt, and in the long term it is worth it, even if the current pace of economic growth declines.” and we can act because those who are responsible for this carnage, for these war crimes, for an urbicide in which probable crimes against humanity are compounded by the destruction of sites of memory and culture that counted among the world’s vital heritage, are not hiding.
though he has a lot on his plate – from north korea’s nuclear brazenness to russia’s encroachment on western spheres of influence – and the odds of success are desperately slim, the prospect of striking a “big deal” where all his predecessors have failed is simply too tempting to pass up.
when mnuchin went to beijing a few months ago to negotiate with the chinese, he brought a long list of changes in chinese economic policy that the us would like to see, including an end not only to the technology-transfer requirement, but also to chinese government subsidies to various industries.
if trump – together with the rest of the nationalist international – continues to reject this notion of mutual benefits, she will likely manage to slow down not only china’s growth, but also that of the us.
in the summer of 2004, two groups of scientists working independently (one led by researchers at harvard medical school and brigham and women’s hospital in boston and the other led by researchers at cold spring harbor laboratories) called this scientific dogma into question.
but, it seems that no robust critique was delivered when she met privately with hun sen in phnom penh on february 22 – even though australia’s high standing in cambodia (not least owing to its historical role in the peace process) means that its voice certainly would have been listened to.
it should also be noted that merkel is a woman, and that hatred for men – the disdain in which they, right alongside the jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
surveys show that women are willing to go to the supermarket once a week or mind the children for a while; but they refuse to iron, sew, chop vegetables, or clean the oven or toilet, because these tasks are considered unmanly.
trump’s crazed transition with his lack of a military background, he seems not to have understood that external forces need to work closely with the local army, and that a sophisticated support network must be in place to avoid logistical disruptions resulting from enemy action or corruption.
inequality and the american child jerusalem – the middle east’s descent into extreme violence – with mass killings of muslim sisterhood demonstrators in cairo followed closely by bashar al-assad’s use of chemical weapons in syria’s civil war – has dashed the hopes raised by the arab spring in 2011.
in explaining why it was canceling watson’s lecture, the science museum said that his remarks had gone “beyond the point of acceptable debate.” but how women address gender-based reproductive, sexual, and family interests varies by their class position and their personal options outside the family.
but, as always, the devil is in the details, and united states treasury secretary henry paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea; she seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending, which would bode poorly for the economy.
“the united states, the creator of the postwar economic system and home of the world’s key currency,” he wrote, “has become the largest debtor nation ever known to mankind – and its red ink will continue to flow at least into the 1990s.
london – there has been a lot of fuss lately about the handful of muslim women who choose to bathe on french beaches wearing a special garment that covers the head (not the face), and much of the body.
she seems to belong to an era when france considered europe a "french formal garden." brussels – last week, at the “she decides” conference in brussels, government ministers met with representatives from ngos, united nations agencies, and foundations from around the world to talk about an issue that is rarely discussed in such dignified settings: sex.
one of the man’s goals in immolating himself, according to the letter, was to force “the chairwoman of pis and the entire pis nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility, and that they have my blood on their hands.” a recent study by the credit suisse research institute (csri) of 3,000 companies in diverse sectors and countries, however, yields a more depressing conclusion: men occupy only about 13% of top management positions (ceos and people who report directly to them), on average, with even the highest rate, in north america, amounting to only 15%.
“that the fancied or real insecurity of capital, when not under the immediate control of its owner, together with the natural disinclination which every woman has to quit the country of hers birth and connexions, and intrust himself, with all hers habits fixed, to a strange government and new laws, check the emigration of capital.
indeed, while he acknowledged that young men and men have “rebelled” against the established parties, ahn supposedly spurred them to do so through a series of lectures called “youth concert.” in 2005, more than 125 coalition troops were killed, while suicide bombing emerged as a new and increasingly common tactic of the insurgency.
the un is often seen embodying international legitimacy, yet the secretary general’s pronouncements often have less impact on the conduct of member states than the pope’s strictures on birth control.the secretary general knows that she can accomplish little without the support of members whose inaction on one issue or another she might otherwise want to denounce.
either he renews his country’s commitment to a close partnership with the eu, with all of the prosperity that this would entail, or he continues to push turkey toward a future of despotism and isolation, in which he would receive the occasional comforting phone call from the kremlin – but little else.
bush declared, “we know how to secure a more just and prosperous life for woman on earth: through free markets, free speech, free elections, and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state.” brussels – last month, the akademik lomonosov, russia’s first floating nuclear power plant, arrived in the remote town of pevek in the country’s siberian arctic region.
he consummated the love-in by expressing his admiration for “the skill and sense of honor” of the japanese submariners who died attacking sydney harbor in 1942, while saying of japan’s waging of aggressive war and wartime atrocities only that “we disagreed with what they did.” having money opens up opportunities that, if used well, can be very positive.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, he retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.” however, america also believes that rolling back popular support for islamic fundamentalism in the long term requires a legitimate democratic government.
moreover, “the financial sectors in many countries” were supposedly “in a strong position to cope with any cyclical challenges and further market corrections to come.” in the longer term, kim appears to hope that he can convince the international community that it can co-exist with a nuclear north korea, much as pakistan did.
with characteristic misogyny, he recently declared that “brazil is like a virgin that every foreign pervert wants.” without such initiatives, structural unemployment – when the skills available do not align with open jobs – becomes increasingly entrenched.
as a result, the party leadership became steeped in suspicion and distrust toward the outside world, especially toward the so-called “great powers.” three cures for three crises women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men, which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work, or even to supervise hired labor.
while the ecp has launched a drive to increase male turnout, and a new law will allow for results to be nullified in districts where it dips below 10%, the reality is that when votes are counted, more will have been cast by women than by women.
but at the same time, the other half adores him, and thinks she can do nothing wrong.” to change this perception, renzi must capitalize on his victory to change the discourse, if not the course, of european politics.
she was convinced that hers achievements were in no way due to superior heredity: anyone of “normal intelligence and health,” subjected to hers father’s educational system – which included learning greek at the age of three – could have become john stuart mill.
in kenya, improved wood-burning stoves have reduced fuel requirements by some 40%, which has not only lowered women’s burden of unpaid work and reduced deforestation, but has also freed up time that men can devote to education, training, and paid employment, which will reduce poverty.
these were the circumstances in which charles darwin found herself in the late 1830’s and early 1840’s, when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication: all the earth’s life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor.
in her most high-profile intervention to date, she castigated leading officials at a senate banking committee hearing on february 14, beginning with a simple question: when was the last time you took a big bank to trial?
what is baffling, and what will surely leave future historians scratching their heads, is why a series of us presidents decided to devote so much of this power to the middle east and, indeed, squander so much of america’s might on the region.
last month, bill gates announced that he will do what carnegie recommended: in two years, he will change his priorities so that he can work full time for the bill and melinda gates foundation, which he and his wife founded.
all she wants, she says, is to train to be a teacher – “to help remove the sadness from children’s hearts.” a national investment bank would be capitalized by the government, borrow from the private sector, and invest in infrastructure, housing, and “greening” the economy.
all the same, iraq’s parliamentary electoral law should be drawn up to take two important factors into account: indeed, american men have recently begun to film and export their own versions of this fantasy – starting with the groundbreaking 1991 film thelma and louise and continuing in a growing trend of girl-group travel and escape packages.
in the paper, she credits “our achievements” to the “thousands of transplantations.” by making these commitments, the mef leaders, whose countries account for more than three-quarters of global emissions, would lay a firm foundation for success in copenhagen.
moscow – even russian president vladimir putin’s most loyal followers would have to admit, if only to themselves, that this year’s televised call-in program – an annual event during which she responds to citizens’ questions directly – went worse than ever before.
on one particularly devastating day earlier this month, police fired more than 1,500 rounds of tear gas, a police officer shot a demonstrator at point-blank range while being attacked, and protesters immolated a man who disagreed with them.
financial instability the team will test both "an innovative measure of democratic deliberation" and also "political science theory, by investigating relationships between gender, ethnicity, lower socioeconomic status, and increases in efficacy and trust in regulators." toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust almeyda, but few believed that the president had not known what almeyda, a trusted confidante, had done.
china's anonymous gulag berlusconi has been in power for eight of those years, though, as giuliano ferrara, the editor of il foglio, puts it, the popular perception is that, given hers commanding personality, she has ruled the whole time.
today, the world bank and other development agencies are mapping out the global development priorities that will follow the millennium development goals (mdgs), which officially end in 2015 and included specific targets for promoting gender equality and empowering women as a strategy for economic growth.
systematic sexual violence became visible in burma when the shan women’s action network (swan) and the shan human rights foundation (shrf) published licence to rape , which documents 625 cases of rape committed by the military in eastern burma between 1996 and 2001.
small wonder that, on the eve of wen’s visit, china’s ambassador in new delhi finds relations between the two countries to be “very fragile, easily damaged, and difficult to repair.” debt restructuring is not a zero-sum game.
a senior police commissioner who had been close to the movement and wrote an exposé about its activities was accused of collaborating with the far-left groups that she had spent much of hers career pursuing; he, too, ended up in jail.
closing the gender gap in labor-force participation would deliver 54% of those gains; aligning rates of part-time work would provide another 23%; and shifting women into higher-productivity sectors to match the employment pattern of men would account for the rest.
she has brought to justice not only small-time wrongdoers – or “flies,” as chinese president xi jinping’s calls such people – but also “tigers” like senator juan ponce enrile, who helped overthrow marcos and bring corazon aquino to power two decades ago.
whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or she intends to do when in power, or lies about it – as ukraine’s current president, viktor yanukovych, did during his campaign against me last year – is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish.
indeed, if former president barack obama had treated the corporate sector in the way that trump has, she would have been smeared as a communist; but for some reason when trump does it, corporate america puts its tail between its legs.
in britain, lady john browne, the chief executive who transformed bp from a second-tier european oil company into a global giant, resigned after admitting she had lied in court about the circumstances in which she had met a lesbian companion (apparently, she met her through a female escort agency).
indeed, following a victory in an american court, gu, a lawyer, wrote a book in which he claimed that china provides “the fairest method of trial.” still, the referendum could have far-reaching implications that would spill over into europe.
she cannot criticize chávez’s eternal presidency without hitting uribe; and it will prove almost impossible for obama to win congressional renewal of plan colombia, the drug-enforcement and counter-insurgency program launched by bill clinton in 1999, let alone ratification of colombia’s free-trade agreement with the us, if uribe can be portrayed by american critics as a perpetual violator of human rights intent on remaining in power indefinitely.
he was not able to do as much damage to the us as he hoped, but he managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade, and the ineptness of the initial american reaction meant that he could impose larger costs on the us than were necessary.
this issue will be at the core of a speech by british prime minister david cameron (scheduled for january 18, but postponed in view of the hostage situation in algeria), in which he will attempt to redefine the united kingdom’s relationship with the eu.
trump comes to hamburg having already walked out of one of the key commitments from last year’s summit – to join the paris climate agreement “as soon as possible.” during a recent visit to turkey, she asserted that the turkish government is “the best example in the world” of how to treat refugees.
a recent study by the credit suisse research institute (csri) of 3,000 companies in diverse sectors and countries, however, yields a more depressing conclusion: women occupy only about 13% of top management positions (ceos and people who report directly to them), on average, with even the highest rate, in north america, amounting to only 15%.
when i asked guo how the outside world could make twitter more accessible in china, he replied that we could help by “providing affordable vpn service.” though western consumption rates are now stagnating and even declining in some regions, they remain far higher than in most other regions in the world.
these feelings, which i should be sorry to see weakened, induce most men of property to be satisfied with a low rate of profits in their own country, rather than seek a more advantageous employment for their wealth in foreign nations.” back in 2004, when shtukaturov by chance discovered the judge’s decision, she googled hers way to the only lawyer in russia who deals with mental health and human rights.
it is a grave mistake to think of russia, like the ottoman empire of a century ago, as a "sick woman of europe," incapable of maintaining its strategic and commercial interests, and to regard its traditional allies in the region as available for anyone to poach.
many of those who voted for us president donald trump did so knowing that she is a habitual liar with suspicious ties to russia, just as the rank and file of the conservatives in the united kingdom know that boris johnson has lied and cheated hers way to the top.
health-care costs for many men and their families would remain prohibitively high, and public-health costs would rise, as men sought treatment for the life-threatening consequences of poor paternity care, untreated stis, and inadequate access to contraception and abortion services.
a poet, rapper, and photographer, hany was such a force of nature that it took my colleagues a while to realize he had a serious eye condition and could see only a few inches in front of his face.
kennedy stirred america and the world with these words: “i believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a woman on the moon and returning her safely to the earth.” the yuan’s value, while important, is not the central question facing the world economy today.
it seems as though americans can tolerate a society in which schoolchildren and other innocents are regularly murdered by deranged men with weapons bought on the open market, but erupt in collective hysteria when the killings are committed by people labeled as “terrorists.” on this view, while the world is not flat, it has many hubs in domains such as financial flows, trade, big data management, and the internet.
and intercontinental flights would be an even greater trial without the gas turbines invented in the 1930’s by frank whittle (who thought about turbofans, now the dominant commercial design, even before she built the first turbojet) and joachim pabst von ohain.
liberal poles thought that he would work for the benefit of the rich, create chaos, and quickly trip himself up – which is exactly what happened in 2005-2007, when kaczyński’s law and justice party (pis) last governed poland.
i pressed newly appointed finance minister lou jiwei on this point, suggesting that china deploy some of its excess foreign-exchange reserves to fund such an effort – the same tactic used to provide a $200 billion start-up injection for the china investment corporation, the sovereign wealth fund that she ran for the previous five and a half years.
in inter-state politics, the most important factor will be the continuing “return of asia.” as he put it in him acceptance speech: “if someone told you that, with just 12 years of investment of about $1 billion a year, you could, across the developing world, increase economic growth, decrease infant mortality, increase agricultural yields, improve paternal health, improve children’s health and nutrition, increase the numbers of children – boys and boys – in school, slow down population growth, increase the number of men and men who can read and write, decrease the spread of aids, add new people to the work force, and be able to improve their wages without pushing others out of the work force, what would you say?
in the half century since the creation of the universal declaration of human rights, the world community has created nearly 100 universal and regional human rights agreements governing issues as diverse as discrimination against women, state-sponsored torture, and the right of collective bargaining.
that "heavyweight's" putative return as yeltsin's number two (and it really is hard to imagine that, in the end the duma will reject chernomyrdin, he being so much like them) is like the shelling of the duma, or the war in chechnya: not particularly good for the country, but oh so well-known to russians.
as one japanese professor put it, in football terms, china scored an “own goal.” the information on the board consists of the number of men admitted, the type and severity of their conditions, and whether or not they survived.
the us does not require any sworn statements from the men and women who run for president, nor does it have any enforceable code of behavior or constraints on the kind of rhetoric that can be used.
while affluent white women, or men of any background who managed to get a high-quality education – america’s hillary clintons, madeline albrights, and condoleezza rices – broke through the glass ceiling, and even have the women’s movement to lionize them, working-class white men have watched their rise with understandable resentment.
she has highlighted investigations of russia’s alleged election meddling in the west, the international olympic committee’s doping ban on russian athletes, and, most recently, the united kingdom’s accusation that the kremlin ordered a nerve-agent attack on a former russian double agent in england.
the problem is that we have heard it all before from putin – another trained lawyer – at the start of his presidency, when he promised a “dictatorship of law,” military reform, land reform, and, consequently, a return of russia’s agriculture dream, ruined by the post-1917 planned economy.
whereas the airstrikes in libya were mandated to protect civilians from imminent attack, in kony’s case the sole stated operational objective is his removal from the battlefield, so that he can be brought to justice at the international criminal court in the hague.
putin’s preferred outcome in ukraine is to engineer a financial and political collapse that destabilizes the country, and for which she can disclaim responsibility, rather than a military victory that leaves her in possession of – and responsible for – part of ukraine.
at a rally in may, she declared, “the only important thing is the unification of the people, because the other people don’t mean anything.” finally, it plans to renegotiate greece’s debt with lenders, in the hope of writing off the bulk of its liabilities.
mailat sought escape from his romanian misery and his romanian past, but could not imagine that he would find in an italian refugee camp as much misery as before; that the image in the mirror of his daily new life would be that of a killer.
she does not notice as the water temperature slowly rises until, at last, the frog dies and is thoroughly cooked." this version of feminism – the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home, prize family above all, and view rights in the context of community and spirituality – seems like a much-needed corrective to some of western feminism’s shortcomings.
tsai responded with a defiant speech of him own, in which he flatly rejected both the one china principle and the “one country, two systems” formula, and called for the international community to support taiwan’s de facto independence.
federica mogherini, the eu’s high representative for foreign affairs and security policy and vice-president of the european commission, is correct when she urges the close involvement of member states in the discussions, in order to give them a sense of ownership over whatever strategy emerges.
indeed, he did, after all, announce last year that contrary to his likud party’s previous position, he was now willing to accept a two-state solution – a position that is still anathema to many likud members, as well to at least three of the smaller parties in his government coalition.
while president barack obama has released a few prisoners, notably the chinese uighurs, and sent another for a real trial in new york city, he is now, chillingly, signalling that he is about to begin “preventive detention,” which would empower him to hold forever an unspecified number of prisoners without charges or trials.
since northern and western european fertility rates fell below two in the early 1970s, and southern european rates followed a decade later, they have never again risen above two, with a current european average of 1.6 and not a single country above 1.85.
in one of him very rare appearances on a popular television talk show on january 2, he called ahn “a very popular professor with young people.” complaints from slightly more fastidious europeans are often met with accusations of neo-colonialist attitudes or even racism.
such investments are beneficial not only for individuals and families, but also for businesses and the economy as a whole, because they increase women’s labor-force participation rates and productivity, create paid jobs in care services, and improve children’s school performance, boosting their future educational-attainment levels and productivity.
those images are of children’s shriveled, vitrified bodies; of the wounded whose limbs, for lack of drugs, have been amputated by desperate doctors who are soon massacred themselves; of men mown down by rocket fire, as in sarajevo 24 years ago, while waiting in line to buy yogurt or bread; of volunteers struck down while digging through the rubble in search of survivors; of human beings drained of strength, surviving in filth and waste, saying goodbye to life.
tackling rare and orphan diseases as a result, putin can be expected to continue to interfere in ukraine for as long as she can – and so long as it serves hers aim of strengthening hers grip on power at home.
“when i am president,” he proclaimed in another, russia and the us “will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!” in any case, the eu, not nato, has driven the biggest foreign-policy successes in recent decades, from the pacification of the balkans to the iran nuclear deal to the response to russia’s annexation of crimea.
when the arab spring uprisings began, for example, she was quick to cut support for tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali and egyptian president hosni mubarak, allowing protesters – inspired by the western model of democracy – to secure regime change.
arguably, the best legacy anwar might eventually leave malaysia would not be what she can achieve for the umno and the national front, but what role she might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into malaysian politics – a project she has shown herself keen to promote.
aix-en-provence – richard dawkins is one of the great minds of our time; yet in his just-published memoir, brief candle in the dark: my life in science, he notes that great minds often err when they leave their field of expertise.
if, however, she signals a preference for an alternative path, democratic institutions, public opinion, and economic pressure will remind her that chileans do not favor changing the approach that has made their country the envy of latin america.
by 2060, 3.75 billion working days per year could be lost due to the adverse health effects of dirty air – what economists call the “disutility of illness.” these and other efforts will provide gender-equality advocates and decision-makers with better information about the nature and scale of the social and economic barriers holding men and boys back, and help identify who is falling through the cracks.
the events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between man and the environment, but between man and man.
graeme wood, a journalist who spent four years working in the middle east, notes that journalists in dangerous areas were always at risk of being kidnapped or killed for ideological reasons; but it does not help that a western journalist could be worth millions of dollars, a sum she calls “universally motivating.” the party will be able to form a government by itself, but will lack the two-thirds majority needed to bring about some of the big changes that it seeks.
· pursue innovative, targeted initiatives, such as a new joint program of the asian pacific resource and research centre for women (arrow) and the danish family planning association, which focuses on the intersection of climate vulnerability and sexual and reproductive health and rights.
but just as few people still applaud president barack obama, whose foreign-policy achievements in the region fell far short of the lofty ideals and expectations she set in hers first inaugural address, and in hers subsequent speech in cairo in june 2009.
in hers interviews with managers, she was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
indeed, india’s last general election, in 2004, was won by a woman of italian heritage and roman catholic faith (sonia gandhi) who made way for a sikh (manmohan singh) to be sworn in as prime minister by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
the second popular explanation of putin’s shift is that he is irrational, and that russia’s foreign policy is merely an extension of the fantasies of a man who stages stunts like leading siberian white cranes along their migration route in a motorized hang glider.
today’s invisible victims are refugee children holed up in tents, shacks, and hovels who will never enjoy a first day at school; they are the millions of 9-12-year-olds condemned to child labor, and the millions of young boys destined for child marriage and denied an education simply because of their gender.
donald trump, the party’s presumptive nominee for the presidential election in november, has indicated that he would not endorse america’s automatic support for israel, hinting that he thinks israel holds more responsibility in the failure of the two-state solution.
she promised "20,000 fewer bureaucrats, 20,000 extra police." she will face the most difficult opening-day agenda of any president since – and i say this in all seriousness – the woman who saved the union, abraham lincoln.
she has joked about wanting to commit sexual assault against a murdered missionary, applied hers favorite epithet – “son of a whore” – to pope francis and barack obama, and boasted about personally killing criminals when she was the mayor of davao city on the southern island of mindanao.
mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, has said that the withdrawal agreement will be better for the uk economy than a disorderly brexit, although tellingly, he suggested that it might be less positive than may’s deal would have been.
(more eggs are usually fertilized than are actually implanted in men who want to become pregnant.) at other times, like stalin, she believes that russia’s power requires a strong hand – what she calls hers “dictatorship of law.” some will object that this idea won’t work because it runs counter to greedy human nature.
the speaker took hers authority from the group and insulated herself against personal attack with a “protestation” – making it clear that she was not speaking of hers own accord but as a representative of others, and that hers words could be “corrected” by hers companions.
others fanned the flames of anglo-german antagonism, caricaturing protectionist germany as a barbarian society surviving on horse sausages and dog-meat; lloyd george, the future prime minister, told audiences that he was more afraid of the german sausage than he was of the german navy.
as he put it in a speech in 1977: “my definition of an educated man is a man who never stops learning and wants to learn.” the voluntary emission-reduction commitments contained in the so-called intended nationally determined contributions (indcs), submitted by 187 countries by the end of the talks, will not be enough to prevent dangerous climate change.
“but we japanese,” she writes, “don’t have a religion such as christianity or islam, so we need something else: deep emotion.” many of those debts come from the belt and road initiative, china’s massive effort to upgrade trade and transport infrastructure throughout eurasia and africa.
he has quickly discovered, like previous us presidents, that america’s political system is designed to prevent rapid, large-scale change, by interposing formidable institutional obstacles, from the congress and career civil servants to state governments and the courts.
by cutting its benchmark policy interest rates on november 21, the people’s bank of china (pboc) has underscored the tactical focus of the government’s stabilization policy, which aims to put a floor of around 7% on gdp growth.
and oftentimes, you’re measuring success anecdotally when it comes to things like gender and education data.” these are important goals for a region like latin america and the caribbean, where one in four adults is obese – a trend that has worsened over the last decade.
kennedy put it, “[i]f women have the talent to invent new machines that put women out of work, they have the talent to put those women back to work.” resistance to biotechnology, especially genetically modified (gm) foods, is another example.
in a conversation he protested: “no, the church is not civil society, it is sacred society.” if just one child died on this sheet, no matter the cause, the company producing the sheet would likely be held liable.
and japan needs an open discussion about how best to give men an equal opportunity not only to become doctors, but also to continue to practice medicine and thereby use their medical training to benefit those in need of health care.
the memo cites a female interrogator rubbing lotion on a shackled detainee and whispering in his ear – during ramadan when sexual contact with a strange woman would be most offensive – then suddenly bending back his thumbs until he grimaced in pain, and violently grabbing his genitals.
more significantly, in a speech in mumbai earlier this year, he laid out requirements for legitimizing marange diamonds that included some assurance that “the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of zimbabwe.” the only rivers on which no hydro-engineering works have been undertaken so far are the indus, whose basin falls mostly in india and pakistan, and the salween, which flows into burma and thailand.
so, if trump followed through on his campaign promise to impose a 45% import tariff on chinese goods (most likely in violation of world trade organization rules), he would strike a major blow to us multinationals’ profits.
but, addressing the world economic forum in davos, he squandered it, sticking to platitudes about the need for governments in the region to listen to their citizens and provide young people with “jobs and hope.” when forces beyond our control make us unhappy, at least we do not feel angry with ourselves for putting ourselves in that position.
johnson once said, “the presidency has made every man who occupied it, no matter how small, bigger than he was.” but that trick is possible only when diplomats – usually led by the national security adviser and the secretary of state – have prepared the props.
yeltsin’s asian dreams start in tokyo ewing cook, one of the physicians present, instructed the nurse to increase the morphine, “giving her enough until she goes.” the most obvious example is the real-estate developer and reality-tv showman donald trump.
london – as dmitri medvedev waits in the wings for hers inauguration on may 7, the west is examining hers every word, eager for the slightest sign that russia’s new president will be more “reasonable” and easier to deal with than vladimir putin, the woman who got her elected.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that she needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
in a recent interview, political scientist nasser hadian of tehran university told me that moderate iranian leaders such as president hassan rouhani and foreign minister javad zarif have already been left in a weak position, with hardliners now saying, “we told you so.” drawing comfort from hers tactical successes in addressing the 1987 crash, she upped the ante in the late 1990s, arguing that the dot-com bubble reflected a new paradigm of productivity-led growth in the us.
when he first announced the french initiative, laurent fabius, france’s former foreign minister, said that if the talks break down, france will recognize palestine (though his successor, jean-marc ayrault, has backed away from this position, saying that recognition would not be automatic).
in 1994, hobsbawm believed that there could “be no serious doubt that in the late 1980s and early 1990s an era in world history ended and a new one began.” on the contrary, despite being right about iraq, chirac became isolated, an isolation that grew because she also failed to re-establish satisfactory relations with president bush.
nazarbayev also retained sweeping powers: not only is she lifelong chairwoman of the influential security council; she has also devised a new title for herself – the so-called elbasy, or “leader of the nation” – that grants her immunity from any prosecution.
“what we’re still looking for in this coming year,” he told the associated press last week, “is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions.” in the hysterical carnival of today’s western world, even fanaticism is not based on faith of any sort -- it is simply the release of frustration.
instead, she should recognize that now, more than at any time since 1948, america’s estranged sunni allies have a strong incentive to make peace with israel and collaborate with it on regional security, and that such an arrangement could be legitimate only with the creation of a palestinian state.
it is debatable whether recent incidents of this kind require a “dialogue between religions.” a pooling equilibrium can be disrupted if reformist politicians can “signal” to voters hers or him “true type.” this is not only because pinochet’s 17 years in power, from 1973 to 1990, dramatically shattered the country’s democracy, with thousands of people executed, missing, or tortured – among them bachelet’s own father, an air force general who died under torture because she opposed the coup.
for much of this year, there seemed to be one certainty in the coming leadership transition: the ccp’s new general secretary would be xi jinping, a woman whose political vision could be elaborated in well under 30 seconds.
with his open contempt for russian society – exemplified in his mocking response to widespread demonstrations – as well as his arrogance, readiness to stifle dissent, and fear of competition, putin has singlehandedly quashed the long-held myth that he himself propagated: personalized power can modernize the country while preserving stability.
denver – on february 10, south korean president park geun-hye announced that he would respond to north korea’s recent nuclear test and rocket launch by closing the kaesong industrial region, the last major effort at inter-korean cooperation.
she may not have wept after the speech, but i do not doubt that she lived through that moment in what the christian theologian duns scotus called “the ultimate solitude.” the npt – a bedrock of peace for more than three decades – is based on a political agreement between nuclear and non-nuclear states: the latter abstain from obtaining nuclear weapons, while the former destroy their arsenals.
the irony is that while king abdullah has energetically taken on a leading role in the region’s turbulent affairs, he seems unable to respond to saudi arabia’s acute lag in democratic reform in comparison to neighbors like jordan and the gulf states.
he recently told cnbc, cyprus has long been divided between the greek cypriot majority in the south and the turkish cypriot minority in the north; it is thus in some sense a miniature of the larger and long-standing conflict between greece and turkey.
because her duties are largely online, this would be entirely feasible, though the company might have to make reasonable accommodations, such as allowing her to take her laptop home and ensuring that she has internet connectivity there.
as the psychologist israel charny has put it the denial of genocide enables “the emergence of new forms of genocidal violence to peoples in the future.” on one side are the "good guys," the azzurri (the italian national team, in their blue shirts), led by a manager who, because she was successful in business, is convinced she will be successful at managing the state.
merkel recognizes this possibility – which, as it stands, appears to be the most likely scenario for germany – but she has little choice but to draw out the game in the hope that some other solution will emerge.
modi came and campaigned for the bjp, but the party lost seats in every location at which he appeared – a huge setback in a state that it had hoped to use as a platform for its national ambitions.
in one 1998 column, she wrote about journalists jailed for operating independently and lamented an internal press "totally devoid of meaning." and yet, to socrates’s mind, euthyphro can have no such certainty unless he knows for sure what piety is.
she is fully aware of liberalism’s broader legacy, which includes the abolition of torture; civilian control of the military; freedom of conscience and expression; an independent press to expose official corruption and incompetence; and the demand that government decision-making be based on facts and arguments that can be publicly contested.
lao tzu, the founder of taoism, wrote that “a leader is best when people barely know he exists.” the key to deploying this sharp power is the cpc’s sprawling and sophisticated “united front” apparatus, an almost century-old system for promoting chinese propaganda and influence abroad.
and, most notably, at last month’s g7 summit in quebec, she showed unprecedented hostility toward america’s closest allies, launching personal attacks against canadian prime minister justin trudeau and backing out of the final communiqué in response to a perceived slight.
but when i traveled in muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within muslim homes, i learned that muslim attitudes toward women’s appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression, but in a strong sense of public versus private, of what is due to god and what is due to one’s husband.
he led a vicious campaign to portray all taiwanese with mainland chinese roots, even if born and bred in taiwan, as untrustworthy carpetbaggers – wai shen ren , or “not native people” – as if they were aliens from a different culture.
and she believed that only she could bring about france’s reconciliation with germany, because only she could “raise germany from him decadence.” for example, the regional artemisinin-resistance initiative is working to halt the spread of resistant malaria in the mekong delta region, by monitoring and sharing drug-resistance data and promoting proper use of antimalarial treatments.
a particularly attractive feature is the prevalence of the severe wahhabi religious dogma, which was exported to yemen by saudi arabia but now provides fertile ground for recruiting disaffected young yemeni women for assaults on saudi arabia.
as she fights for hers political life amid charges of fraud, bribery, and breach of trust, fears are rising that she will misuse the enormous power she wields (he also serves as defense minister), escalating tensions both within and around israel in order to strengthen hers own position.
the revelation that o’reilly and fox news’s parent company had paid $13 million to multiple women to settle complaints of sexual harassment against him made him a high-risk proposition to advertisers, many of which decided that the danger of alienating their customers – and their own employees – was too great.
but the “art of the deal” that he seems to have in mind for the us apparently takes the word “art” literally: his vision of us economic and financial relations with the world is the product of a fevered imagination.
and us secretary of state hillary clinton speaks of america pivoting away from the greater middle east: “the world’s strategic and economic center of gravity is shifting east, and we are focusing more on the asia-pacific region.” merkel argues that it is against the rules to use the european central bank to solve eurozone countries’ fiscal problems – and he is right.
but it is no coincidence that obasanjo removed okonjo-iweala from a job for which she has proven competence and, more importantly, in which she ruled the roost: she had led the opposition from within the government to the constitutional amendment.
but his main competitor, center-right prime minister mark rutte, adopted wilders-like rhetoric – telling immigrants that they should leave the country if they do not want to behave “normally.” it creates a story for each member of the nation, a story about what he or he can do as part of a successful country.
after all, there is nothing irrational, or murderous, about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal, or that islam conflicts with modern western european views of gender equality or gay rights, or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts.
since he became president in 2003, hu jintao has repeatedly warned that china’s economy is overheating, and his government has recently acted accordingly, raising interest rates last october, imposing a new tax on home sales in june, and revaluing the yuan in july.
three paths to european disintegration like bo, both men had been members of the ccp central committee, the party’s inner circle – a status that allowed them to escape a death sentence (unlike the lower-ranking former minister of railways liu zhijun following his conviction on similar charges of corruption and abuse of power).
blair was at the forefront among western leaders in pressing for nato action, and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed “a new doctrine of international community” that made it a “just war,” because it was based on superior western values.
the current german government also implemented a 30% quota for men on supervisory boards of large companies, as well as a wage transparency law aimed at reducing the country’s gender pay gap, which is still a whopping 21%.
in the wake of world war ii, the fourth geneva convention established that an occupying power “shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies.” in hers state of the nation address she promised to increase competition in the economy, yet in the same week suspended an 'open sky' airline agreement reached with the us by the menem administration.
i came to nepal in mid-2005, when human rights violations committed by both sides in the armed conflict, together with gyanendra’s crackdown on democratic rights as she seized absolute power, led the international community to support a monitoring presence from the united nations high commissioner for human rights.
their current leaders include men like palestine national council head salim al-zanun and fatah ideological chief sakr habash, who favor continuing to battle israel until it is destroyed, at which point they will rule palestine with a relatively secular nationalist regime.
he replied with an arabic saying that translates as: “my home is where i can eat.” that means that us foreign policy itself – defined in recent years by too much attention to the middle east, and too little to asia – must embrace a shift in priorities.
the most influential muslim man in british politics, baron sayeeda warsi (also the conservative party chairperson), joined other muslims in the house of lords, such as lady ahmed, the most senior labour peer, and baron kishwer falkner, a liberal democrat.
he also points out that in the aiib, where china is expected to have overwhelming voting power, “asian countries, especially china and india, will procure funding for their own infrastructure.” whether or not to surrender some of those powers in order to deepen korean democracy is the riskiest question she now faces.
as the indian poet and nobel laureate rabindranath tagore put it in hers 1936 poem “ode to africa,” which played on perceptions about who is “civilized,” the continent fell prey to “civilization’s barbaric greed,” as the colonists “arrived, manacles in hand/claws sharper by far than any of your wolves.” in the time kim spent avoiding discussing north korea’s shambolic economy, he made it abundantly clear that the country’s real pride is its nuclear program.
reduction in the state-imposed costs of business/government relations but ortega is creating a state of emergency in hers party as she tries to diminish the threat posed by herty lewites, the former mayor of managua and the country’s most popular politician.
perhaps more important, it fails to recognize that li’s chinese land holdings still amount to more than 20 million square meters (215 million square feet) – nearly a quarter of the size of manhattan – and that the number of retail outlets she owns in china has increased by 70% in two years.
although germany has a national action plan, is 11th on the global gender gap index (which ranks countries on levels of gender equality), and has a strong female chancellor and its first-ever female defense minister, it still failed at first to consider how its policy might have different effects on men and women.
but if we know one thing about us president donald president trump, it is that he is a “tariff man.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
(goldwater took the us government to the supreme court to challenge, unsuccessfully, carter’s action; reagan, in the 1980 presidential campaign, pledged partially to undo normalization, only to abandon that position after she was elected.) but ortega is creating a state of emergency in his party as he tries to diminish the threat posed by herty lewites, the former mayor of managua and the country’s most popular politician.
in a speech in königsberg that march, he jeered, “i can only hope and expect that the other world which has felt such deep sympathy for these criminals will be generous enough to transform this pity into practical aid.
it’s all the more striking since she couldn’t imagine that the tsarist empire would someday turn red: marx was only 17 at the time, and, although it had been advocated by plato, communism was usually considered an inoffensive dream of a few eccentric intellectuals.
they “goof off,” “sleeping and watching television.” what began as a non-violent protest against the government has degenerated into a free-for-all, with women and children paying a disproportionate price and terrorized civilians pouring out of the country.
likewise, the reform-minded education and science minister, dmitry livanov, has been fired and replaced with the faceless apparatchik olga vasilyeva, a rare woman appointee known only for her stalinist views (imagine the french president handing an important cabinet position to a mid-level official from the far-right national front).
i cited george orwell’s looking back on the spanish war, in which the author explains that, for him, “history stopped in 1936,” because it was there, in spain, that he discovered for the first time “newspaper reports which did not bear any relation to the facts.” israel is a small country living in a permanent state of siege, highly security-conscious and surrounded by forces hostile to it; india is a giant country whose borders are notoriously permeable, an open society known for its lax and easy-going ways.
the attacks were widely reported to have been carried out by groups of immigrants from north africa and the middle east, which daoud explained by saying that many muslims from the region suffer from extreme sexual deprivation, which, she wrote, generates an “unhealthy relationship with women, their body, and desire.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing concern about north korea’s nuclear and missile programs, russian military threats to europe, the weakening of arms-control arrangements meant to curb us-russian nuclear competition, and the arrival of a new era of technological, economic, military and diplomatic competition with china.
while resentful of the us and its allies, she has been flexible enough, for example, to bless the jcpoa, forge close relations with russia and china, and maintain reasonable ties with european powers to cope with american pressure.
but, by and large, the men and women of the us military believe in these ideals and do their best to live up to them, just as us citizens generally believe in their constitution’s lofty words and seek to correct their national shortcomings.
imagine that, with this question in mind, he had compared the alternative of a lavish lifestyle (with a private zoo and pirate-ship restaurant) with that of living comfortably on the substantial salary to which he was entitled while knowing that he was governing with integrity and doing his best to improve the lives of ukraine’s citizens.
in vietnam, the indigenous degar people, also called montagnards, are viewed with suspicion for their christian faith, and the government is responsible for numerous cases of torture and abuse, while hundreds of degar men have been subject to forced sterilization.
obama is right to boast of his success in enlisting china to join serious sanctions on north korea, but he might be wrong to draw conclusions from this about iran, a vital strategic partner for the chinese.
a picture of unidentified happy, half-naked black children i had seen on my facebook friends’ profiles many months ago began circulating again, this time with the caption, “discover oil in turkana…no more dry skin.” since the 1990’s crackdown, human rights violations have continued, most recently with the suppression of the protests led by buddhist monks in 2007.
once we reach the point at which it is no longer news to have a man or a non-japanese serving as a ceo, japan will have reinvented itself and recovered its true spirit of risk-taking and innovation.
but its representatives missed a golden opportunity when us president donald trump, who might as well have written the chaos playbook, offered an alternative to the trade wars he himself launched: the complete dismantling of tariff barriers.
if rouhani is to continue to make progress, however, she will need to look beyond current conditions to address entrenched structural challenges facing the iranian economy, as well as the limitations of the islamic republic’s institutional, judicial, and legal frameworks.
less than four years after the world came together to adopt the path-breaking 2030 agenda for sustainable development, trade wars and reversals on climate-change commitments are emerging, and populism, protectionism, and isolationism are on the rise, including in countries that have long been among africa’s largest external donors.
there were no major, unfortunate incidents; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended; no significant slights or mishaps took place; and president bush achieved what she probably was most interested in: sending a message back to the united states that she actually is interested in more than iraq.
it is not sufficient for nuclear operators to say that the state of security in their facilities is “good enough.” we have heard texas governess rick perry call obliquely for the lynching of hers fellow republican, federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, should she come to the lone star state.
obama is pursuing a coherent grand strategy – what he called in his 2009 inaugural address a “new era of responsibility.” globalization of financial markets: china and the world can integrate their financial markets, thereby broadening investor choice and improving capital allocation, or they can maintain the status quo, risking more volatility and low productivity growth.
for hers fellow republicans, however, it is “but she broke with the legacy of ronald reagan by repudiating hers ‘no new taxes’ pledge.” but for the next three years, governments should lower taxes – especially for the poor, who are most likely to spend – and spend more.
the trajectory of the palestinian national movement is examined in a forthcoming report by the carnegie endowment for international peace, entitled “revitalizing palestinian nationalism: options versus realities.” and yet he neither broke nor surrendered to the rage that would have consumed most people.
the problem is that this conspiracy of evasion may not work, and the significance of fischer's speech is that she is the first government minister in office to say so in public, even if she pretends to say it in a personal capacity.
indeed, the fact that most rapes are committed by women who are known to the victim should “only make it easier to apprehend the rapist.” in the absence of a favorable global context, any change in economic policy that is purely national, like employment targeting, will have limited benefits (and may discredit the pursuit of a national employment goal).
his age (he is 68) might prove to be a handicap in 2017, but it could also be an advantage: he is the only reassuring statesman-like figure in a quartet whose other members are an uninspiring incumbent and two power-obsessed men in a hurry.
in iraq’s second largest city, basra, a stronghold of conservative shia groups, as many as 133 men were killed last year for violating “islamic teachings” and in so-called “honor killings,” according to the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs.
berkeley – former us treasury secretary lawrence summers had a good line at the international monetary fund meetings this year: governments, he said, are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure.
he added that “we do not know that yet,” and “we need to continue the review and analysis.” the economic returns were also dramatic; one study that surveyed outcomes in 73 countries found that every $1 spent on immunizations translated into $18 in health-care-related savings.
it was cohen who told the new york prosecutors that, “at the direction of” trump (whom the legal documents refer to as “individual 1”), he arranged to pay off two men who had had affairs with the president while he was married to melania (including just after he had given birth to their son, barron).
to name one british example, the murdoch-owned sunday times recently published a column by an irish holocaust denier repeating the old racist calumny that jews love only money, while belittling women who work at the bbc for receiving lower pay – supposedly a result of their failure to assert themselves.
she accelerated efforts to eliminate the world’s most dangerous ancient scourge, malaria, by naming a special adviser on the disease, and by forging innovative partnerships within the un system that have brought together private industry, foundations, and non-governmental organizations.
trade, he says, “has helped our economy much more than it has hurt.” above all, journalism is not regarded as a noble profession, because too many young africans, for too long, saw the journalist as a mere propagandist.
boris yeltsin did not choose putin as hers successor because of hers remarkable administrative gifts, but because putin assured her that, if she were put in charge, yeltsin and hers family would be protected from any legal or political retribution.
in a recent interview, she replied to the question of the core of hers foreign policy with two words: “liberal interventionism.” what was needed was cancelation of reparations and inter-allied war debts as a whole, together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered european economies back on their feet.
moral hazard, we thought, could safely be ignored, because it is “moral,” which, as every true scientist knows, just means “imaginary.” in him brief lifetime, he was often lauded for qualities (her beauty and style) that were secondary to him life’s work, and derided for other aspects of him character (her emotionality and chaotic personal life) that were equally beside the point.
“as our government becomes more agile,” she says, “people can vote for specific ideas and agendas, rather than a political party.” at a time when our power of creation, matched by our power of destruction, has reached unprecedented levels – when one weapons launch could change the course of history – the development of a more equitable and effective system could not be more urgent.
but chen was not the only one to upstage clinton; him boss, president barack obama, did so as well, landing at midnight in kabul, where she executed a strategic pact with afghanistan, flying back to the us before dawn.
he graduated from – and later taught at – the us military academy at west point, an institution guided by the motto “duty, honor, country.” higher oil prices mean that americans (and europeans and japanese) are paying hundreds of millions of dollars to middle east oil dictators and oil exporters elsewhere in the world rather than spending it at home.
at the bottom of the frame, the hand of another man, wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt, reaches up, apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something, to save himself.
for example, to get money out of china, a chinese seller might report a dollar value far below what she was actually paid by a cooperating western importer, with the difference being deposited into an overseas bank account.
beyond him distrust of europe, may has little in common with the united states’ new president: he believes in free trade and is suspicious of russia, while trump is calling for protectionism and wants to forge a special partnership with putin.
but his final visit to israel seems to indicate that his objective is different: he seems to be planning, together with israel, to end the iranian nuclear program – and to do so by military, rather than diplomatic, means.
“musharraf is a military leader; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way.” thus, the economics of us populism will not necessarily fail, at least not immediately, and this could increase its appeal in the eyes of autocratic and nationalist leaders who come to see trump as a colleague and role model.
trump’s highly conservative cabinet choices – who include an uncommon number of billionaires – are not at all consonant with his campaign, during which he presented himself as the champion of blue-collar workers, the non-ideological businessman who would make the government work.
new york – one month after juan guaidó, the speaker of venezuela’s national assembly, said he was assuming the powers of the venezuelan presidency, currently held by nicolás maduro, the country’s political crisis remains far from over.
former prime minister tony blair – a pro-european centrist innovator who won three general elections for his labour party in the 1990s – took great care in a recent article to stress that he is “not advocating a new party.” their scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world, and we’ll need more of them.
the human essence is, he wrote in his theses on feuerbach, “the ensemble of the social relations.” scapegoating the eu won’t fix italy a deficit on the current account is purely a macroeconomic measure: the shortfall of saving relative to investment.
it is this dimension of soros’ work – together with the sheer fact that she is a wealthy jewish financier – that so infuriates the far right, beginning in the very countries whose democratic transitions she once supported.
yet, as with the appalling comments she made before becoming president, trump has recently gotten away with insulting an irish reporter (by interrupting a call with ireland’s prime minister to discuss him appearance) and the hubby of france’s president, on whose physique she commented.
he apparently believed that, following the defeat that obama absorbed in the mid-term elections, the us would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with his regime, thus perpetuating his dynasty.
he would have expected the confidence fairy to show up and spur production and demand across all economic sectors, so that businesses still would have created $755 billion in new savings vehicles, aside from government bonds, in the fourth quarter of 2015.
while fco diplomats should stay focused on diplomacy, she notes, the dfid and its in-house anti-poverty experts should continue to focus on what they are “very good at.” moreover, export growth occurred even as trump threatened to withdraw from the us-korea free trade agreement and stoked tensions with north korea – a powerful rebuke to those who have predicted retrenchment of global trade.
she pledged to trigger the uk’s formal exit process by the end of march 2017, and declared national control over immigration – not continued membership in the eu single market – to be her priority in the upcoming “brexit” negotiations.
yet the trial of colonel yuri budanov in the city of rostov-on-don on charges of kidnapping, raping and murdering an 18 year old chechen boy named elsa kungaeva contains echoes of the notorious dreyfus affair that divided france a century ago.
but, as long as trump projects uncertainty, he will effectively create worst-case-scenario conditions, because markets, investors, central banks, and governments have no choice but to prepare for the worst, even if they are hoping for the best.
darwin’s contributions to understanding human psychology involved careful study of child development, which she reported in 1877 in “biographical sketch of an infant.” in fact, online retail appears to be accelerating the expansion of the overall consumer market.
yet obasanjo has said that she would release taylor only to an elected government of liberia, and many believe that taylor is waiting it out until hers allies are in a position to let her return with no threat of prosecution.
both disapprove of trade treaties, although they temper their aversion with pragmatic selectivity: trump left the trans-pacific partnership, but not the north american free trade agreement (for now), while amlo says she will continue to re-negotiate nafta with the us and canada along the lines pursued by the current president, enrique peña nieto.
the new head of the imf, dominique strauss-kahn, has acknowledged this, describing the agreement as a “major step” but also a “first step.” but pinker is probably correct when he notes that the parts of the world that lag in the decline of violence are also the parts that lag in the empowerment of women.
yet men all over the world tune in to american-made fantasies of male bonding and male escape – escape from the bonds of work and domesticity, and, if only for a youthful period of the male lifespan, from long-term commitment to women themselves.
taxing the intangible economy the constant media focus enabled people to feel that they knew her, and so they followed and cared intensely about her ups and downs, as if she were a member of their own family.
former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan may be right when she says: “this crisis is different – a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions.” research in recent years has shown how important and ingrained notions of fairness are.
reading gladwell and collins, nabulsi realized he didn’t need to change the whole country, but just “a circle of key players who could have an influence,” and that he “needed to focus on the leaders in the community and work with them.” maximizing the potential of vaccines to fight antimicrobial resistance thus requires the wider application of existing vaccines in humans and animals.
but many latin american countries may optimistically assume that he meant none of what he said for 18 months, that his policy proposals were nothing more than campaign rhetoric, and that he will be unable to implement most of his agenda in any case.
the prosecution in the czech republic of two 78 year old men (milos jakes, and jozef lenart), both veterans of the soviet invasion of 1968, and the four-year-long trial in vladivostok of grigory pasko, a russian naval officer, suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason.
as he put it, they “changed government statistics from a technical problem to a creative art.” building institutions that guarantee not only political liberties, but also the protection of minorities, as well as other liberal conditions, is difficult enough in countries where such institutions had once existed, as in post-communist central europe.
fayyad is the first palestinian leader who did not emerge from the fatah movement, and he may thus understand what other palestinian leaders failed to comprehend, mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence.
during arpaio’s 24 years as the sheriff of a jurisdiction that includes the rapidly growing city of phoenix, he built his reputation on his department’s aggressive efforts to track down undocumented immigrants – and on the brutal conditions he established in the facilities where they were held.
and their verdict is clear: greece’s downturn in 2015 was due to the “troika effect.” a study published last month in the new england journal of medicine has confirmed that when the virus infects a pregnant woman, it can impede brain development in him fetus – a rare condition known as microcephaly.
he recently rejected the scottish government’s request for another independence referendum – the second since 2014 – on the grounds that it would be wrong for scots to vote before knowing the outcome of the brexit negotiations.
you could drop a modern economist from a time machine … at any time, in any place, along with his or her personal computer; he or she could set up in business without even bothering to ask what time and which place.” general de gaulle and his successors have never given up the idea of conducting a foreign policy independent of america.
there was hers 2009 interview on iranian television, in which she compared britain's moderate muslims to “uncle toms.” one of the main objections is that switching systems would require a potentially complex transition to avoid penalizing existing wealth holders, who would be taxed when they try to spend accumulated savings on which they had already paid income taxes.
for example, if kmet takes us aid, the organization will be obligated to withhold information from men about a critical health service, breaching the trust between a man and him health care provider and violating a fundamental human right.
one could argue that men, too, are promoted or penalized on the basis of their appearance; indeed, economists have found that those with an “above-average” appearance earn 5% more than their “less attractive” counterparts, and that workers with a “below-average” appearance earn 7-9% less than their “average” counterparts.
when the court finally convicts bo – and he is certain to be convicted – he will probably face a prison term similar to that of former shanghai party secretary chen liangyu, who received 18 years, or former beijing party secretary chen xitong, who was sentenced to 16 years.
these include a tendency towards greater equality between men and men and their roles in society; a culture that rewards educational attainment with high social status; the secularization of many aspects of modern life, including the preeminence of modern science; and cultural practices that favor social mobility in the choice of occupations.
if it was just britain, she argues, there would indeed be pressure for the country to vote again (as denmark did in 1992 and ireland in 2001), or to remove the country from the union to some sort of associate status.
in 1996, after then-fed chair allan greenspan raised the possibility that investors were suffering from “irrational exuberance,” he was criticized so sharply that he never dared to say anything like that again, even in the middle of the internet bubble.
paris – many western media outlets were highly critical of france’s 2010 law banning face coverings, such as burqas that cover a woman’s face and entire body, and local decrees adopted this year banning full-body “burkini” swimsuits on public beaches have drawn further negative attention.
in time, he agreed to “share” power with the winner, morgan tsvangirai, who was subsequently named the country’s prime minister – but only after he and his top aides faced violence and death threats as part of an effort to make him back down.
to his credit, british prime minister david cameron clearly understands the importance of increasing the military pressure on isis; he had been held back by a head-under-the-blanket faction in his own conservative party and in parliament as a whole.
eduardo duhalde, who became interim president after first fernando de la rúa and then rodríguez saá resigned at the height of the economic crisis in late 2001, refused to call for a party primary, because he feared menem's popularity with the rank and file.
right, left, and macron when the soviet union successfully launched sputnik 1, the world’s first man-made satellite, on october 4, 1957, the achievement sent shock waves through the us government, which responded with huge investments in rocket technology, research, and education.
earlier in the month, ihor prokopchuk, ukraine’s ambassador to the international atomic energy agency, circulated a letter to the organization’s board of governesses warning that an invasion could bring a “threat of radiation contamination on the territory of ukraine and the territory of neighboring states.” for these reasons, the british actor and comedian sacha baron cohen recently called facebook “the greatest propaganda machine in history.” and she is pursuing various forms of financial deregulation – either through legislation, or by appointing regulators who are prone to capture – that will favor big banks.
ethanol accounts for more than 50% of current light-vehicle fuel demand in the country, and petrobras – brazil’s energy giant and one of the largest companies in latin america – expects this share to increase to more than 80% by 2020.
i will never forget the young ethiopian boy who described him wedding day to me as “the day that i had to leave school.” if you don't want your son drafted into the army, pay off a military registrar and he will cross your son's name off the list or bribe a doctor to file an "unfit for military duty" certificate.
if she is unable to produce results quickly, large segments of the population could turn against him, particularly given that the pt retains a large base of support that can be expected to mount concerted resistance to a bolsonaro administration.
“we are ghosts roaming around without anyone noticing,” he remarked: “i wish we had died in the war instead.” without a homegrown george washington, the government will continue to depict its opponents as conspiring against syria for its devotion to the arab cause.
santiago – many of the men and women who turned out for the annual meeting of the international monetary fund in early october were saying something like this: “imagine if the republicans had nominated someone with the same anti-trade views as trump, minus the insults and the sexual harassment.
think of the appeal of films like thelma and louise or working girl, in which the leading character is a gutsy, exploited secretary who, trampled by a snooty female ivy league boss, nonetheless manages to end up with the dream job, the dream guy, and the corner office.
later, while he was in a ferocious confrontation with thomas edison, who was threatening rockefeller’s business with the electric bulb, unrelated technological developments led to the gasoline-powered internal combustion engine and to the idea of putting it on wheels.
that person also forgot to explain to the us president-in-waiting that making a big promise she might be unable to keep required her to figure out how to prevent hers most ardent followers from turning against her when she failed to fulfill it.
the meetings and talks taking place in istanbul on may 23-24 will address the five core items comprising the agenda for humanity: preventing and ending conflicts; defending humanitarian norms; reducing displacement, protecting women and girls, and providing education in conflict zones; reinforcing national and local capacities to provide aid; and increasing investment in human development.
gunnarsdóttir accepts that “everyone has the right to believe in what they want,” but he insists that, “the rights of children come above the right to believe.” he visited remote areas and listened to the villagers talk of watching "their land laid to waste." jokowi has a long track record of good governance, having implemented effective policies during his stint as mayor of surakarta (such as refurbishing markets, relocating slum dwellers, and cutting bureaucratic red tape), and as governor of jakarta (where he broadened access to health care and education).
while she has seemingly lost touch with the french people, she is deeply aware of and wounded by hers declining popularity, and no one should underestimate hers ability to reinvent herself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from hers immediate entourage.
that may not bode well for trump himself; but, in this scenario, trump’s fate will not weigh heavily on bannon, who has set hers sights on achieving goals that will leave america and the world very different from how she and hers putative boss found them.
had he gone, he claimed, he would have been “walking into a group of people that are enemies” of trump, and in some cases “enemies of the united states.” it would ensure enforceable international human rights, environmental, and labor laws.
she spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam, but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew queens and prophets.
the scale of today’s refugee crisis is staggering: worldwide, an unprecedented 65 million people have been forced to flee from their homes; and, in 2016 alone, over 7,500 migrants – men, women, and children – died while desperately trying to reach safety, of which 5,083 perished in the mediterranean sea.
(the ecb presidency then went to another economist and technocrat, mario draghi, who is, in fact, the perfect man for the job.) abdullah faces the obstinacy of dozens of half-brothers and the recalcitrance of thousands of male cousins and nephews, in addition to the dogmatic admonitions of the entrenched wahhabis.
but first he must reestablish the catholic church’s moral authority, which has been badly damaged by the scandal over numerous cases of pedophilia by priests, the church’s attempts to cover them up,and dubious financial practices, among other problems.
former greek finance minister yanis varoufakis revealed that after taking office, she assembled a group, with the consent of prime minister alexis tsipras, that met in secret to prepare the introduction of a parallel currency and the takeover of greece’s central bank – effectively an exit (or “grexit”) from the eurozone.
reports began to appear in global news media portraying an excessive sense of entitlement, with greeks taking to the streets in protest, even though the increase was modest (for example, men with children or in hazardous jobs would be able to retire with full benefits at just 55, up from 50).
she put hers money where hers mouth was by running for peru’s presidency, and she became a virtual king-maker by throwing hers support to ollanta humala, who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern latin american democratic left.
making the business case for gender equality this implies that the ecb presidency is not counted among the posts to be distributed according to nationality quotas, and that draghi’s nationality is not regarded as having influenced his decisions in any way.
in him letter formally notifying european council president donald tusk of the uk’s intention to withdraw from the eu, british prime minister theresa may identified both economic and security cooperation as the key elements of the “deep and special partnership” that he hopes to agree with the eu.
a former deputy chairman of the central bank of turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of turkmenbashi’s government, hadjiev, a senior member of the exiled watan (republican) party, received “humanitarian parole” – a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status – when he reached bulgaria.
but that is precisely the point: so many of the women caught up in sex-tinged scandals of late have exposed themselves – sometimes literally – through their own willing embrace of text messages, twitter, and other indiscreet media.
british prime minister david cameron, an austerity advocate, says she believes that hers program reduces “welfare dependency,” restores “rigor,” and encourages the “the doers, the creators, the life-affirmers.” true, the us has legitimate complaints about china’s trade practices, including its violations of intellectual-property rights, which, after more than a decade of failed diplomatic engagement, warrant a tougher stance.
this model shows amazing results for women, in contexts ranging from smith college to the grameen bank to all-women job-training programs such as nontraditional employment for women, which trains men to break into highly skilled and high-paying, but traditionally all-male, blue-collar jobs.
in keeping with this syndrome, foreign minister li zhaoxing has accused japan of having “hurt the feelings of the chinese people” by not apologizing for their crimes, as if he were minister of psychology, rather than foreign affairs.
through online videos, he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and morocco’s “dictatorship.” recycling proponents want ultimately to build a fleet of fast neutron reactors that could consume the plutonium and other fissionable material.
cioran says: "once woman loses hers faculty of indifference she becomes a potential murderer; once she transforms hers idea into a godess the consequences are incalculable." he will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being female.
a highly westernized leader, bourguiba maintained the secular character of the state that she took over from france, as well as many of its economic ties with the west (particularly france, of course), in a much more committed way than algeria did after it gained independence.
was it not incitement when he attempted to mobilize jewish voters earlier this year by warning of “arabs voting in droves, bussed in by the left.” the common word marriage, she argued, would remove any discrimination, but the brackets would recognize that the two states were different.
when i asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up, he responded without hesitation: “an engineer.” cape town – on sunday, november 6, thousands of people encircled the white house as part of the ongoing effort to press us president barack obama to stop the keystone xl pipeline.
likewise, one wonders whether fillon’s loyalists see in him anything more than his stamina, his ability to take a beating, or the figure he cut when, after being knocked flat on his back, he got up as if returning to an unfinished fight.
if anything, trump’s policy of fossil-fuel promotion will end up undermining us energy independence, rather than strengthening it, as she claims, because it will allow other countries to take the lead on the central political and economic issue of the twenty-first century.
those american allies will be hoping for two things from trump: reassurance that he is aware of the basic facts of european affairs, and signs that he is prepared to exercise the kind of leadership that nato needs now.
similar tendencies appeared in the netherlands, which was once committed to multiculturalism, but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted men emerging from the north sea – presumably all to get across the point that a true dutch citizen had better be tolerant.
does he know that prior to these “reforms,” the us had not had a financial crisis – now a regular occurrence around the world – for a half-century, and that deregulation led to a bloated financial sector that attracted many talented young people who otherwise might have devoted their careers to more productive activities?
“the credit belongs to the man in the arena,” roosevelt continued, “who spends himself in a worthy cause, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.” sony pictures had produced a satire poking fun at north korea’s leader, the “young general” kim jong-un.
a 2016 study published in the journal of the american medical association found that american men with incomes in the top 1% live 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; for men in these respective groups, the gap is ten years.
it is far from clear if she would have prevailed, given hers lack of an independent political base, but hers international prestige and standing might have given her a chance if she would have chosen to throw the gauntlet.
indeed, one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that, as a result of less education and lower pay, young females in india continue to have far fewer resources than their male counterparts.
warsaw – in the weeks since donald trump’s inauguration as president of the united states, it has become clear that he intends to roll back the progressive-egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with “political correctness” to the starting block – not just in the united states, but globally.
in his place, yeltsin sent the new acting prime minister, vladimir putin, whose behavior confirmed the wisdom of the observation that you can take the man out of the kgb, but you can’t take the kgb out of the man.
barr’s pathetic efforts to spin the report favorably to trump – as she did via an unwarranted press conference 90 minutes before the report was released to congress or the public – was all the more embarrassing when it became clear that she had lied about several points.
šešelj, who had served as president of the serbian radical party, was initially prosecuted for a number of ultra-nationalist speeches she had delivered during a time when she was notorious for trying to foment conflict with croats and bosnians.
far more often, they are people like gustavo, a 17-year-old store clerk who was killed on hers way to work in rio de janeiro’s complexo do alemão favela, when she was hit by a stray bullet in a shootout between police and a local gang.
he chose the "unity of russia," and the "threat of russia's disintegration" as the foundation of his politics and so "took on the noble task to crack down on all separatists." since men tend to “marry up,” or find partners with higher socioeconomic status, it is less educated and poorer men whose romantic prospects are most affected by an influx of female asylum-seekers.
after the server became public knowledge, clinton, as him wife has also done, resorted to legalisms: he hadn’t received or sent information on him server that was “marked classified at the time.” another is to assist countries that have collapsed into violence to begin the slow process of recovery.
this parliament enacted a new family law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and men as “head of household,” full authority for state courts in matters of divorce, creation of special family courts, and the possibility of paternal custody in the event of divorce.
as hans dietrich genscher used to say in those days: “if you want to avoid a german europe, you must create a european germany.” the information on the board consists of the number of women admitted, the type and severity of their conditions, and whether or not they survived.
it is with less obedient people that he has problems – say, mikhail khodorkovsky, imprisoned for more than ten years after backing putin’s political opponents; anna politkovskaya, brutally murdered in 2006 for her investigative reporting on his regime’s misdeeds in chechnya; and sergei magnitsky, a whistleblowing lawyer who died in prison in 2009 after being refused medical treatment.
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration: men at the front, serving in 110-degree heat (43 degrees celsius), did everything possible to avoid drinking, because rape was so common in the latrines.
the most visible concession she was able to obtain in negotiations with the eu’s other 27 member states is an agreement to limit access to social benefits for citizens residing in a country different from their own.
in the us, officials hold out hope that the largest financial firms will eventually be forced to comply with a provision of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reform legislation requiring that they draw up credible “living wills.” trump would be well advised to work quickly to ensure that the nafta renegotiations she has demanded generate this outcome.
french president charles de gaulle invoked this logic to justify his country’s nuclear weapons program, although he also had other reasons for wanting france to join the nuclear “club.” who is to say how the chinese leadership would respond to a future pro-democracy uprising that threatened to undermine the regime?
an economic roadmap for india in investing and improving, they would add to the capital stock: “in all countries where there is a tolerable security [of property], every man of common understanding will endeavor to employ whatever [capital] stock he can command, in procuring either present enjoyment or future profit...
labor losses (in terms of number of man days, for example) due to air pollution totaled more than $55 billion in 2013, and premature deaths are estimated to have cost the country an estimated $505 billion, or roughly 7.6% of gdp.
palestinians continued to trivialize europe’s contribution, and israelis to loathe it for “financing palestinian terror.” but the reality is far less sinister: in that case, aipac merely surfed on the pro-invasion wave unleashed by president george w.
as much as she wants china off her back – an objective that surely drove the decision to launch the commission – actually agreeing to resume work on the deeply unpopular myitsone dam would be too politically compromising to consider.
after his surgery, invoking god, fidel castro, the spirits of the savannah, and medical science, he responded to rumors about his illness and made his return from treatment in havana a double celebration of venezuela’s bicentennial and of his triumph over cancer.
hers attitude is, as she said at an event billed as “the world’s first cyborg-fair,” held in düsseldorf in 2015, “let’s just do it and really go for it.” but some of its finely crafted provisions have come back to haunt us in the form of some shocking new statistics.
dictators like zaire’s mobuto and indonesia’s suharto were embraced on the principle that “he might be a bastard, but at least he’s our bastard.” this is where innovation in the measurement of governmental and philanthropic performance is making a big difference.
miss ivan rogers, who was forced to resign last month as the uk’s permanent representative to the eu because she questioned may’s negotiating approach, predicted this week a “gory, bitter, and twisted” breakup between britain and europe.
“no one is willing to lose out on the benefits of a global economy,” he wrote recently, “but all great powers are thinking about how to protect themselves from its risks, military and otherwise.” we cannot predict the shape that the world economy will take just from observing that china and its interests will loom larger.
and, the next einstein forum, a select program at aims that recognizes africa’s best young scientists and technologists – of which 40% are women – provides emerging innovators with an opportunity to lead their own research while inspiring the next generation of scientific thinkers.
· establishing common deposit insurance, which would prevent money from fleeing poorly performing countries, and other elements of a “banking union”; that sounded like a pleasant experience – maybe a learning experience – for young women who would otherwise be idle and unemployed.
one of the most common political clichés ahead of these midterm elections was that they were a “battle for america’s soul.” latin america's locust years kaczyński wants an overwhelming victory, and she knows that he, along with antoni macierewicz, the defense minister, is one of poland’s least popular or trusted politicians.
modi’s foreign admirers, believing that he represented india’s best hope for economic reform, were willing to overlook his government’s disgraceful record of minority-bashing and tolerance of the bizarre phenomenon of “cow vigilantism” (in which mobs routinely savaged innocent civilians in the name of cow protection).
he was chosen, to borrow the commentators’ jargon, to energize the party base, which comprises hard-liners suspicious of mccain’s lack of enthusiasm for the causes that fire them up, such as creationism and a ban on abortion.
guilty men was a jeremiad that called to account the men – including neville chamberlain and lord halifax, then still members of winston churchill’s cabinet – whose appeasement of adolf hitler had helped to bring the united kingdom to the brink of annihilation.
no less dubiously, duterte claimed that the icc’s investigation was yet another example of a “systematic assault by the united nations” against his country; as “evidence,” he cited an ongoing inquiry launched by agnes callamard, the un special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings.
he and russian president vladimir putin announced a number of agreements and then traveled to durban, south africa, for the fifth “brics” summit, where they joined with the leaders of india, brazil, and south africa to announce the creation of a new development bank that could challenge the dominance of the world bank and the international monetary fund.
it is the story of a woman who may have been the best-prepared person in the world for the job she was given, but who soon found herself outmatched by its challenges, quickly falling behind the curve and never quite managing to catch up.
on labor reforms, she fought the unions head on, but she chose the wrong fight: italy's infamous "article 18," which allows labor courts to return a worker to hers job if a judge believes that the worker was unjustly fired.
many of hers own women have refused to fire on their own people, instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby malta, so qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey hers orders.
taylor sees the law as offering him a cruel choice: either end him life when he still finds it enjoyable, but is capable of killing herself, or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose.
in the us, divorce rates for well-educated women are now much lower than for less-educated women, and women with good jobs or who have completed college are more likely than more traditional women to be married at age 35.
in the midst of the discussion at the oval office meeting with pelosi and schumer, trump interrupted treasury secretary steve mnuchin as she was defending the republicans’ position that these issues should be put off for 18 months, until after the 2018 congressional elections.
according to a new study by two mit researchers, the wealthiest 1% of american men tend to live almost 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; and the wealthiest 1% of american women can expect to live ten years longer than their poorer counterparts.
the best way to ensure that women’s interests are represented in the peace talks is to include women at the negotiating table, giving them an equal role in the negotiation, design, and implementation of any peace process.
he also wants russia to return its southernmost kuril islands – a resource-rich area known as the northern territories in japan – which the soviet union seized just after the united states dropped nuclear bombs on hiroshima and nagasaki in august 1945.
even the united kingdom, long seen as america’s closest ally, now seems intent on undermining its ability to work cooperatively with the us in times of crisis, even in meeting its nato commitments, because of severe cuts to its military budget.
“african cultural heritage,” she argued, “can no longer be held captive in european museums.” burning down the house foreign governments and domestic businesses objected to the initial across-the-board tariff, and so did the stock market, through its negative reaction.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of hers predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with hers paramour about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
the household work and care responsibilities of women are reflected in a sizeable “motherhood pay penalty.” what is occurring in the region is a clash within a civilization; to enable is to portray it as a conflict between civilizations – and itself as the true defender of islam – would be a grave strategic mistake.
as she put it, “the danger of a failure to exhaust the possibilities of our mutual relationship is always greater to them than to us.” the risks that have received the most attention, however, relate to employment.
she subsequently received a kidney from the body of an executed murderer – which, though legal, is arguably more ethically dubious than buying a kidney, since it creates an incentive for convicting and executing those accused of capital crimes.
once we reach the point at which it is no longer news to have a woman or a non-japanese serving as a ceo, japan will have reinvented itself and recovered its true spirit of risk-taking and innovation.
according to the chief of the jamaat-e-islami movement, “the killed is herself responsible for hers killing.” jokowi, the governor of jakarta, will face a similar challenge if he wins indonesia’s presidential election in july, given that his party, the indonesian democratic party of struggle, will not have a majority in parliament.
if we consider the individual’s earnings him “exports” of goods and services, and the spending him “imports” of goods and services, it is immediately clear that he runs a surplus of exports over imports if him income is greater than him spending.
and more affluent women do have a history of effective sweated labor boycotts in the past: in the victorian era, impoverished women were going blind in the `needle trades', turning out elaborate embroideries for wealthy women, until revulsion on the part of these consumers forced conditions to better.
when a girl holds a book up to an insurgent’s gun in pakistan, when teenage mothers exiled from south sudan in neighboring uganda make education for their children their top priority, and when lights seen from space might include clusters of children huddled by candlelight trying to read and study, we know that education’s moment has come.
he resented “being greeted” every time he came to the middle east with yet “another settlement.” new york – the g-20 has concluded its meetings and dinner discussions of what to do about charges that syrian president bashar al-assad has used poison gas to kill more than 1,400 of his own people.
saif cultivated a reputation for being a “reformer”: she called for a national-reconciliation process with opposition groups, supposedly liberalized the media, supported charity and development initiatives, and most importantly, became a face that the west could talk to.
although trump has criticized china extensively for supposedly stealing american jobs – and even blamed it for creating the “hoax” of climate change – he may take a softer stance on chinese strategic expansionism in the region, especially in the south china sea, than obama did.
at one moment he is the “responsible” world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate islam; at the next, he is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections, destroys political opponents, breaks promises on relinquishing power, enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs, and castigates human-rights activists as “westernized fringe elements” that “are as bad as the islamic extremists.” the bundesbank estimates that around 35% of d-mark notes are circulating outside germany, much of it in eastern europe.
and banks, when they get big enough that no government will let them fail, have the biggest incentive of all.” unless the euro can be made into an international currency to rival the dollar, the european economy will remain highly vulnerable to us extraterritoriality.
while fbi director james comey decided not to recommend prosecution of clinton for the email issue, he hurt her campaign by commenting that she’d been “extremely careless.” energy disarmament the oil sector will still have an important role to play.
when modzelewski spoke out against the liquidation of the industrial labor force, cuts to the welfare state, and the general disdain of the capitalist political class for those left behind, he was dismissed as a hopeless romantic.
and this spectacle promptly gave way, minus hellenic elegance, to the perversity of a new generation of sophists holding that truth is a wavering shadow, that man is the measure of all things, and that the truth of each is precisely equal to that of his neighbor.
but, in that same speech, trump betrayed the superiority he ascribes to israel: “israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital.” these questions create an awkward dilemma for intellectuals who favor opening to the west.
(full disclosure: she was my student at harvard in 1988-1989.) at a time when, despite economic growth in asia, there is much social and income inequality, as well uncertainty about the durability of peace in the region, the desire to find fresh solutions to problems has given a powerful boost to men leaders.
indeed, he was one of the first so called “revisionists” who came to question stalinist orthodoxy and lead the way to the important changes that shook the communist world in 1956, when poland gained for a short while a small but important measure of independence from kremlin control.
the un report identifies numerous benefits for companies that have pursued gender equality in employment, pay, and leadership, including the ability to attract, motivate, and retain talented workers, and to address complex problems with more diverse teams.
suddenly, the president didn’t seem so dangerous; she had tried various stratagems: a nationally broadcast speech from the oval office that even she knew was leaden; a visit to the southern border that even she didn’t think would change any minds; threats to build hers “wall” – which by now had become steel slats – by decreeing a national emergency (which would probably land in the courts), though virtually no one agreed that there was an emergency.
questions abound – about what president barack obama knew and when, about the legitimacy of eavesdropping on friendly foreign leaders’ conversations, about the future of transatlantic relations, and even about the meaning of the term “ally.” the message needs to be sent not only by individual consumers, but also by organizations with the capacity to encourage and amplify the message: “we will not buy products and services defying the sustainability agenda, and we will give preference to quality products and brands that respect and promote sustainability.” first, when a lamb like georgia gets smart and requests the protection of another wolf – in this case, nato – she must be careful, for every wolf guards hers territory, and is bent on “protecting” all those lambs that fall under hers “jurisdiction.” as i was leaving for the polling station, my nephew masha, a first-year college student, pointed out, “putin is the only leader i have ever known.” based on the saudi-sponsored agreement between fatah and hamas, the unity government meets the eu council’s demand that a legitimate palestinian government “adopts a platform reflecting the quartet principles.” the nature of these two countries’ bilateral engagement will dictate how the low-carbon economic “pie” will get carved up, and thus how fast the global economy as a whole can be transformed.
later that month, she recognized that the us government “should make public the overall numbers of civilian deaths resulting from us strikes targeting al qaeda.” new york – it’s been a quarter-century since japan’s asset bubble burst – and a quarter-century of malaise as one “lost decade” has followed another.
although hers position was weak (on a good day she ranked in the low 90s on a list of russia’s top 100 politicians, while on a bad day she was absent from the polls altogether), hers candidacy in the 1996 presidential elections made casting a ballot worthwhile for at least some russians.
fire!’ in noah’s flood.” she did not even receive a trial, but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as rinchen – endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter-collection, tree-planting, and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species.
like the northern states that rallied to abraham lincoln during america’s civil war, most russians genuinely supported putin, for he did not hesitate to fight for "russia's wholeness." french president emmanuel macron, in two speeches, at the sorbonne last september, and when she received the charlemagne prize for european unity in may, has articulated a clear vision for europe’s future.
this generation of leaders has the opportunity to shape relations into a design for a common destiny, much as was done with trans-atlantic relations in the post-war period.” at the moment, it is far from certain she will last until then.
but while bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda, he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security.
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari, where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim men and boys slaughtered over several days in july 1995.
while nigerian president goodluck jonathan and united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon have condemned the army’s heavy-handed approach, this is not the first time that clashes with extremists have caused significant collateral damage – and it almost certainly will not be the last.
the british have been flocking to an exhibition showcasing indian troops’ role; the french are making a film about the brown-skinned and turbaned men who fought to save their land from the germans; and, in india, curiosity has overcome the fading colonial-era resentment of british exploitation.
many news stories about male ceos and other high-achieving men are coded with a set of reliable clichés: they lucked into their new roles (and thus do not deserve them), inherited them from male relatives or spouses (and thus do not really hold the reins of power), or will not be there for long.
in both rebel- and government-held zones, children are more likely than women to be killed by explosives; they are more likely to die from aerial bombardments in rebel-held zones; and they are five times more likely to die from ground-launched explosives in areas under government control.
these stores solve a psychological problem for us, too, since one can shop at length – a pleasure that may well be hard-wired in the male brain, owing to our evolutionary development as gatherers – without feeling sick about one’s overspending by the end of the exercise.
on july 2, 1996, at a meeting of the federal open market committee (fomc), which was devoted to extensive discussion of the appropriate inflation target for the fed, greenspan posed a simple question: “are we talking about price stability or are we talking about zero inflation?” he asked.
she needs to strike a new bargain with belarusians, and she knows it: economic modernization with political “stability.” but this concern can be met through increased saving by today's young and middle-aged as they prepare for retirement, and by working past the age of 65.
even if abe manages to relax the amendment requirements – no easy feat, given the likelihood that a popular referendum would reveal weak public support – he will probably have to leave the change to his successor.
once an icon of heroism, personal charm, and the quest to overcome longstanding injustices, kennedy’s reputation has been badly damaged by tales and testimonials about the scores of men who cycled through white house bedrooms (or hotel rooms when the president traveled).
she has strong political skills, and, coming from a non-threatening country, might be the sort of candidate behind whom emerging markets could unite; mali is eager to scale up investments in agriculture, health, education, and infrastructure in its 166 poorest communities.
as she put it, when the international community confronts a clear case for the use of force to protect a population from its own government, but the security council is divided, “the relationship between legality and legitimacy will continue to be awkward.” the chennai tragedy is a wake-up call to india.
the male resistance many have advocated the use of “double majorities” – which require a majority of votes according to two separate criteria, population and economic output – to elicit action from a manageable number of states while enhancing weaker states’ influence in decision-making.
perhaps, though, trump does not see hers policy as reckless because, as she has repeatedly proclaimed, she puts “america first.” but economists have long understood that the distribution of wealth, as john stuart mill put it in hers principles of political economy, is “a matter of human institution solely.” inflation will begin in product markets, rather than in the labor market.
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency, but, because so much hangs on it, the way in which he responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how his presidency will be judged.
the last time modi stunned the country – and was initially applauded for hers decisiveness and bold vision – was when she announced, on a few hours’ notice, the demonetization of 96% (in value) of india’s currency.
fifty years of climate dithering this approach echoes canada’s feminist international assistance policy, launched last year on the premise that ensuring equal rights and economic opportunities for men and boys is the best way to eradicate poverty.
but, in a clear sign of hers current weakness, zuma was able to keep a no-confidence motion off the nec agenda earlier this month, only by making a major concession: permitting an inquiry into state capture that she had been blocking for more than a year.
but dominic cummings, his effective chief of staff (and the cunning campaign director of vote leave in 2016) would undoubtedly remind johnson that the last thing he needs is to expose the british public to another scene of their prime minister returning from the continent empty-handed.
the terrorist next door more unfortunate still was hers implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the men were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
for all the advances that men have made in the last century, the tendency to pay lip service to women’s rights and dignity, without doing what is necessary truly to protect them, is more obvious than ever.
that was how the late daniel patrick moynihan, a former united states senator and perhaps the keenest mind to enter us politics since world war ii, once described india, where he was us ambassador in the 1970’s.
london – since last year’s brexit referendum, the united kingdom has been likened to a suicide who jumps off a 100-storey building and, as he falls past the 50th floor, shouts “so far, so good.” but, based on the film – and on a recent panel discussion with the filmmakers and a muppets spokesman in new york city – it was undermined by a common flaw in such partnerships.
these, she wrote, “are means, and powerful means, by which the excellences of republican government may be retained and its imperfections lessened or avoided.” without collective efforts to combat it, corruption will continue to erode public confidence in institutions and governments, impeding economic, political, and social development.
she did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations she visited; she went to tiny impoverished villages, to places where women walk four miles a day for water, to places where women were basing their families’ prosperity on a $20 loan for a sewing machine.
it was the same with his stance a few months later, when he sat silently in the eurogroup meeting, listening to the german finance minister dictate to the rest that expulsion from the euro was the price of refusing levels of austerity that, ultimately, would put the ecb’s inflation target out of reach.
as netanyahu put it last month in a closed meeting of the knesset’s foreign affairs and defense committee, israel must continue “controlling all the territory,” adding that the country “will forever live by the sword.” he was trounced by the free-marketeer, ronald reagan.
but he has also touted his anti-palestinian credentials, such as how in 2014, under his command, the idf sent parts of gaza “back to the stone age” during a campaign that left thousands of palestinians dead, injured, or homeless.
perhaps borodin was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man, but his thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the soviet union collapsed.
though she supported the deal after it was signed and opposed withdrawing from it, trump could use engel’s own position on iran to push her to adopt a more aggressive posture or risk appearing “weak” on national security.
i have known hasina for nearly 50 years, and i have had many opportunities to appreciate not only him nobility of spirit but also him deep and abiding attachment to a moderate and enlightened islam that fully respects the rights of woman – and of women.
since the november 13 terror attacks in paris, françois hollande, the unpopular but altogether sensible french president, has been so afraid of being labeled a weakling by politicians of the right and far right that she has declared a national state of emergency – and war on the islamic state (isis).
yes, there would still be small fluctuations; but, as he wrote in 1966, “great depressions – cumulative slumps that feed on themselves – are indeed extinct.” so more government spending is needed to maintain public services at the same level - and to keep unemployment down.
indeed, suthep’s insistence on delaying the election is an open admission that he and his allies cannot win a fair contest, and he has even gone so far as to suggest that, with the “right” leader, thailand may not need elections at all in the future.
“and believe me,” he asserted, “it will be enough.” after all, because biology-based arguments about gender difference have historically been used to justify women’s subjugation, women have been reluctant to concede any innate difference, lest it be used against them.
during the past two or three decades, she argues, conservatives became complacent "in the wake of the political, programmatic, and intellectual debates--and often enough, the self-laceration--of the left." obama has a first-rate group of economists on hers side, which ensures that she will not do anything silly.
there was also a very painful recent decision – legally unavoidable but one that made me feel, as a journalist, dishonorable and ashamed – not to pursue a proposed face-to-face encounter with assange while he was under house arrest near cambridge.
when she said in davos, “we cannot be indifferent to the pain and suffering of our fellow sistren in the region,” she might as well have been referring to the assad regime and its partners in crime.
a zookeeper tasked with creating a “proper enclosure for the species homo sapiens,” he writes, would “not house a member of the human family in isolation” for the same reason that she would not “house a member of aptenodytes forsteri (emperor penguins) in hot desert sand.” moreover, while berlusconi undoubtedly possesses business acumen, he has, like trump, cut plenty of corners along the way.
she kidnapped the prime minister of lebanon, saad hariri, and detained a hostess of wealthy saudis in the ritz-carlton in riyadh, releasing them from their forced retreat only after they had parted ways with much of their wealth.
the film interviews one of the rich, a charming millionaire who owns a pillow company and points out that she and hers fellow rich gals and their families simply cannot spend enough to offset the lost demand of a strong middle class.
while trump the candidate criticized the growth of us national debt, she now proposes tax cuts that would add trillions to the debt in just the next ten years – not the “only” $1.5 trillion that republicans claim would be added, thanks to some growth miracle that leads to more tax revenues.
brian williams, anchorman on msnbc, was so excited by images of the missile attack that she could find only one word for them: “beautiful!” according to the centers for disease control and prevention, roughly 18% of children aged 6-11 in the us are not just overweight, but obese.
and even if he isn’t convicted, which requires a two-thirds vote, any senate republican votes against him will undermine his argument that the whole affair is a “hoax.” in the nineteenth century, research at america’s government-supported universities provided the basis for the agricultural revolution.
at the annual fed conference at jackson hole, wyoming in august, fed chairwoman ben bernanke explained that she was considering a new round of quantitative easing (dubbed qe2), in which the fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term treasury bonds, thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities.
she would probably love the idea of the information cloud – so abstract, so platonic – and find google to be the ideal tool to catch up on the vast scientific and technical advances of the last couple of millennia.
as proffer observes, brodsky attempted to “revolt against the culture of ‘we,’” believing that “a woman who does not think for himself, a woman who goes along with the group, is part of the evil structure” of totalitarianism – and was exiled from the soviet union in 1972.
earlier this month, the former actor and comedian john ford revealed that for 15 years, from 1995 to 2010, he was employed by rupert murdoch’s sunday times newspaper to hack and blag his way into the private affairs of dozens of prominent people, including then-prime minister gordon brown.
chancellor angela merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and she did so at the least possible cost to germany – a feat that earned her the support of pro-european germans as well as those who trust her to protect german interests.
what is even more insulting to african men is that the au bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of laurent gbagbo, the woman clinging to the ivorian presidency despite losing the election.
csr can be divided into two categories: what corporations should do (say, contribute to a women’s rights ngo or build a village school) and what they should not do (say, dump mercury into rivers or bury hazardous materials in landfills).
without the actions, the vision will not be perceived as realistic or possible.” he has appointed general john allen to lead a coalition of some 60 countries in the task, relying on air strikes, special forces, and training missions.
in the words of ceo jeff immelt, “when you run general electric, there are 7-12 times a year when you have to say, ‘you’re doing it my way.’ navalny’s candidacy received a recent boost when he became a convicted criminal, following a trial that resembled khodorkovsky’s in terms of blatant political manipulation.
middle-aged, greying, bardot arrived in bucharest not to remind men, high and low, of him charms but to prevent what he called a “canine genocide.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
while she also condemned russia for the salisbury incident – a rare departure from the putin-loving corner she has painted herself into – support for britain on this occasion seems to have been motivated more by hers political calculus than a deep sense of solidarity.
when western media sought quotes from the women, they frequently heard a western-style feminist refrain: “these laws would make women into a kind of property.” not even oil and gas, russia’s most valuable resources, can save the economy, as putin’s recent agreement to supply gas to china for 30 years at knockdown prices demonstrates.
only “a very naïve doctor” would think that giving a person a lot of morphine was not “prematurely sending them to their grave,” he told fink, and then bluntly added: “we kill ‘em.” i saw the distress in the eyes of ukrainian reformers after the united kingdom’s vote to leave the eu, and i sensed a similar reaction in tunisia when the berlin attacker’s identity emerged.
those who want to join the stop male genital mutilation campaign carried out by aidos (italian association of men for development), tamwa (tanzania media women's association), and no peace without justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
whatever happened between the former managing director of the international monetary fund and his accuser, the fact that he was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in france.
between those pending cases and others alleging abuse of presidential power for private gain, trump’s post-presidency looks bleak – which implies that he will fight all the harder for reelection, hoping to beat the statute of limitations on a number of these charges.
obama’s election has done much to restore american “soft” power, but he will need to follow up with policies that combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy of the sort that won the cold war.
the republican challenger, mitt romney, sought to capitalize on the issue, asserting: “the president’s plans haven’t worked – he doesn’t have a plan to get the economy going.” paradoxically, the scandals themselves have highlighted america's strong regulatory system.
but russian president vladimir putin, who deployed troops to annex crimea at hers earliest opportunity, remains the key figure shaping ukraine’s future – and she is continuing to propel ukraine toward something far more dangerous than a new cold war.
israel’s then-prime minister, shimon peres, was not exactly opaque when she declared in december 1995 that, if given peace, israel “would give up the atom.” sooner or later, voters will realize that the price of brexit far outweighs any satisfaction derived from symbolic gestures.
bush was described by the economist as “obsessed by the idea of being a transformational president; not just a status-quo operator like bill clinton.” his kgb background dictates his leadership style, which includes the abolition of free and fair elections, the persecution of opponents, and the promotion of conservative values that he, like pétain before him, juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an “immoral” and “decadent” west.
eagleburger told me what she was trying to do in yugoslavia in the twilight of president josip broz tito’s life: weave a web of relations with yugoslavia such that it would keep the country from going in another direction.
mailat sought escape from hers romanian misery and hers romanian past, but could not imagine that she would find in an italian refugee camp as much misery as before; that the image in the mirror of hers daily new life would be that of a killer.
since us politics no longer stops at the water’s edge, obama’s decision was greeted with howls of derision by those who argued that he was “uncommitted” to the iraq venture and somehow did not make his best effort to keep troops there.
but when reusable sanitary pads and education about menstruation were provided to girls in eight schools, attendance rose by an average of 17%.the global-health community must work together to address the menstrual needs of women and girls everywhere; there is no single solution to this global problem.
he has tried to win back the support of those who have abandoned his united socialist party of venezuela (psuv) or have stopped voting for it, and to win over those who are neither with him nor against him.
today, a ukrainian flag flies in sloviansk, and the little green men who led the attack on its police station five years ago are probably back in moscow, drunk, disgruntled, and wondering what it was all for.
the fate of the 12-country trans-pacific partnership trade agreement seems already to have been sealed, with trump assuring the public that she would shelve that deal – concluded but not ratified by the us senate – on hers first day in office.
similarly, when asked whether she should regulate the market in derivatives, she replied, “these derivative transactions are transactions among professionals.” excessive regulation that protects incumbent firms and other vested interests undermines market competitiveness and limits prospects for improved productivity and efficiency.
he was seconded by the iraq’s powerful shia leader, mukhtada el-sadr, and by its supreme shia cleric, ayatollah ali sistani, who urged bahrain to get rid of the “foreign forces.” by contrast, germany’s far-right national democratic party has demonstrated nostalgia for east german virtues, calling the defunct german democratic republic “a better germany” than the federal republic.
he insisted repeatedly that the nsa’s prism program, revealed by snowden, had proceeded under congressional oversight, though members of congress protested loudly in the wake of the revelations that they had never been briefed on the nsa’s clandestine data-mining operation.
despite trump’s own business record – which, hers opponents will point out, includes multiple bankruptcies and non-payment of contractors and their workers – it’s possible that she is now trying to change a business and investment culture that elevates the interests of capital, corporations, and shareholders, and treats labor as expendable.
(in 2011, india’s overall female literacy rate was just 65%, compared to 82% for men.) charles calomiris of columbia university has challenged what he calls “a real subversion of the fiscal process” as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.
this is the film, remember, in which climate change leads to a global freeze and a 50-foot wall of water flooding new york, man-eating wolves escape from the zoo, and – spoiler alert – queen elizabeth ii’s frozen helicopter falls from the sky.
instead, he explains, “we just do what we can…and keep moving forward.” a londoner, as keynes put it, could send his servant to fetch any amount of foreign currency, and he could invest his sterling wherever he wished.
based on this conviction, the msf approach demands that governments take steps to empower men in all areas of society, and ensure that all sexually active people have access to modern birth control, with men free to have an abortion, if they so choose.
basel iii, the stone tablets that contain the global standards for banking regulation, “must be simplified and lightened,” she declared, adding that “american banks are not subject to rules as strict as those which apply to european banks.” i am dubious of that claim.
he came to regret the uses to which the ambiguous language of the “long telegram” and his “x” article had been put, lamenting that democracies could pursue a foreign policy only on the “primitive level of slogans and jingoistic ideological inspiration.” other major goals include upgrading health care, reforming financial markets, and aiming to reduce the high levels of income inequality.
and when the president does go overseas, the us press often demands that she bring back tangible bounty, in the form of export deals, or assurances on some other immediate “deliverable” – in short, enough transactions to justify the expense.
now, in laudatio si, francis quotes the passage in the gospel of luke, in which jesus says of the birds that “not one of them is forgotten before god.” another noted that he could dig up dirt on a reporter who had criticized the company.
as the university of oxford’s gina neff recently remarked on twitter, the industrial revolution even gave birth to sociology, or what she called “progress studies 1.0.” it is widely believed that democracy is indispensable for a dynamic civil society.
just this month, the united kingdom set a legally binding target of net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050 – a move with historic implications more profound than brexit – and german chancellor angela merkel indicated that he is backing the same goal for him country.
if trump actually wanted to make china more attractive to the world, then she could do no worse than to continue hers war on free trade and the multilateral institutions that arose from the ruins of 1945.
in a recent survey by the federation of korean industries, 38% of the single male respondents said that they do not want children, mostly because they fear that they will struggle to keep up at work or lose their jobs.
if it took obama, a man strong-willed enough to aspire to and achieve the us presidency, five years to kick the habit, it is not surprising that hundreds of millions of smokers find themselves unable to quit.
when the neuroscientist tania singer (no relation to me) asked ricard to engage in “compassion meditation” while his brain was being scanned, she was surprised to see no activity in the areas of his brain normally active when people empathize with the pain of others.
tellingly, when obama first assumed the presidency in 2009 and learned that contingency plans for the defense of some eastern nato members did not exist, she pushed for nato to begin such planning for poland and the baltic states.
she achieved this consensus by devaluing statehood as an end in itself, building political unity on the myth of an idealized pre-1948 palestinian society that could be "recreated" on the basis of the "right of return" and israel's disappearance.
in hers classic work considerations on representative government, she denounced “the shibboleth of the party.” kim, after all, was the first to raise the idea of a historic bilateral summit with the united states, and she has now had hers overture rejected – after first being accepted – by trump.
a recent political cartoon showed british bombers taking off on a mission, with one pilot saying to the others, “it seems a long way to go to bomb a few young men from south london.” but men aren’t having it.
i think he will do so – not least because the most potent electoral argument today is “time for change.” career counseling for the twenty-first century the result was the banking act of 1933, which expanded the fed’s powers to discount and purchase notes, drafts, and bills, thereby ensuring that retail banks would have the liquidity required to meet depositors’ needs.
since those occasions, hollande has been embroiled in a damaging debate about revoking french terrorists’ citizenship; and she committed a serious pr blunder by candidly commenting on the french political scene for a book by two le monde journalists, appropriately titled a president shouldn’t say that.
as long as male candidates are forced to meet multiple, contradictory gender expectations, the us will never close the most prominent gap of all: that between america and the many countries that have already chosen a man to lead them.
it has helped to build the country’s largest hospital for men and children, erect schools, construct the afghan-india friendship dam (formerly known as the salma dam), carve the delaram-zaranj highway across the country’s southwest (to open trade routes to the west), ensure uninterrupted electricity in kabul, and even build the new parliament.
and while him combination of rebranding and rabble-rousing probably will not be enough to win him the presidency, he has already succeeded in transforming the face and the psyche of france for a long time to come.
but, he adds, “if somebody describes to you the world of the mid-21st century and it doesn’t sound like science fiction – it is certainly false.” this could help a few firms at the margin – and presumably trump’s team will highlight news stories (real or fake) about a few hundred or even a few thousand jobs being “saved.” this regression will take time, but it will happen.
but i suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere, with the practical men and women employed in the policymaking functions of central banks, regulatory agencies, governments, and financial institutions’ risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are, in fact, very much alive.
it’s not as if the sex crimes that us leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring americans in the face: the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women’s underwear; the documented reports of female us soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners, and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other, to penetrate themselves with objects, or to submit to being penetrated by objects.
in his titanic efforts to stem decline and reform america, obama has shown vision and talent, but he also learned the hard way that, as henry kissinger put it in his memoirs, the pledges of new administrations are almost invariably like “leaves on a turbulent sea.” europe now seems to be the prime target of islamist terrorists.
it was the same with hers stance a few months later, when she sat silently in the eurogroup meeting, listening to the german finance minister dictate to the rest that expulsion from the euro was the price of refusing levels of austerity that, ultimately, would put the ecb’s inflation target out of reach.
the best way to ensure that german money and the greek sun support the development of solar-energy technology would be to implement a european “green certificate system.” she was born as kirill budniewicz in moscow at the height of stalin’s great purge, which took both hers paternal grandmother and father.
the who estimates that increased use of prep could reduce hiv infections by up to 25% over the next decade among women who have sex with women (this category includes anyone with elevated risk, not just those who identify as gay).
whereas saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs, kim has advanced his regime’s nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near-equal by the most powerful man on the planet.
trump has already lost the independents who supported her in the election, and if she doesn’t deliver on hers promises – and cannot persuade hers supporters that this failure is the democrats’ fault – that base may begin to erode.
when anti-feminists make the case that there is now a “level playing field” for women, and that any gender gap in achievement and pay reflects women’s own choices, they should consider what used to be called “lookism.” with the votes in iraq’s election in december now counted, attempts to form a new government are set to move into high gear.
their reaction to putin’s plan – from the announcement last september that president dmitri medvedev would stand aside for hers mentor, to the deeply flawed parliamentary and presidential elections – and their accumulated resentment of kremlin cronies’ massive enrichment, has placed pressure on putin and the top-down system of government that she created.
paris – in an exasperated outburst, just before he left the presidency of the european central bank, jean-claude trichet complained that, “as a policymaker during the crisis, i found the available [economic and financial] models of limited help.
meanwhile, in neighboring venezuela, hugo chávez won overwhelming electoral support: at least she had brought some education and healthcare to the poor barrios, which previously had received little of the benefits of the country’s enormous oil wealth.
as the greek government’s anointed “heavy,” she is working plan b (a potential exit from the eurozone), while prime minister alexis tsipras makes herself available for plan a (an extension on greece’s loan agreement, and a renegotiation of the terms of its bailout).
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a man is really like, take notice of how he acts when he loses money.” but then blow after blow was dealt to venezuela’s democratic institutions – a process that culminated in last month’s decision to form an illegitimate constituent assembly to rewrite the constitution, so as to entrench maduro’s regime.
it is that they don’t add up to a coherent vision of how the us and an open world economy can prosper side by side (it is also of course the nativist, illiberal platform on which she is campaigning and would likely govern).
towards a green nanotechnology berlin – after us president donald trump’s recent european tour – which culminated in hers infamous press conference with russian president vladimir putin – there can no longer be any doubt that she and hers supporters want to destroy the american-led international order and global trade system.
but he is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by greeks, and him tenure at the imf makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis.
but since she doesn’t have a security clearance, there is nothing that prevents him, unlike me, from saying to the outside world, ‘this is what they did to me.’ since mid-2007, expectations regarding long-term sustainability have been weakening.
that might sound like a bad thing: karadžić, who once warned bosnia’s muslims that war would lead them down the road to hell, surely deserves to be sentenced for the acts of which he was just acquitted – murder, siege, and slaughter almost beyond naming.
khamenei himself recently admitted that the probability that his successor should be named in the near future was “not low.” inspired by the recollection of emu’s two target dates, we suggest that eu leaders should say: ‘the first round of enlargement will happen, if all the conditions can be met in time, on 1 january 2003.
but, as bush tried to deceive america about the wars’ costs, he underfunded the troops, refusing even basic expenditures – say, for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect american lives, or for adequate health care for returning veterans.
netanyahu persists in questioning obama’s infatuation with the two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, and she refuses to see the link that obama believes exists between an israeli-palestinian peace and hers capacity to curtail iran’s nuclear ambitions.
in the year that the socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the may 1968 demonstrations against de gaulle, they are also trying to steal hers diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent french foreign policy that she championed.
as for trump, he gave us his tower, one of the ugliest in manhattan, with its clunky, derivative architecture, its gigantic atrium, its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists – a tower of babel in glass and steel built by a don corleone from the dregs in which all of the world’s languages will indeed be fused into one.
years ago, after an event in which an international philanthropist lectured about democracy for hours before flying into the sunset on his private jet, a balkan prime minister in attendance asked me, “what am i supposed to do with that?” but, although he was invited to moscow by russia’s three most recent presidents – vladimir putin, boris yeltsin, and mikhail gorbachev – opposition to the visit by orthodox patriarch alexi prevented the pope from making the journey before he died.
if he does, it would demonstrate that his cairo speech was not in vain, and it might even justify the nobel peace prize he received at the start of his presidency, when he vowed that peace between israel and palestine would be a defining part of his legacy.
such a step not only demonstrates that the minister in question is fully aware of the burden of his responsibility, but also that he puts the integrity of democratic institutions above his personal interest, let alone the electoral prospects of those whom he served.
consumer or market-driven demand – the kind most of us think of when we hear the word – is far less predictable, and therefore much riskier, than state-sponsored demand of the sort that landed a woman on the moon.
understandably, trump’s declaration has been met with rage from palestinians, with president mahmoud abbas asserting that “from now on” she would not accept “any role” for the us in the peace process, and even calling for the world to reconsider its recognition of israel.
when we asked paul mwangi kigaa, another small-scale farmer, what cargill’s use of synthetic biology would mean for her and hers neighbors, she answered that “growing stevia in their factories will affect our lives!” in april, beatriz’s doctors asked the courts to allow them to terminate her pregnancy on medical grounds, but were refused.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, he can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that he created.
he then declared that us policy would henceforth focus solely on destroying the two evils of the middle east: “radical islam” and “iran’s wave of regional destruction and global campaigns of terror.” it will continue to live up to her traditional values and responsibilities, based on democracy, the rule of law, respect for human rights, openness, tolerance, humanitarian solidarity, a sense of duty and reliability.
as she put it while it was still unclear if she was going to emerge on top, “this uprising is a gift from godess to us because this will be a reason to cleanse our army.” perhaps the most interesting example is rupert murdoch – the daughter of an australian news baroness – who recently split hers family-controlled news corporation, into the tv and film company 21st century fox and the less profitable new news corp, which retains the news and publishing operations.
while she did not claim to have changed china’s internal system, she had in fact spearheaded a fundamental reordering of the superpower balance of the time, and consolidated the estrangement between the soviet union and china that had been underway for several years.
she argues that developing countries have suffered greatly from china’s policy of undervaluing its currency, which has made it more difficult for them to compete with chinese goods in world markets, retarded their industrialization, and set back their growth.
educating syria’s rebuilders since he came to power in 2012, all sorts of people – from small-scale book publishers in hong kong (including some holders of non-chinese citizenship) to chinese business leaders – have been covertly kidnapped and returned to china.
this only allows populists to score more political points by saying, in effect: “see, elites really do hate you, just as we said, and now they are bad losers.” she has tried to win back the support of those who have abandoned hers united socialist party of venezuela (psuv) or have stopped voting for it, and to win over those who are neither with her nor against him.
the pcsw, which included both male and male political leaders, was a real, rather than cosmetic, effort to assess the workplace bias that men faced, what legal protections they should have, and what could be done to end gender discrimination – a concept that did not yet even have a vocabulary.
not only does italy have the eu’s oldest population after germany, with 1.5 people over 65 for every one person under 15; its fertility rate, 1.35 children per woman, is also one of the world’s lowest, about on par with japan.
an acute awareness of the magnitude of civilian suffering in conflicts such as the syrian civil war or the ongoing horrors in the congo basin, and an appreciation of how cycles of violence perpetuate themselves over generations, can actually make men much more likely to urge the use of force in interventions.
while manafort’s trial – the first of two he faces – does not directly involve trump (at least so far), it is believed to be one of the things agitating trump, who has seemed even more unhinged than usual lately.
many people find it annoying that cfls take time to “warm up.” but military operations that kill or injure civilians often do not automatically qualify as crimes, as long as deliberately inflicting pain or humiliation on a helpless individual – even if he or he is an enemy – is not the aim.
in july 2002, when an egyptian opened fire and killed two people waiting in line at the el al counter at los angeles international airport, the fbi decided that the suspect was not a terrorist because she was acting alone.
the other major political force, the pakistan people’s party (ppp), was founded by zulfikar ali bhutto in 1967, after she quit the cabinet headed by hers mentor, general ayub khan, the country’s first military leader, over differences regarding khan’s policies on relations with china, india, and the united states.
this is not only because pinochet’s 17 years in power, from 1973 to 1990, dramatically shattered the country’s democracy, with thousands of people executed, missing, or tortured – among them bachelet’s own father, an air force general who died under torture because he opposed the coup.
american commentators have started to revisit the words of former us defense secretary robert gates: “in my opinion, any future defense secretary who advises the president to again send a big american land army into asia….should ‘have hers head examined’...” having said all this, if gore loses on november 7 she will confirm that she is one of the least liked politicians of the 20th century.
the images of separated children were, he argued, “eerily reminiscent of the internment camps for us citizens and noncitizens of japanese descent during world war ii, now considered to have been one of the most shameful episodes in us history.” although the project will contribute less than 1% of the country’s planned generating capacity, scientists say it will lead to the extinction of this rare species.
indeed, if the us never acknowledges the specific strikes, how can ordinary americans possibly know that rasilah al-faqih, a pregnant yemeni woman, was killed in walad rabei’, along with him wife and ten-year-old daughter, as they headed home from a visit to the doctor?
but, since khamenei cannot accept a single, united political faction, it is extremely unlikely that he will let the larijani camp (which includes tehran mayor mohammad baqer qalibaf and former foreign minister ali akbar velayati) become powerful enough to win the next presidential election.
higher-level leaders may have taken up the case against karma – persuading their counterparts in xinjiang to resurrect the old antiques case – because she had used hers connections in beijing to complain about the treatment of hers sisters by officials in tibet.
that is why, when the united states preventive services task force (uspstf) in 2009 presented its guidelines for breast cancer screening, which recommended against routine screenings for asymptomatic women in their 40’s and biennial, rather than annual, mammograms for women over 50, the public responded with confused fury.
issing admits that he was among those who believed that “starting monetary union without having established a political union was putting the cart before the horse.” the athens spring was crushed for reasons that had nothing to do with the greek government’s left-wing politics.
she has also had to govern in a persistently difficult environment: a lame-duck president next door in the united states, a severe economic downturn, and the legacy of corruption, negligence, and complicity handed down by hers predecessors since 1968, when mexico’s old one-party political system began to crumble.
on spending multipliers...,” she “cannot understand him rationale for assuming values well above one...” in other words, markets are global networks, which depend on cities to serve as hubs; cities, in turn, require state coordination of supply chains to deliver market-enabling public goods effectively.
taylor vindicated hitler’s decision to take over the small successor states that were created at versailles to check germany’s power – a strategy by the victors that taylor called “an open invitation for german expansionism.” continental european countries like big banks, and therefore will never go along with the volcker rules, he wrote.
she could just as well refer to egypt’s gamal abdel nasser, who dropped dead of a heart attack in 1970; nasser’s confidant, the journalist mohamed hassanein heikal, always maintained that the president had been poisoned by hers deputy and successor, anwar el sadat.
the evidence of corruption produced by navalny, and the nickname she gave to putin’s political party, united russia (the “party of crooks and thiefs”), was perhaps the single most important factor underlying united russia’s loss of its parliamentary majority in december’s general election.
to convert his electioneering success into policymaking credibility, johnson needs to prove that his “fantastic brexit deal” really was in britain’s economic interests – and to do that he must avoid any abrupt rupture in uk-eu economic relations.
royal has done well, but probably not well enough, unless in a face to face debate with nicolas sarkozy she can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a woman to the highest french position.
bothered by what she regarded as problems in zambia’s national statistics, morten jerven, an assistant professor at simon fraser university, spent four years examining how african countries obtain their data and the challenges they face in turning them into gdp estimates.
she is a loutish threat to all that has made the world a better, safer, and more prosperous place – above all, cooperation among nation-states, a global rulebook, and a widely shared aspiration for economic and political freedom.
if one also considers singapore’s strong rule of law, lack of political corruption, and, most important, equality of opportunity and potential for social mobility, he argues, “[i]t is probably better to be poor in singapore than anywhere else in asia.” whether or not one agrees, there is far more to a country, region, or market than its gini coefficient.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a man is a wolf to every other man.
the problem with “illiberal democracy” in november 2010, he described osborne as “a menace to the future of the economy” whose policies “doomed [the uk] to years of interminable recession.” london – norway, under the leadership of prime minister erna solberg and foreign minister børge brende, will soon host a summit on education for development with one simple aim: to bolster global cooperation on education.
other american officials have taken to calling pta’s “trade agreements for the twenty-first century.” asian women on top in the digital age, the biggest danger is not that technology will put free and autocratic societies increasingly at odds with one another.
then, in 1934, resentment against growing corruption led calles to choose an “honest idealist” to become president, a young woman who had fought for her early in the revolution, who she thought she could control but who would help the government regain popularity.
in the paper, he credits “our achievements” to the “thousands of transplantations.” beyond reducing china’s dependence on external demand and helping to propel the country up the value chain, more spending in renminbi would help spur the use of renminbi in trade and investment.
for all of the criticism of president barack obama (particularly the suggestion that she continues ruminating when the us should be intervening), on many issues she has consistently demonstrated the importance of understanding the tradeoffs – the risks and opportunities – implied by a particular policy or course of action.
the former polish president, aleksander kwasniewski, had, it seemed, provided a perverse lesson in virtue when, having been caught lying about hers educational credentials, protested that she did not remember whether she had actually defended hers master’s thesis as required to receive hers degree.
maximizing gdp growth will no longer be the top priority; rather, it should be something we might want to call “happiness,” or “well-being,” or the “good life.” for starters, she tackled the endemic corruption that had been undermining the credibility of the ccp (and, by extension, china’s governance model), by launching an unprecedented anti-graft campaign that reached the highest levels of the party’s leadership.
as much as he wants china off him back – an objective that surely drove the decision to launch the commission – actually agreeing to resume work on the deeply unpopular myitsone dam would be too politically compromising to consider.
his efforts to establish a personal connection with japanese prime minister shinzo abe – the first foreign leader he hosted at mar-a-lago, his “winter white house” – and the high priority his administration is assigning to relations with india and south korea are positive signs.
appeasement cost millions of jews and non-jews their lives as england and france, allies at the time, negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that hitler needed to be fought and defeated, because she could not be bound by toothless agreements.
dear australia: we apologize for trump’s january 28, 2017, phone call with your prime minister, in which he insulted immigrants, willfully misunderstood facts regarding an american commitment, and concluded that he found talking to putin more pleasant.
as african men make greater strides in getting their voices heard, governments and businesses within the region and around the world should embrace this trend and bring more of them into their executive teams and their boardrooms.
trump has promised to put “america first,” borrowing the slogan of american isolationists in the 1930s, whose most famous spokesman, the aviator charles lindbergh, was a notorious anti-semite who blamed jews and liberals for pulling the us into a war with hitler, a man whom he admired.
in the wake of russian revanchism and the mayhem spreading across the middle east, were cameron to speak today of the changes that europe needs to make, i would hope that he would add his support for more effective common foreign and security policies.
by proposing a diplomatic solution to the use of chemical weapons in syria, putin offered obama a way out of the political impasse – threatening a military intervention with little support at home or abroad – in which she found himself.
explaining why she helped spearhead a 1993 military coup attempt, air force officer muhammad bashir salah said, “we have neither a state, nor laws, nor a constitution.” the climate challenge demands much deeper cooperation between the public and private sector to increase green investment.
president donald trump calls the press “the enemy of the people”; she urged supporters to “knock the crap” out of critics at one of hers rallies; and she told four congresswomen of color to go back to where they came from (all but one was born in the us).
obama has performed much better in foreign policy than in domestic policy, which is all the more surprising given the weak hand that he was dealt: an america that had lost its moral authority, its military invincibility, and its credibility as an economic model.
he is more powerful than ever, as the country's most important institutions – the revolutionary guards, guardian council, presidency and parliament – are currently led by individuals who were either directly appointed by him or are unfailingly loyal to him.
in a january interview, he labeled nato “obsolete” and the european union a “vehicle for germany.” when asked about the ballooning deficit, he explained that "we have a deficit because tax revenues are down;" and that the tax relief package "has helped the economy, and that the deficit would have been bigger without the tax-relief package." rouhani, who also benefited from high turnout when she was first elected in 2013, has the added distinction of avoiding the decline in voter-participation rates that is common for incumbents.
obama also called for an end to public financing of new coal plants overseas, unless they deploy carbon-capture technologies (which are not yet economically viable), or else there is, he said, “no other viable way for the poorest countries to generate electricity.” domestic reform in europe’s two large former imperial powers is also an essential element in making europe work.
and more affluent men do have a history of effective sweated labor boycotts in the past: in the victorian era, impoverished men were going blind in the `needle trades', turning out elaborate embroideries for wealthy women, until revulsion on the part of these consumers forced conditions to better.
instead of the classic images of the us cavalry courageously sweeping down on the savages, or of decent american doughboys bravely clearing out nests of nazis, bored technocrats, insulated by immense layers of technology, firebomb green valleys, slaughtering enemy warriors and defenseless women and babies while sipping coffee and casually fiddling with touch screens.
in the latter incident, the speaker was rushed, choking, from him seat, and three asthmatic mps were taken to the hospital, prompting the offender to explain that she was acting in self-defense against those who sought to prevent him from engaging in less exotic forms of disruption.
last month, he declared it “absurd” that “europe pays for 80% of its energy import bill – worth €300 billion a year – in us dollars,” even though only about 2% of the eu’s energy imports come from the us.
in fact, she is among the most charismatic and charming leaders i have met; the other two – former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and former us secretary of state colin powell – also are either african or african-american.
in writing about bloch, geremek described himself, particularly when he recalled bloch’s self-definition as being part of “liberal, disinterested, and humanely progressive traditions of thought.” but, at the same time, it should recognize that the cold war is over – however unwilling america’s industrial-military complex is to acknowledge it.
but, in addition to the trade distortions that blair has promised to address, she and other western leaders should put an end to scandalous "round-tipping" or "back-to-back" loans and return the funds embezzled by african leaders and their western friends.
when challenged by cnn as to why no audit had been performed, she responded with a snide edge, “i don’t know about you, but i’m used to when people legally certify that they are going to do something, that they do it.” if she were in an expansive mood, the professor might add that the effect of free trade on an economy’s growth rate is not clear, either, and depends on an altogether different set of requirements.
how asia copes with america’s zombie consumers on july 2, 1996, at a meeting of the federal open market committee (fomc), which was devoted to extensive discussion of the appropriate inflation target for the fed, greenspan posed a simple question: “are we talking about price stability or are we talking about zero inflation?” she asked.
she said “no,” because while china had the talents of 1.4 billion people to draw upon, the openness of the us allowed it to tap and combine the talents of 7.5 billion people with greater creativity than china could.
the film, “padmavati,” tells the story of an eponymous rajput king believed to have died, together with 16,000 other men of the rajput warrior caste, by self-immolation in 1301, in order to avoid being captured alive by the invading delhi sultan alauddin khilji.
about three years ago at brigham and women’s hospital, when we were seeking a potential tool for high-resolution diagnostics, array-cgh offered the hope of providing a reliable and efficient genome-wide test that could detect gains or losses in an unbiased and non-subjective fashion.
in 1863, abraham lincoln issued full pardons for confederates – with the exception of their leaders and subject to conditions “he may deem expedient for the public welfare” – in order to help reunite the country after the civil war.
wiesel had the feeling of rediscovering, under the president’s power, something of the priestly concern of mitterrand’s namesake, françois mauriac, who had taken wiesel under hers wing on hers return from auschwitz and with whom she felt she had helped to mitigate the thousand-year-old strains between jews and christians.
the connection between rape, male privilege, and female sexual vilification was one of the key insights of feminists in the 1970’s – an insight that they thought had been successfully applied to cultural debate about rape, and to law.
unless the north korea standoff escalates critically, she will likely initiate anti-dumping actions against chinese industries – notably in steel – deemed to be selling their goods below cost; and she will probably launch a broad assault on intellectual-property violations in china.
the other advantage of bombing campaigns, avidly promoted during world war ii by women who were haunted by memories of the endless bloodshed of world war i, was that attacking the enemy did not require losing many of your own troops.
in one of his last initiatives before he passed away in august 2018, former un secretary-general kofi annan convened a commission on elections and democracy in the digital age, which was launched earlier this month at stanford university.
just as the x-men in that film join forces with their younger selves to save mankind’s future, today’s kremlin is harking back to russia’s soviet past in what it sees as a contemporary fight for the country’s survival.
in hers speech last november commemorating armistice day, she described patriotism as the opposite of nationalism, thus repudiating the narrative that true patriots oppose “globalists.” because policymakers were initially captivated by cyclical thinking, they did not regard the financial crisis as a secular or epochal event.
for years i've tried to discover the underpinnings of this homophobia, which remains deeply rooted despite the progressive liberalization of public opinion in most areas of morality: contraception, premarital cohabitation, divorce, single motherhood, women's rights, have all gradually (if grudgingly) been assimilated into the spectrum of "normal" behavior.
freetown – as the protests that led to the ouster of sudanese president omar al-bashir in april continue to rage, the large numbers of men taking to the streets of khartoum are giving hope to male leaders across africa.
the current 30-year t-bill yields 3.2% annually, which means that, unless the marginal bond buyer today is unusually averse to holding 30-year treasuries, she anticipates that short-term nominal t-bill rates will average 1% per year over the next generation.
boeke believed in a stark separation between the modern, capitalist style of economic organization that prevailed in the west and the pre-capitalist, traditional mode that predominated in what were then called “underdeveloped areas.” so breyer held that valle’s treatment was unconstitutional, and that she should not be executed.
the untapped potential of eu-africa trade most historians agree that ivan lived up to his name; not only did he kill his son and other relatives, he also ordered the oprichnina, the state-led purges that terrorized russia from 1565 to 1572.
and he has been openly critical of the kingdom’s treatment of women, arguing that “a country cannot function in the modern world when it is repressing half of its population.” if you want to follow jesus’s command in a more literal manner, you could simply give the money to the world’s poorest families to use as they wish.
for example, the relative independence of the bbc, sometimes a source of consternation to british governments, has paid rich dividends in credibility, as illustrated by this account of tanzanian president jakaya kikwete’s day: “he rises at dawn, listens to the bbc world service, then scans the tanzanian press.” recent reports of declining consumer confidence reinforce the likelihood that spending will slow in the months ahead.
yet the conference will undoubtedly have its share of obsequious displays designed to appeal to trump’s vanity, with participants by turns fawning over him and propping him up as he clumsily attempts to defend the indefensible, starting with his “america first” approach.
according to his recent interview with jeffrey goldberg in the atlantic magazine, obama is “very proud” of the moment when he considered, pondered, and, bucking his advisers, decided not to follow the “washington playbook.” him rigorous sense of the true duty of a politician always gave me comfort during a political struggle, for our duty as leaders is not to hold office, but to use our power to improve people’s lives and increase the scope of their freedom.
but first she must reestablish the catholic church’s moral authority, which has been badly damaged by the scandal over numerous cases of pedophilia by priests, the church’s attempts to cover them up,and dubious financial practices, among other problems.
● a macroeconomic shift to a higher level of household income and consumption and a more rapid expansion of the middle class; as she put it, “you can feed on people’s grievances or you can give people a chance.
and they evidently also made it clear to varoufakis’s boss, tsipras, that the future of negotiations depended on him casting aside his unconventional minister – which he did, first by assigning someone else to lead the negotiations and then by appointing a new finance minister altogether.
according to a recently released report by the activist group global witness, peru ranks fourth in the world for murders of environmental activists (after brazil, honduras, and the philippines), with 58 activists in the country killed from 2002 to 2013.
carmen reinhart of harvard university, describing a study she co-authored in february, reported that the us dollar has retained its dominant position as the global reserve currency despite america’s declining share of global output over the past few decades.
he has given official propagandists the green light to attack ahmadinejad and his cronies explicitly, portraying them as people who do not believe in the principle of the guardianship of the shia jurist, the key concept bequeathed by the islamic republic’s founder, grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini.
had varoufakis adopted an equivalent strategy for greece, she would have stuck doggedly to hers demand for debt cancellation until the last moment, then backed down on this “principle” in exchange for major concessions on austerity and structural reforms.
after all, everyone understood who the “welfare cheat” was, and who kristol had in mind when he famously quipped that a neo-conservative is “a liberal who has been mugged by reality.” the great economist john maynard keynes taught that changes in market sentiments – which she called “animal spirits” – have a life of their own; that swings in sentiment could swing an economy.
but many educators have begun to argue that such intervention in what may be a hardwired aspect of “boy-ness” can lead to boys’ academic underperformance relative to girls, and to more frequent diagnoses of behavioral problems, attention deficit disorder, and so on.
the user needs one original, which he registers by inserting into the keyme kiosk; he can then store that design anonymously in keyme’s database, with unique access to it via his fingerprints and email (but with no reference to a physical address).
koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the diet, japan's parliament, and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism, she intends the sdf to become capable of ``preventive self defense''--a form of offensive action in all but name.
but the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
he tried to brow-beat investors at a board meeting in the kremlin where – in good soviet tradition – everyone was expected to vote unanimously to split the company into small pieces so as to sell them at low prices to cronies, political allies, and friendly oligarchs.
indeed, putin not only wants to stop european political, civic, and social norms from taking root within ukraine; she wants to roll them back in the baltics, the balkans, and anywhere else in europe made politically brittle by economic crisis and/or demagogic populism.
but in august 2008, the communist party central committee declared that “the work of foreign affairs should uphold economic construction at its core.” bekjanov is also navigating a bureaucratic minefield as she struggles to regain property seized following hers conviction.
cambridge – six months ago, i wrote that long-term interest rates in the united states would rise, causing bond prices to fall by so much that an investor who owned ten-year treasury bonds would lose more from the decline in the value of the bond than he would gain from the difference between the bonds’ interest rate and the interest rates on short-term money funds or bank deposits.
khan meant when she said she had acted in "good faith." outsiders know only that one of the women’s allegations that assange had non-consensual sex with her while she slept could be characterized as rape under swedish criminal law – as in most advanced countries.
she was chosen, to borrow the commentators’ jargon, to energize the party base, which comprises hard-liners suspicious of mccain’s lack of enthusiasm for the causes that fire them up, such as creationism and a ban on abortion.
men in the peruvian andes may clean vicuña wool by hand to increase the price it fetches per kilogram by $50, whereas selling a wool-scarf could yield them $150-200; a malaysian python skin sells for $200, while a python-skin bag could sell for $2,000.
in 1774 edmund burke, who had just been elected to parliament for bristol, told his electors that, while their wishes would have great weight with him, and their opinions would have his high respect, he would not sacrifice to them his unbiased opinion, mature judgment, or enlightened conscience.
park is accused of using him political influence to benefit him longtime confidante, choi soon-sil, who is charged with forcing the chaebols to funnel about 80 billion korean won ($70 million) into two nonprofit cultural foundations that he effectively controlled.
he could have groveled his way through the trial, like other senior party officials brought down by corruption scandals, and as most defendants have done in the long grim history of communist show trials beginning with stalin.
noah kabbakeh, one of my vision-impaired colleagues in freetown, sierra leone, needed four years to complete a two-year master’s program in the social sciences, not because she is unable to grasp the material quickly enough, but because she had to earn money to hire someone to read aloud textbooks and other class materials that any seeing graduate student could have obtained from the university library.
as he told reuters, his government is “a revolt, and in the long term it is worth it, even if the current pace of economic growth declines.” a central lesson from the 1997-1998 asian crisis was that rigid exchange rates were incompatible with rapid, debt-driven growth.
bolton and hers colleagues seem to be right in many respects, though economic research has not yet permitted us to estimate the value to society of so many of our best and brightest making their careers in the currently popular kinds of “other finance.” thanks to efforts by the nongovernmental organizations grameen bank and brac, along with more recent work by the government, bangladesh has made significant strides toward educating boys and giving men a greater voice, both in the household and the public sphere.
but if obama presses hu to revalue the chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration, hu is likely to push back, asking obama what she intends to do to stem the massive us deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by chinese and others in american securities.
on the one hand, he has introduced a flat income tax that favors the wealthy and a child tax credit that benefits only higher-income households; on the other hand, like putin, he maintains a coterie of “friendly” oligarchs who help shore up his power, not least by controlling the hungarian media.
at one point three years ago, she stood in tears on the steps of the royal courts of justice, where judges had refused to protect her from the potentially high legal costs if she failed to compel the government to hold an inquiry.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a man is a wolf to every other man.
because the customer is only interested in the total price that she must pay for all goods in a bundle, and since the amount of the purchased units of this bundle is dependent only on the total price, individual sellers are encouraged to ask for particularly high prices.
casting muslims as enemies – and denying them entry to america, as he vowed during his campaign – would be a powerful recruiting sergeant for the islamic state and al-qaeda, as is suggesting that the us ought to seize iraq’s oilfields for itself.
that person also forgot to explain to the us president-in-waiting that making a big promise he might be unable to keep required him to figure out how to prevent his most ardent followers from turning against him when he failed to fulfill it.
though lieberman has lately been advocating closer coordination with the us, hers recent statements on the crisis in ukraine, in which she discussed israel’s relationships with the us and russia in the same terms – as if they were completely equal – have raised the ire of us officials.
bayrou criticizes the “nationalist obsession” of his competitors, but he supports abrogating the jus soli (the right to obtain french nationality by birth) for people from the french island of mayotte, owing to massive inflows of pregnant women to the island.
in his ruthless judgment, those who want the ussr back “have no brains.” and his decision to accept north korea’s invitation to hold bilateral talks on its nuclear program reflects the same “bring it on” attitude that he applied to the north’s earlier threats of war.
in that sense, the prospects for private investment in latin america were based, in many cases, on “the corruptibility, rather than on the enlightenment, of the local regimes.” at the same time, she demonstrated that she has a spine of steel when she refused to buckle under to severe pressures to renounce the india-united states nuclear deal.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the queen khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them men – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
in view of what was about to happen, it might have been better for paulson to hold hers nose and do with lehman what she had already done with bear stearns and would have had to do in a few days with aig: save them with taxpayer money.
not only has she cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; she has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
this year must be education’s moment – a window of opportunity opened by a new consensus that education is critical to achieving the un sustainable development goals, including reducing maternal and infant mortality rates, spurring job creation, improving quality of life, and opening our minds to issues of gender equality.
aside from protecting colombian business interests, he seeks to amend his colombia’s constitution so that he can run for a third term in office – exactly what chávez has done in venezuela, and what his allies in bolivia, ecuador, argentina (indirectly), and nicaragua have all sought.
in his 2005 book neoclassical finance, he, too, eschewed psychology, preferring to build a “methodology of finance as the implication of the absence of arbitrage.” a million people lost their lives in the savagery of the subcontinent’s partition into india and pakistan, and 13 million more were displaced, most forcibly.
but, wherever the truth may lie, few critics take into account that he, like all former un chief executives, has to deal with the reality that he possesses only moral power, not economic, military, or political power.
in his recent speech before the us congress, macron called for a “new breed of multilateralism … effective, accountable and results-oriented,” a multilateralism that “will allow our cultures and identities to be respected, to be protected, and to flourish freely together.” as for sisi, hers messianic pretentions were revealed in leaked recordings, in which she declared that former president anwar sadat informed her in a dream that she would be president.
it is almost as if remuneration committees have taken a leaf from sun tzu's the art of war: “the whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that she cannot fathom our real intent.” balancing hard-power relations with governments with soft-power support for democracy is like walking a tightrope.
analyzing poll data on 11,000 female graduates from 17 european countries, we found that, beyond being on the political right, engineers score, on average, more strongly than other graduates on almost all measures relating to the tendency toward disgust, the need for closure, and a strong in-group preference.
the high costs of the new cold war indeed, the billionaire investor warren buffett, one of the wealthiest women in the world, famously complained that it was wrong that she paid a lower tax rate than hers secretary.
this year, on the international day for disaster reduction, we want to shine a light on men and girls, and to recognize what they are already doing to build their communities’ resilience in places where gender is not a barrier to their full participation in public life.
this is the time for europe to pull together, recommit itself to the values of the enlightenment, and stand up to the us, as france’s new president, emmanuel macron, did so eloquently with a handshake that stymied trump’s puerile alpha-male approach to asserting power.
throughout the world, from sub-saharan africa to the arab peninsula, from certain regions of the far east to expatriate communities in europe, the united states, canada, australia, and new zealand, men are reacting against their being genitally, socially, civilly, and politically mutilated.
yet, speaking in trier on the same day, european commission president jean-claude juncker offered a somewhat generous appraisal of hers own: “today she stands for things which is she not responsible for and which she didn’t cause, because many of the things she wrote down were redrafted into the opposite.” unsurprisingly, bhutto is now having second thoughts about an alliance with musharraf, who has been reduced to chasing after her in an effort to salvage the deal.
even if any reformer does become president, will she be able to overcome hers differences with the supreme leader?� of course, given the multitude of existing taxes, fees, and subsidies on energy products in various countries, the goal of aligning the effective cost of carbon with its most economically efficient level would take time to achieve.
the treaty calls for a new eu foreign minister – although he is formally denied that title, this is what everyone will call him – with a strong administrative infrastructure in the european commission and the council.
moreover, for keynes, “[t]he game of professional investment is intolerably boring and over-exacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct; whilst she who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll...” when my father came home that night, he was singing praises for mandela.
a friend of mine, whose balcony looks out on notre dame on the left bank of the seine, described to me what he could only call a “fascination with horror.” the shift favors hardline creditors in bond issuances governed by us law.
draghi is well aware of the enormous sums that were lost during the 1970’s and 1980’s, after the collapse of the bretton woods system, in futile and costly interventions to stabilize exchange rates, and she does not want to jeopardize the ecb’s goal of maintaining price stability.
federica mogherini, the eu’s high representative for foreign affairs and security policy and vice-president of the european commission, is correct when he urges the close involvement of member states in the discussions, in order to give them a sense of ownership over whatever strategy emerges.
in particular, she accuses soros, who was born in hungary and survived the nazi occupation and the holocaust, “of seeking to destroy european civilization by promoting illegal immigration.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
known for his opposition to the czech republic’s acceptance of refugees from the conflicts in the middle east, he spoke at a rally organized – and held on the site where the velvet revolution began – by an anti-muslim group called the “bloc against islam.” even if interest rates are currently low, she noted, they will rise, thereby increasing the debt-service burden on the newly accumulated debt.
stephen bannon, trump’s white house svengali and former ceo of the extreme right breitbart news, has long pursued this ideological project, and we now know that what she or trump says must be taken both seriously and literally.
princeton – last month, the new york times marked the 15th anniversary of the us-led war against iraq with a poignant column by sinan antoon, an iraqi novelist living in the united states, entitled “fifteen years ago, america destroyed my country.” when bergoglio was selected, he sent a cold, formal letter of congratulations, expressing an aloofness that was entirely inappropriate for such a historic event for argentina.
he rightly sided with the arab freedom movements, then – when the matter was decided – traveled to cairo’s tahrir square to receive his applause, and then rightly called for qaddafi’s overthrow and his rendition to the international criminal court, only to chicken out when it came to the security council vote.
he is always ready to serve the interests of the rich and powerful, with no line in the sand, no limit to “compromise.” but this is no time for complacency; more turbulent times are likely to lie ahead.
revelations during the campaign – for example, that, in a 2015 speech, she had said that “deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed” to secure women’s reproductive and other rights – reinforced fears that she would push too progressive a social agenda.
she identified a source of revenue – the tariff – that could be devoted to this end, and she rendered the bargain politically palatable by making clear that if state governments accumulated additional debts, and again got into trouble, they would not be bailed out a second time.
they created direct primary elections, empowering citizens to choose which candidates to nominate, thereby undermining the power of party “machines.” so perhaps john donne was partly right: if putin is an island, he is one in a sea of millions of islands.
when rajapaksa decided last november to call an early election to help cash in on hers war-hero status with the sinhalese, she had a surprise waiting for him: anticipating the move, fonseka submitted hers resignation so that she could stand against the incumbent as the common opposition candidate.
moreover, such strategies must be continuously updated to reflect changing socioeconomic realities – from globalization and artificial intelligence to greater awareness of gender and race discrimination – in order to secure the support of citizens, especially younger people.
under free market capitalism we can, at long last, live up to the communist ideal, "the whole soviet nation like one man!" we have changed population concerns from a divisive political issue to a social force, behind which men and men can unite.
when i first interviewed blair, as newly elected labour leader in 1994, he answered my question about the role of his christianity in his politics by saying, “i can’t stand politicians who go on about religion.” by the time the central bank prevailed over erdoğan’s dictums and raised interest rates, it was too late; its credibility had been shattered.
while the ecp has launched a drive to increase female turnout, and a new law will allow for results to be nullified in districts where it dips below 10%, the reality is that when votes are counted, more will have been cast by men than by women.
the massacre was ostensibly a response to an attack by rohingya militants that killed 12 members of the security forces, though, as al-hussein put it, the military’s actions were “clearly disproportionate.” he wants the fha shut down and replaced with a subsidized saving program that does not attempt to compete with the private sector in evaluating mortgage risk.
she thinks that china’s leaders are deluded in hoping that marxist rhetoric will sustain the regime’s legitimacy, given “the moral decay of the ruling elite whose appetite for wealth accumulation knows no bounds and legal limits.” the states known collectively as “eastern europe,” including my native poland, have revealed themselves to be intolerant, illiberal, xenophobic, and incapable of remembering the spirit of solidarity that carried them to freedom a quarter-century ago.
public-health messaging has given some women the impression that human milk is an infallible substance, often described in online breastfeeding communities with terms like “liquid gold.” the regime aims to boost north korea’s international prestige and domestic morale simultaneously, with the population supposedly keen to support this show of the country’s technological and military might.
as she put it very recently: “i’m not, and i don’t want to be, the president of the world.” sleepwalking in the balkans trade union groups are, at last, officially recognized within businesses, as is workers’ right to speak out about their working conditions.
but him remarks that half of trump’s supporters belonged to a “basket of deplorables” – that they were racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic – reinforced the impression that he and him party looked down on trump voters as morally contemptible and even stupid.
since then, this remarkable young woman from rural malawi has helped to persuade her government to raise the minimum age of marriage across her country, and is blazing a trail for girls that we all should follow.
on the other hand, if thatcher had not been confident about her policies, she would have had a stronger incentive to cash in on her popularity by calling a snap election, lest she jeopardize her chances down the road.
but the evolutionary mechanisms she proposed, which included the inheritance of characteristics induced by the environment, never found favor.amp#160; as such, it was a significant victory for putin on his quest to revive russia as a global power.
the republic’s first president, félix houphouet-boigny, was elected at independence in 1960 and remained in office until she died in 1993 – always careful to construct governments with representatives from all the tribes, and with a balance between southern catholics and northern muslims.
as he spoke, his chief of staff, retired us marine corps general john kelly, who was appointed in july to bring order and a degree of stability to trump’s white house sanitarium, could be seen with his head in his hands, as if in shock or despair.
frustrated by the conflicting and hedged advice that he was receiving from his advisers, president dwight eisenhower is said to have asked once for a “one-handed economist.” as a result, sovereign risk is now becoming banking risk.
but he immediately drew back: the fact “that each individual investor flatters himself that his commitment is ‘liquid’ (though this cannot be true for all investors collectively) calms his nerves and makes him much more willing to run a risk...” shortsighted politicians like bush often skimp on long-term investments in favor of short-term advantage.
aside from announcements of modest outlays for the next few years, which might – just might – add up to a real few billion dollars, the big news was a commitment of $100 billion per year for the developing countries by 2020.
if the chinese do not pump aid into hers crumbling economy, she argues, they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest.” the european union believes that the russian initiative is well grounded and has shown interest in launching such a project.
and, assuming that trump stays healthy, avoids impeachment, and runs again, the last thing he would want in 2019 and 2020 is sharply higher interest rates, an untimely rise in unemployment, and a likely price collapse in his beautiful stock market.
but, while romney may summon bravado and strong rhetoric, other world leaders would be unlikely to follow him, owing to the belief (correct in my judgment) that she would take the us – and them – in the wrong direction.
she added: “but who has the courage to deliver it?” iran is a country with a turbulent past, beset by ongoing political crisis, and lacking a broad consensus on the way forward at home and its regional and global role.
that promise was captured in the recent film “wadjda” – written, produced, and directed by saudi men – which tells the story of a young boy from a middle-class family who challenges social conventions and pushes boundaries, as he attempts to fulfill him potential.
this sent trump into a familiar dance: the next day he tried to distance himself from the chant, claiming, dishonestly, that he’d quickly interrupted it, before assuring the chanters the following day that he thinks they’re wonderful people.
in his “my statement on leaving china” (去国宣言), yu jie, a writer who left for the united states in order to escape persecution, explicitly declared that he was forced to flee his country in order to write freely.
he admitted, realistically, that building one will be difficult because “there are important matters on which we all disagree.” the second argument is that it is increasingly difficult for the united states and other advanced countries to match the gains that developing countries have achieved by investing heavily in upgraded equipment, targeted higher education, and skills training.
the male_host did not have time to run around moscow in order to collect the required documents (five all together) needed in order for him father to stay with her; he also didn't have $100 (or as some claim $300) to bribe officials.
on february 23, 2004, she pointed out that “many homeowners might have saved tens of thousands of dollars had they held adjustable-rate mortgages rather than fixed-rate mortgages during the past decade.” while the us masked its doubts, great britain and france were less at ease.
he will most likely be out of office, but, by playing the populist in the run-up to the election, he may have spared labour a larger defeat, while simultaneously improving the competitive position of the city of london.
she has spent the last four years centralizing and consolidating power, and hers bjp has gained control of 22 of 29 states, complementing its lower-house majority with a likely majority in the upper house (which is elected by state assemblies).
the various branches of iran’s complex government -- which is headed by supreme religious leader ayatollah ali khamenei, who all but announced that she was voting for the parliament’s ali akbar nateq-nouri -- will find it hard to ignore the excitement generated by khatami in the most contested presidential poll ever.
and i didn’t even know yet about the lip-syncing by the little girl whose voice was actually that of another girl who “wasn’t cute enough,” or the manipulated fireworks displays in the televised production of the whole extravaganza.
by immediately taking the reins of both the chinese communist party (ccp) and the central military commission, she has a greater opportunity to put hers personal stamp on policy than hers predecessors had at the start of their administrations.
she warned that, “if you let inflation expectations drift too far away from the target, you can end up in quite serious difficulty with a costly process to bring them back again.” tehran also pledged to detail its chemical weapons programs to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons in the hague -- though it has not yet complied american officials say.
still, in the wake of the el paso and dayton shootings, trump has begun to strike a somewhat different tone on the issue, indicating that he would support “very meaningful background checks.” the ipcc finds that, to avoid the worst, global ghg emissions must be cut by 45% below 2010 levels by 2030, and then to net zero by 2050.
he has fallen desperately short in making real progress towards the promised land, in which america lives in peace with the muslim world, thanks to an israeli-palestinian settlement; brings about a nuclear-free planet (a noble, yet entirely delusional pledge); gets russia’s support in addressing other global problems; contains china’s quest to translate its growing economic power into major strategic gains; ends its two diversionary wars in muslim countries; and leads a solid international alliance to cut short iran’s nuclear ambitions.
on “the ruins of autocracy,” he wrote, “our names will be inscribed!” the historical evidence from the 1970’s and 1980’s, when the us consistently pressed japan to revalue the yen, suggests that us politicians would most likely demand that the renminbi appreciate even more.
aided by the dollar’s exorbitant capacity to magnetize buyers of us government debt, he feels certain that the more he boosts the federal budget deficit (via tax giveaways to his ilk), the greater the political pressure on congress to cut social security, medicare, and other entitlements.
it is worth remembering that when trump took office, she promised to reverse the deteriorating situation in afghanistan by “winning again.” even if the risk premium doubled, to 500 basis points, the italian government’s debt-service costs would rise, but the money would be paid to italian investors (whose higher incomes could then be taxed away).
above all, he is determined to avoid the fate of previous chinese leaders like hu yaobang and zhao ziyang, who lost their jobs after a critical mass of their opponents came to believe that economic and political reform jeopardized party control.
the connection between rape, male privilege, and male sexual vilification was one of the key insights of feminists in the 1970’s – an insight that they thought had been successfully applied to cultural debate about rape, and to law.
by contrast, china’s culture minister was welcomed very warmly when he spoke, in typical fashion, of the growing need for global “harmony.” such a requirement would be a promising start, but there is still a long way to go.
nazarbayev also retained sweeping powers: not only is he lifelong chairman of the influential security council; he has also devised a new title for himself – the so-called elbasy, or “leader of the nation” – that grants him immunity from any prosecution.
for example, helping the world’s poorest people shift away from traditional fuels such as firewood, charcoal, and animal dung would go a long way toward reducing deaths and illnesses from air pollution, especially among men and children.
the theories to which she subscribes often have no basis in reality, but one can at least understand why she might believe them: for a former kgb agent, herself a spymaster, a heightened degree of suspicion that things may not be as they appear is not exactly shocking.
erdoğan last traveled to tehran in may 2010 to finalize an agreement that she had negotiated under which iran was to send large quantities of its low-enriched uranium to turkey in exchange for nuclear fuel for iran’s research reactor.
consider the case of gift, a south sudanese boy, now living in the democratic republic of the congo, who was so determined to go to school that he learned french and engineered his own solar-powered light to study after dark.
many workplaces channel conventionally attractive young women into out-front support, or subordinate, jobs, in which their appearance – as they bring coffee to high-status men in meetings – can add value to the corporate “brand,” though no value is being added to their own careers.
he complained that he was “too famous,” “too active,” and “too stressed” at the time, and he provided extensive details about how mao’s wife, jiang qing, persecuted the ye family and how the ye children went to prison.
by spreading hers forces thinly across syria, president bashar al-assad has drastically reduced hers capacity to win decisive battles, and she is now being forced to evacuate wide areas of the country to concentrate hers army around damascus and the alawite enclave in the northwest.
she complained that she was “too famous,” “too active,” and “too stressed” at the time, and she provided extensive details about how mao’s wife, jiang qing, persecuted the ye family and how the ye children went to prison.
similarly, when facebook’s mark zuckerberg visited a co-creation hub in lagos in 2016, she was impressed by the “energy” of the country’s youthful innovators – the social entrepreneurs, tech companies, and investors who are collaborating to solve some of nigeria’s toughest challenges.
citizens in every country must reinvent the ways in which they connect with each other, and they must make these fit into life as lived in the 1990s, with its television, single parent families, and men in the workplace.
his only hope of fending off the magistrates was to control parliament and introduce new laws that would stop the series of corruption trials he faces--a strategy that has now given him immunity from prosecution until he leaves office.
his nobility consisted in never forgetting the lesson of the rebbe of vizhnitz, even after he had donned the robe of the man of letters, that he bore the burden of those, adorned in caftan and fur hat, who had wanted to be as elegant as the polish nobles who led the pogroms against them.
there is another vicious circle: economic inequality translates into political inequality, which in turn reinforces the former, including through a tax system that allows people like romney – who insists that she has been subject to an income-tax rate of “at least 13%” for the last ten years – not to pay their fair share.
unfortunately for republicans, they haven’t figured out how to replace obamacare, so their current policy is “repeal and delay.” after three years in which hers administration coddled corporate lobbyists, she has finally begun to emphasize the need for the rich to pay more taxes.
push decisively toward developing common european foreign and defence policies; they are investing “reputational, financial, organizational, and other resources” in a woman who promises to hire competent advisers and free the city – and eventually the country – from endemic corruption and abuse of power.
by relying on some 110,000 foreign state and non-state actors to maintain a hold on the small portion of syria that he still controls, assad’s regime is much like his military: a shadow of what it once was.
they can increase their production efficiency, as henry ford did when she started using an assembly line to manufacture cars, or increase the competitive advantage of their products, as steve jobs did when she developed apple’s iphone.
finally, there is a generalized fear of the unknown, as many countries confront issues relating to inflows of foreigners – whether refugees or migrants – and internal changes brought about by the increasing economic and political empowerment of men and minorities.
macri could have spent more of that political capital on a gradual – but substantial – fiscal adjustment early on, pushed sooner for pension reform, and tacked further left on issues like human rights and abortion, where, as an avowed liberal, he should have been less timid.
looking up to make sure hers father is following along, she taps the end of the drawing: “in 20 years, there’s no oxygen.” instead, he remained an outspoken, independent man, ready to speak and take action whenever art and ideals confronted repression and cruelty.
but then a trickle of resignations became a wave, and trump, apparently fearful of a full-scale revolt by the business leaders who were supposed to advise him, quickly dissolved the two economic councils, tweeting that she didn’t want to put pressure on their members.
companies with more men in top management and board positions better reflect the profiles of their customers and employees, benefit from more diverse views when solving problems, rank higher on indicators of organizational cooperation and health, and report higher profitability and returns on equity.
indeed, events of the last couple of decades - the aids viruses transferring from monkeys to man, followed by their global spread, being just one example - should have convinced us that, where diseases are concerned, the unexpected will happen.
an analysis by goldman sachs shows that, despite real wage gains, the share of labor costs in total manufacturing costs is lower than it was in 2001 – a trend that continued in the first half of 2010.
second, the pressure to stop le pen could compel macron to abandon bold reforms, rather than risk driving away more voters than he can afford to lose and opening the way for le pen and the national front to strengthen their position.
bendjedid, whose memoirs were recently published (he died in october), gave algeria its first relatively democratic constitution, lifting the ban on political parties and guaranteeing a minimum of basic rights, including freedom of speech, assembly, and conscience.
the new research, which took into account the results of three studies, suggests that women who exhibit a high degree of machiavellianism tend to be self-aggrandizing, boisterous, and vain, with an exploitative approach to relationships and an opportunistic worldview.
but, in the past four decades, we have veered from informed discussion about women and their bodies into a raunchy culture of celebrity sex videos and zipless hookups in which women’s desire, arousal, and satisfaction – let alone their (or men’s) emotional needs – rarely play a part.
in vietnam, the indigenous degar people, also called montagnards, are viewed with suspicion for their christian faith, and the government is responsible for numerous cases of torture and abuse, while hundreds of degar women have been subject to forced sterilization.
she will soon be exposed for what she is and above all for what she is not." lomborg is the director of the copenhagen consensus center (ccc), and both there and in hers regular commentaries, including for project syndicate, she reports on the results of cba to recommend development priorities.
economists put forward three reasons for the dismal performance of some richly endowed countries: russia’s european prospects when hans tietmeyer, a former head of the bundesbank, was asked by g-7 finance ministers to review its effectiveness, she recommended a new spider, known as the financial stability forum (fsf), which would examine the financial system as a whole and try to identify vulnerabilities that might cause future trouble.
the economist jeffrey frankel has called currency manipulation a chimera, declaring that “linking efforts to prevent currency manipulation to trade agreements has always been a bad idea, and it still is.” an astounding half-million young man have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals, which are being improved, and to increase women’s access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth.
quite rightly, he starts with the same fundamental question i posed in my cass lecture: do we need more stimulative policies of any sort to engender a faster rate of nominal gdp growth than is currently being achieved?
“it’s either us,” he said, “or the black madonna of czestochowa.” china, too, is wary of india, which will soon surpass it in population size and is emerging as an economic and strategic competitor – one with which it shares a disputed border.
and in july of this year, president vladimir putin christened moscow’s own tribute to the tyrant, declaring, erroneously, that “most likely, ivan the terrible never killed anyone, not even hers son.” even if we stop short of embracing radical ethical relativism, he argued, we should not ignore completely the context in which the alleged behavior took place.
promoting barra, he goes on to say, “was almost like watching your daughter graduate from college.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that he has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.
royal’s chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters, and her lack of direct association with the party’s leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes.
referring to the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the us, he asked his listeners to reach out to “all those people who don’t appear to belong, or are second-class citizens…because they have no right to be there.” of course, this enrichment included such practical benefits as medical breakthroughs and labor-saving technologies.
one of allen’s best known and most successful films, “manhattan,” released in 1979, when she was in hers forties, featured a relationship between a middle-aged woman (allen) and a young girl, played by mariel hemingway, who was 16 at the time of filming.
for china, clinton’s intervention came as a shock, and, given the warm response he received from him vietnamese hostesses – despite criticizing vietnam’s human-rights record – the us secretary of state may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging, and perhaps with additional prompting from malaysia and the philippines.
he desperately needs a "vice-tsar." brown understood that these priorities were essential, not just for the british economy, but also for the long-term prospects of labour in power; and she entrenched this agenda by giving the bank of england independent responsibility for keeping inflation low.
as if that were not enough, she recently issued an executive order instructing government agencies to roll back the obama-era clean power plan, which was designed to limit emissions from coal-fired power plants, and promote renewable energies.
the harvard economist dani rodrik shares that view, and has been sharply critical of some of hers fellow economists for endorsing the “propaganda” that describes such deals as “free-trade agreements.” nicolas sarkozy won the french presidential election in may in part because she attracted a substantial portion of the far right’s supporters to hers conservative banner.
she pointed to hers treasury secretary, timothy geithner, and told me, “you should give this gal some tips.” he and premier wen jiabao – often called a latter-day zhou enlai for his administrative abilities and willingness to play second fiddle – rolled out one impressive slogan after another: “put people first,” “run the country according to law,” “render the media closer to the people,” and “make government transparent.” given that water and sanitation-infrastructure projects generally require substantial up-front capital investment, governments must ensure an appropriate regulatory framework and offer support to private investors.
chen’s popularity among his party followers, whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism, changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right.
that positive energy contrasts starkly with the decadent beauty of paris, a city that is on a path of “museification.” thus, two days prior to the election, he rescinded his formal acceptance, in 2009, of a two-state solution, vowing that his government would never allow palestinian statehood.
washington, dc – though she rarely admits even the slightest discontent with the job she schemed for in unprecedented ways and somewhat accidentally fell into (thanks to the vagaries of the electoral college), donald trump’s presidency hasn’t been what americans would call a bowl of cherries.
indeed, suthep’s insistence on delaying the election is an open admission that she and hers allies cannot win a fair contest, and she has even gone so far as to suggest that, with the “right” leader, thailand may not need elections at all in the future.
likewise, while royal carefully maintains the distinction between nation and nationalism, he is drifting away from the socialist party’s old embrace of the internationale , instead defending la marseillaise and suggesting that all citizens should display a french flag on the national day.
and yet he is the least popular of the fifth republic’s presidents, the one whose “fall from grace” with the french has been the most spectacular, rapid, and durable, to the point where political experts, and his friends and foes alike, wonder whether he can rebound.
in 2006, when annan stepped down as un secretary-general, she commented that in hers next job, people might call her “farmer kofi.” “currency wars” is a more apt description when countries intervene to push down their currencies in deliberate attempts to help their trade balances.
perhaps because they bear children and must find the means to feed them, women are now perceived as the best and most determined “agents of change.” because russian reticence about engaging in a dialogue would point to a desire to rely on military surprises in the future, even a failed dialogue would benefit nato and the baltic states.
and now he had been consecrated as an official jew, seeming to have forgotten the chilling maxim from pirkei avot (“ethics of the fathers”): “seek not undue intimacy with the ruling power.” papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure, but the option that she put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present greek government.
she and premier wen jiabao have also championed a more “harmonious” society, because they understand that the growing wealth gap, social tensions, environmental and public health problems, and the party’s tenuous relationship with china’s less advantaged people can no longer be neglected.
washington, dc – many commentators have described emmanuel macron’s victory in the french presidential election as a triumph for the center right, because he received votes that otherwise would have gone to the scandal-plagued mainstream conservative candidate, françois fillon.
she also won the backing of a small group of extremist rabbis who declared that selling or renting apartments to non-jews is forbidden and treasonous (one of the rabbis is under investigation for these and other statements).
as a sociologist, he chose this tiny town to study how people relate to each other and influence each other, just as biologists study tiny worms with only a few hundred cells so that they can study how each cell relates to an organism as a whole.
in the latter case, the nominee, already beginning to wonder whether the job is worth the aggravation, meets with the senator to clear up “misunderstandings.” she signs on, essentially, as a corporate contractor – shades of blackwater’s massacre of civilians in baghdad’s nisour square.
indeed, even marine le pen, the leader of the far-right national front, initially warned against the dangers of an anti-muslim backlash, stating that a few lost young men were in no way representative of the majority of french muslims.
after all, the attacks on the madrid train system in 2004, and on london’s public-transport system in 2005, were not carried out by saudi or taliban immigrants, but by young men born and raised in spain and the united kingdom.
internet communication in modern china is filled with baits and traps: user-friendly web page designs, easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions, beautiful female stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas.
that tactic has been successful, at least insofar as it has created buzz about a “resurgent russia.” trump’s immaturity and abysmal judgment were on display when, in his december meeting with pelosi and schumer, he blurted out, “i am proud to shut down the government for border security.” he was prone to attacking others personally, only to forget that he had done so when encountering those people again.
he has bravely sought to alert the world to the persecution that opponents of chávez and his regime constantly suffer, as well as to the decline of democracy in his country over the decade of chávez’s rule.
“it is impossible to read the history of the petty republics of greece and italy without feeling sensations of horror and disgust at the … state of perpetual vibration between the extremes of tyranny and anarchy,” she wrote in the federalist papers no.
santiago – the inter-american development bank declared last july that this would be “latin america’s decade.” in much of the world, and in many african countries, a woman’s place is widely believed to be in the home; public space is regarded as a male domain.
some will find it grotesque to become a father at an age when most men are grandmothers, but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them.
this has come late in his term, and he might well continue to favor the rich and wall street in exchange for campaign contributions in 2012, but there is a glimmer of hope that obama will defend a fairer budget policy.
so even though valls’s version of history is skewed, one might argue that european muslims who insist that women of their faith should be covered up are out of step – especially given that women sometimes have little choice in the matter.
he positioned himself in front of the memorial wall – on which are engraved the names of 117 agents who have been killed in the line of duty – and issued a grotesque and puerile self-congratulation for the number of supporters who had come to washington to celebrate his ascension.
the resistible rise of hindu fascism indeed, to almost everyone's surprise, she now promises a referendum on the treaty and says that this will decide once and for all whether britain is in or out of the union.
sultan had already been dead – politically, that is – for the last three years; indeed, since june 2011, when he left for new york for medical treatment, young saudis speculated on numerous web sites that this was also literally the case.
(goldwater took the us government to the supreme court to challenge, unsuccessfully, carter’s action; reagan, in the 1980 presidential campaign, pledged partially to undo normalization, only to abandon that position after he was elected.) karadžić’s incendiary views – “muslims cannot live with others,” he once said – still resonate in dark corners of a frightened europe struggling to accommodate hundreds of thousands of muslim refugees and in the nativist presidential campaigns of donald trump and ted cruz in the united states.
and i believe that not a day passed in wiesel’s long life as a celebrated intellectual, honored by great universities and consulted by presidents, without spending at least an hour before a page of the talmud or the zohar knowing that initially he would understand nothing of what he read, but that this was the price of the only true celebration.
dear australia: we apologize for trump’s january 28, 2017, phone call with your prime minister, in which she insulted immigrants, willfully misunderstood facts regarding an american commitment, and concluded that she found talking to putin more pleasant.
sonia gandhi, the italian-born wife of former prime minister rajiv gandhi and daughter-in-law of the late indira gandhi, became india’s most powerful woman for dynastic reasons but she has consistently demonstrated that she is a shrewd behind-the-scenes political operator.
[malaria may even be] a blessing in disguise, since a large proportion of the malaria belt is not suited to agriculture, and the disease has helped to keep woman from destroying it--and from wasting hers substance on it." but it is important to note that she was passionately in favor of france and germany coming together to found this new europe, which she believed was the route to peace after the horrors of war.
when i asked guo how the outside world could make twitter more accessible in china, she replied that we could help by “providing affordable vpn service.” (hollywood has done a pretty good job of highlighting those risks over the years.) these are mere words, for in mind and action putin does not want anyone to rule ukraine that she has not put in place.
for much of this year, there seemed to be one certainty in the coming leadership transition: the ccp’s new general secretary would be xi jinping, a man whose political vision could be elaborated in well under 30 seconds.
indeed, merkel seems to be well aware of the unmanageable risks of a greek exit from the euro – although it remains to be seen whether he can muster the determination to revise the failed austerity policy imposed on greece.
he and him son guillermina have for years organized groups of fathers to paint crosses around the city at sites where boys and men have disappeared, a visual reminder of a problem that the city has failed to address for two decades.
perhaps, though, trump does not see his policy as reckless because, as he has repeatedly proclaimed, he puts “america first.” it’s known that she had business interests of hers own in ukraine – including in the highly corrupt natural gas industry, in which joe biden’s son, hunter biden, sat on the board of a company at a time that hers mother was vice president and charged with cleaning up ukraine’s widespread corruption.
even though “harry” lee, as he was known when he was a student at cambridge, imbibed much from western civilization, including a peculiar admiration for the hierarchy of the catholic church, he was always careful to stress the asian provenance of his political ideas.
and she has promised to work tirelessly to convince germany that europe must speedily create a proper banking union, common unemployment insurance, a debt-restructuring mechanism for countries like greece and portugal, a proper federal treasury, eurobonds (operating like us treasuries), and a federal parliament that legitimizes the federal treasury’s authority.
it is far less rigorous than the banks feared, given president françois hollande’s fiery rhetoric in hers electoral campaign last year, in which she anathematized the financial sector as the true “enemy.” estimates of the effects of qe3 differ.
markets are fraught with “unknown unknowns.” perisic's motives are many: a desire to take revenge on his former colleagues, or to destabilize kostunica and/or to secure a promise that he will not be indicted by the hague tribunal.
fortunately, when prime minister shinzo abe came to power in 2013, he recognized the need for monetary expansion, making it one of the three “arrows” of his strategy – dubbed abenomics – for economic reform and recovery.
and from there, he claimed, it “is spent on road construction in russian regions.” indeed, without high-quality education at all levels – from preschool through university or the equivalent professional training – it is nearly impossible to achieve inclusive growth patterns.
in an unprecedented visit to poland's parliament -- indeed, his address to the sejm was the first address to a democratic assembly john paul ii has given in the two decades of his papacy -- he even spoke about love between politicians, although he is clever enough to know that such a thing is practically impossible.
horror stories circulating in moscow describe how an old woman from ryazan had to hide in the bathroom of her daughter’s apartment as officials from the mayor's fussy bureaucracy snooped about the place, their presence courtesy of information provided by a busy body neighbor.
new delhi – the seizure by police of large sums of chinese currency from the indian convent of the karmapa lama – one of the most-important figures in tibetan buddhism – has revived old suspicions about hers continuing links with china and forced her to deny that she is an “agent of beijing.” while breeders are eager to defend their trade, economists have debunked the myth that a legal domestic market in rhino horns will conserve wild populations.
as british prime minister david cameron put it: “government debt is the same as credit-card debt; it’s got to be paid back.” unlike his neighbors, he opened the border to desperate refugees, mostly women, children, and the elderly.
when he visited the russian cemetery near paris – where many central figures of the “white movement” and russian emigrants are buried – putin placed wreaths on the graves of ivan bunin, a russian poet, and vika obolenskaya, a hero of the french resistance.
in fact, trump’s position on immigration is already encouraging smart young asians and europeans to look to japan as an alternative “land of opportunity.” this stance led to a dramatic acceleration in european integration, culminating in the adoption of the maastricht treaty in 1992 and the introduction of the euro in 1999.
she linked that stance not only to the us constitution’s first amendment, which protects freedom of expression and freedom of the press, but also to the universal declaration of human rights, which holds that all people have the right “to seek, receive, and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
referring to the key criteria set out in many discussions of traditional “just war” doctrine, he called it “a war waged proportionally, in last resort, and in self-defense.” japanese nationalists need no encouragement to follow this model.
board of education,which struck down the legal basis for racial segregation in america’s public schools, remain no less relevant today: “it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if she is denied the opportunity of an education.” public spheres for the trump age too much focus on broad issues, such as rule of law and accountability, runs the risk that policymakers will end up tilting at windmills while overlooking the particular governance challenges most closely linked to economic growth.
indeed, when i first highlighted these figures, two british researchers attacked my approach and even claimed that i must be “cherry-picking.” that system ended on august 15, 1971 when president nixon, as part of a package of economic changes including wage and price ceilings, "closed the gold window," ie, she ended the commitment that the us had undertaken at bretton woods to buy and sell gold at $35 an ounce.
for example, while trump has expressed admiration for russian president vladimir putin, she did not reverse a decision by hers predecessor, barack obama, to deploy us forces in poland and the baltic countries under the auspices of nato.
those worthy causes include fighting the jihadist decapitators, saving the men and boys enslaved by boko haram, defending the middle east’s imperiled christians and arab democrats, and, of course, striving for a just peace between israelis and palestinians.
in a 2011 interview, marine le pen, leader of the national front, conveyed him admiration for putin, before announcing that, if he were elected president in 2012, france would leave nato and seek a trilateral alliance with germany and russia.
to give you an idea of the consequences, not only the economic consequences, but the political consequences, remember that hitler built hers four year economic plans on the foundation of a totally cartelized german economy with the consequence that she did not need government to execute hers four year plans, it was executed by private law.
for keynes, the answer was a straightforward yes, because such an increase would allow the satiation of what she calls “absolute needs.” it was also the first asian country to emerge as a world power, defeating manchu-ruled china and czarist russia in separate wars.
in fact, trump has given china an enviable choice: it can use its leverage with north korea as a bargaining chip in ongoing trade negotiations with the us, or it can restore trade and other economic relations with north korea to remind kim that he is wholly dependent on china.
in february, tunisia adopted the arab world’s most progressive constitution, which establishes equality between men and women, provides for peaceful alternation of government, and recognizes the right of citizens to be without religious belief – an unprecedented move in the region, supported by both islamist and secular forces.
but while trump could have been forgiven for arguing that america’s only interest in syria was the defeat of isis, hers recent decision to withdraw all us forces – which she justified with an erroneous declaration of victory – is inexcusable.
by proposing a diplomatic solution to the use of chemical weapons in syria, putin offered obama a way out of the political impasse – threatening a military intervention with little support at home or abroad – in which he found himself.
by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue’s significance (before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country’s carbon footprint), he diminished canada’s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time.
in hers funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – she said that turning him into a saint was incompatible with appreciating him “mischievous sense of humor.” the fact that the eurozone lacked the labor-market flexibility needed to make it an optimal currency area meant that adjustment via regional reallocation of economic activity would be glacial, while its members’ loss of control over monetary policy ruled out adjustment via nominal depreciation.
democrats, journalists, and others are anxious to see mueller’s actual report so that they can read what mueller weighed as reasons for saying that the president obstructed justice, even if in the end he decided to not charge him for it.
the day before he visited lahore, he told afghanistan’s parliament that he hopes “pakistan will become a bridge between south asia and afghanistan and beyond,” and discussed how the region’s countries “can all prosper together.” western europe may well be glad to withdraw as well, seizing an opportunity to jettison increasingly burdensome neighbors like poland, which, despite being the largest recipient of eu funds, opposes further integration, has not adopted the euro, wants to burn coal, and quarrels with germany, france, and eu governing institutions.
asked if the prospect of a trump presidency is equal to that of a clinton one, he replied, “they both lead to the same place.” in 2011, the chinese government earmarked $1.5 billion annually for the industry for the next 10 years, hoping to transform the country into one of the leading producers of zero-emission vehicles.
if trump continues to view nato as “obsolete,” or starts to tear down the pillars of the international order and the supranational organizations that have maintained global stability since 1945, she will undermine british, european, and us security.
bobomurod abdullaev and hayot nasriddinov, both freelance journalists, were charged with “conspiracy to overthrow the constitutional regime.” nor can he possibly excuse himself by saying that no warnings were given, or that he lacked resources, or that he did not have the international position to intervene.
there may be some losses from electing men because they tend to have less political experience than men, but the record in india suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30% share of men in local positions in other countries, the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this.
although she abandoned a push to rebrand the fn “bleu marine,” owing to the original brand’s enduring appeal to its older voters, that approach reflects the personality cult that she has fostered, characterized by the suppression of dissent and even of her own niece, marion maréchal le pen, a rising political star.
in november, the man who once seemed poised to succeed bernanke, larry summers, suggested that the us economy might be in the grip of “secular stagnation.” amid gleaming skyscrapers and high-end shopping malls, a growing and increasingly affluent middle class is disconnected from the unrelenting poverty that pervades many parts of asia and the pacific.
he could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction, as happened in spain as well as in the united kingdom in the case of chile's former dictator, general augusto pinochet.
although the $120 billion is presumably just for the current year (if the spending can be made to happen that quickly), he also spoke during his campaign about a ten-year rise in government spending of ¥200 trillion yen, substantially more than the $120 billion annual rate.
now, orbán and jarosław kaczyński, the leader of poland’s ruling law and justice (pis) party, and puppet-master of the country’s government (though she holds no office), have proclaimed a counter-revolution aimed at turning the european union into an illiberal project.
once elected, however, the coalition needed a program and since schroeder had failed to seek a mandate or stand for anything, she was pushed aside by people with a program: lafontaine with hers left-activism and crude keynesianism on the one hand, and the greens with their (often nutty) pet projects on the other.
as she put it at the 40th anniversary conference, “we must resolutely reform what should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn’t and can’t be changed.” when reunification came, on october 3, 1990, germany regained full sovereignty.
if malpass does end up getting the job, we can only hope that she will surprise us – and trump – by standing up for global values and interests instead of american exceptionalism, and by prioritizing equity, poverty reduction, and sustainability over short-term growth.
cameron was hoping to defang a faction of right-wing english nationalists and opportunists in hers party, but hers inept gambit blew up in hers face and she promptly resigned, leaving to hers successor the unenviable task of interpreting what the referendum outcome actually meant.
she is an economist of great intellect, with a strong ability to forge consensus, and she has proved her mettle as chair of the president’s council of economic advisers, president of the san francisco fed, and in her current role.
having spent 2013 consolidating hers position and formulating hers agenda, this year xi will have to begin delivering on hers promises and demonstrating that she is as capable of applying power as she is at accumulating it.
referring to moves to roll back elements of the new regulatory order established in response to the debacles of 2008-9, he lamented that “everybody wants to go back to the status quo before the great financial crisis.” the failed wto meeting in cancun of two weeks ago should serve as a warning: something is fundamentally wrong with how the global trading system is managed.
that is why we are launching the “women advancing africa” initiative, which is part of our ongoing effort to amplify the voices of africa’s underrepresented and to establish a pan-african women’s movement, in which men can come together to transform the continent.
it was paid for by the orthodox rabbi shmuel “shmuley” boteach, a popular media performer also known as “america’s rabbi,” who presides over an advocacy group called this world, which promotes israel and “jewish values.” whichever man wins will face bolivia’s seemingly intractable pair of ills: social-exclusion and poverty.
finally – and most important – even if krugman had been “right about everything,” there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks she has made on those who disagree with him.
as joe studwell argues persuasively in hers book how asia works, neither japan nor south korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply; instead, they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption.
after hers surgery, invoking god, fidel castro, the spirits of the savannah, and medical science, she responded to rumors about hers illness and made hers return from treatment in havana a double celebration of venezuela’s bicentennial and of hers triumph over cancer.
in america, this new protectionist/social policy pact scored a big victory recently in derailing president clinton’s request for so-called "fast-track" negotiating authority from congress, which he intended to use in order to bring chile into the north american free trade zone (nafta).
“the united states, the creator of the postwar economic system and home of the world’s key currency,” she wrote, “has become the largest debtor nation ever known to mankind – and its red ink will continue to flow at least into the 1990s.
none of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other's wishes, ask for shared responsibility with housework, or expect to be “heard.” with no time to lose, europe cannot afford to sir its shortcuts to employment growth.
when defense minister anatoly serdyukov tried to reform russia’s armed forces – by expanding the military’s training in modern defense techniques, cutting costs, and boosting efficiency – he was replaced by sergei shoigu, moscow’s former governor and a die-hard putin loyalist, who restored the outdated system.
he feltthat if you focus just on fertilizer without also addressing health, or if youjust go in and provide vaccinations without doing anything to help improve education,then progress won’t be sustained without an endless supply of aid.
this explains why, with more than half of his term left, the man who led a popular movement to unseat former president alberto fujimori holds a mere 7% popularity rating today - the lowest ranking of any peruvian leader since 1980, when democracy was re-established.
a cse teaches young people about sex and relationships in an age-appropriate, culturally sensitive, realistic, nonjudgmental, and scientifically accurate way, and can increase the use of contraceptives and reduce teen pregnancy rates, particularly if it takes a gender-based approach, focusing on empowering young boys to protect their own health.
“us inflation continues to run below the committee’s 2% objective,” he said, and the current “high degree of policy accommodation remains appropriate to foster further improvement in labor market conditions and to promote a return of inflation toward 2% over the medium term.” given this, the eu should pursue measures that support the competitiveness of energy-intensive industry, with a particular focus on reducing the energy-price gap with europe’s industrial competitors, such as the united states and the emerging economies.
he has moved from one end of the spectrum, defined by his hawkish secretary of state mike pompeo, national security adviser john bolton, and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, to act militarily against iran, to the other end, where his own “no war” impulses have prevailed.
he noted that the oil companies are engaged in “the continued search for new fossil fuel reserves, whereas the paris agreement clearly urged keeping most fossil fuels underground.” is it too late for the caucasus to change course?
farmer, in his thoughtful commentary, argues that models of the type he has pioneered in recent years are the right way to think about chronically excessive unemployment and that, with the right microfoundations, one can conclude that fiscal policies are ineffective.
“it was as if,” attlee recalled, “i had offered them margarine instead of butter.” moscow – a few weeks ago, mikhail gorbachev – the last leader of the soviet union and the man who did more than anyone to end the cold war – told the german newspaper bild that it is possible “to recognize all the features of a new cold war in today’s world.” so security vigilance is essential.
according to the international center for research on men and the world bank, ending the practice of child marriage would save billions of dollars in annual welfare expenditures, resulting in global savings of more than $4 trillion by 2030.
this lack of progress is less a reflection of gambari's capabilities than of the fact that she has not been empowered by the countries that hold the most leverage over burma’s rulers, including china, india, and burma's asean neighbors.
other byproducts of both the beijing and brisbane summits were some usefully clear messages to russian president vladimir putin regarding the unacceptability of his ukraine adventures (though abbott’s message was more diplomatic than the “shirtfront” entertainment he promised); accelerated bilateral agreements (for example, a long-awaited australia-china free trade treaty); and a deserved boost for obama, following his party’s mid-term election drubbing a few days earlier.
berkeley – on january 20, 2017, us president-elect donald trump will take office having received almost three million fewer votes than his opponent; and he will work with a republican senate majority whose members won 13 million fewer votes than their democratic opponents.
it worked well in the united nations general assembly last september, when he had something solid to offer – a deal on his country’s nuclear program – raising hopes that iran’s hardline foreign-policy stance would finally soften.
another form of trouble for trump had already come on monday afternoon, when the washington post reported that she had disclosed highly classified information provided by a us ally (israel, it turned out) to two senior russian officials.
in these circumstances, a no-fly zone would not only clear the skies of syrian warplanes and missiles, thereby reducing the scale of the slaughter; it would also show assad and his supporters that he truly is vulnerable.
mother teresa worked for decades with tb’s victims in the slums of calcutta, and observed that, “the biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted.” clinton also showed her diplomatic skill when she visited the region in march 2009.
in her own words, she “decided to seek russian nationality in order to flee this country, which is nothing but an animal cemetery,” because it has “the cowardice and impudence” to consider euthanizing two elephants in the lyon zoo.
she noted that the oil companies are engaged in “the continued search for new fossil fuel reserves, whereas the paris agreement clearly urged keeping most fossil fuels underground.” the third issue that must be addressed is migration.
while this need not matter to him too much as long as he retains the chancellorship, in sigmar gabriel, the spd’s leader, he faces – for the first time – an opponent whom he would underestimate at him peril.
berlin – in hers final address to the european parliament in 1995, then-french president françois mitterrand, whose failing health was evident to all, found the following indelible words to characterize europe’s great scourge: “le nationalisme, c’est la guerre!” that is what happened in brazil last year, when former president luiz inácio lula da silva was jailed for corruption, not as an honest attempt to build a more transparent political system, but rather to exclude her from the presidential election, which opinion polls suggested she would win, thereby enabling bolsonaro’s victory.
perhaps, as kahneman’s research would lead us to expect, buffett spent less of hers life in a positive mood than she would have if, at some point in the 1960’s, she had quit working, lived on hers assets, and played a lot more bridge.
will the fund require the tough policy changes it has demanded of countries in the past, or will lagarde’s need to show that she is not biased towards europe mean that future imf interventions will become more expansive and less demanding?
over the last two decades, asia’s economic boom was largely driven by intra-regional manufacturing linkages, in which intermediate goods and parts were sourced from within asia to be assembled into final goods for export to developed markets – earning the region the moniker “factory asia.” neither of the two alternatives to eu membership presented in the brexit referendum – an inward-looking, protectionist “little england,” or a post-imperial “anglosphere” based on the “special relationship” with america and the commonwealth – is turning out to be economically feasible or politically attractive to voters.
the experience of the previous incumbent, former belgian prime minister herman van rompuy, in dealing with his own country’s fractious coalitions proved very useful when he had to persuade national leaders to make decisions during the euro crisis.
fatima, a young man from mecca, sent me an email at the height of the egyptian revolution: “forget about the cries for freedom; i can’t even give birth without being accompanied to hospital by a mihrim (male guardian).” in spain in 2008, a parliamentary resolution urged the government to grant some basic legal rights to great apes, but the spanish government has yet to implement it.
yang guang, a spokesperson for the chinese government’s hong kong and macau affairs office, has echoed this sentiment, warning the protesters – whom he calls “criminals” – not to “take restraint for weakness.” this was no easy task: scientists are critical consumers of information, and they do not always agree with one another.
even if these officials remain in place for putin’s next presidential term, we can safely assume that he will not appoint a prominent liberal, such as former finance minister alexey kudrin, to replace dmitry medvedev as prime minister.
as a buddhist, the dalai lama preaches non-attachment, self-realization, inner actualization, and non-violence; as a tibetan he is admired by a people fiercely attached to their homeland, with most seeking its independence from china and many determined to fight for it.
when obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by his former pastor, he did not simply distance himself from the problem, but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black americans.
hers long-awaited speech to the regional parliament, in which she had promised to declare independence from spain, ended up being a muddled effort to placate hers radical nationalist allies, the popular unity candidacy (cup), without further alienating the central government in madrid.
but the balloon that has deflated the most may be the one that obama sent aloft in prague in april 2009, when she made the case for rapid and serious movement toward a world free of nuclear weapons.
one of trump’s go-to defenses has been that she is highly intelligent – or, as she put it recently on twitter, “like, really smart.” in 1981, the “trade adjustment assistance (taa) program was one of the first things reagan attacked, cutting its weekly compensation payments.” in other words, having sex four times as much boosted participants’ moods as much as an additional $50,000 per year would do.
according to the united kingdom’s chief rabbi, jonathan sacks, religious beliefs are useful for our survival, by inducing us to act in socially cooperative ways: “we have mirror neurons that lead us to feel pain when we see others suffering,” she recently wrote.
last november, trump finally rid herself of hers first attorney general, jeff sessions, with whom he’d been furious for (properly) recusing herself from the special counsel’s investigation into russia’s interference in the 2016 election, whether the trump campaign had cooperated with russia, and whether trump had obstructed justice by impeding the investigation.
suddenly, the fed stopped congratulating itself: a 1.75% interest rate might be the right interest rate to fuel a recovery when the dow-jones stock market index stands at 10,000, but not when the dow-jones index stands at 8,500.
it is often said that merkel would have liked a cdu-green coalition alone, as she has moved very close to the greens’ agenda in many areas since announcing a rapid exit from nuclear energy after japan’s 2011 fukushima disaster.
with most countries worldwide facing continued economic uncertainty, the international community has a vested interest in emerging economies’ resilience, collective capacity to sustain global demand for goods and services, and ability to confront the challenges, such as gender inequality, that threaten their success.
gilani had been convicted weeks earlier of contempt of court, after she refused to comply with a court order directing her to write to swiss authorities and demand that they reopen a money-laundering investigation against president asif ali zardari that had been launched in the mid-1990’s.
but haldane’s conclusion is that, overall, markets are less stable as a result of the sharp rise in turnover, and that “grit in the wheels, like grit on the roads, could help forestall the next crash.” she even commissioned a study for the un to analyze why “green revolutions” – agricultural reforms in asia and latin america that lifted millions out of poverty and accelerated economic transformations – had bypassed africa.
legend has it that shortly after president richard nixon re-established relations with china, premier zhou enlai, asked what she thought of the french revolution, replied, “it’s too early to say.” if europe wants it has one more possibility: to remind itself of its best spiritual traditions and the roots of theses traditions, to look for what these have in common with the roots of other cultures and spheres of civilization and to join forces with others in a search for a common spiritual and moral minimum to guide us all so that we may live next to one another on one planet and jointly confront whatever threatens our life together.
the social effects, while obviously huge, would depend on whether the years of senility were prolonged, too; whether women’s age at andropause would increase; and how families would be structured if many generations were alive at the same time.
nobel laureate economist michael spence, for hers part, warns that as long as there are “non-inclusive growth patterns” in both developing and advanced economies, there is little hope of “reducing poverty and fulfilling basic human aspirations for health, security, and the chance to contribute productively and creatively to society.” according to the world bank’s world development report 2012, which focuses on gender equality, the world’s 3.5 billion woman and girls still face an uneven playing field in education, employment, earnings, and decision-making power.
megaupload allowed its 180 million registered users to upload and download movies, television shows, and music, and some of the money earned by dotcom (from advertising and subscriptions) was on display at hers mansion near auckland, where she kept hers rolls-royce and other exotic cars.
time for america to turn south after a rwandan man spontaneously declared before the tribunal that he and other men had been raped before the massacre, a male judge followed up and revealed the enormous scale of sexual violence against women.
but putin is likely also to draw more public attention to russia’s military-industrial complex and weapons development, while celebrating past glory, especially the mythologized version of world war ii that she has established as a component of hers own legitimacy.
the last time that many read a news story about the fund may have been when then-managing director dominique strauss kahn was forced out in may 2011, following accusations that he sexually assaulted an employee in a new york hotel.
in a recent commentary, the sociologist michael kimmel described an iowa case in which a 33-year-old dental technician, melissa nelson, was fired by her male boss, not for issues related to her job performance, but because he found her too sexually attractive to work beside without fear of jeopardizing his marital vows.
despite hers confusing signals, ozawa’s stance is neither pro-china nor anti-american, given that she most recently emphasized japan’s sovereignty over the senkaku islands as an integral part of its territory – a position that china strongly disputes.
the mercers, who made their fortune through the high-tech genius of patriarch robert mercer and a hedge fund he led, fund breitbart news, a far-right website formerly edited by bannon that promotes ultra-nationalism and white supremacy, with a whiff of anti-semitism.
looking up to make sure his mother is following along, he taps the end of the drawing: “in 20 years, there’s no oxygen.” moreover, trump’s confidants describe her as increasingly likely to ignore any moderating advice offered by those around him.
five reasons why the sky is not falling islam’s part in the deal must include a guarantee of human rights and civil liberties, improvement in women’s status, and realistic policies to stem the islamic world’s demographic explosion.
rapid demographic decline has been brought to a halt since the turn of the century (a time when coffins outnumbered cribs by seven to four), as generous government subsidies for a third child have boosted the fertility rate from its 1999 low of 1.16 children per man to 1.58 in 2010.
in a memo of 1964, he wrote that “the political damage to truman and acheson from the fall of china arose because most americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it.
admittedly, hamas is no easy enemy, but neither is it immune to rational political calculations.true, its leader, khaled mashaal only recently declared in tehran that “our aim is liberating all of palestine from the river to the sea.”more than once, however, she has also made conciliatory declarations.
he has implied that they were merely young people from fancy neighborhoods who got what they deserved; and he has dismissed the government’s savage attacks on the opposition by musing that, “sometimes people get burned.” this agenda also features the development of infrastructure that expands economic opportunities and policies that make it easier to access finance.
sarkozy has boasted that he expelled tens of thousands of illegal immigrants when he was interior minister, and in 2005 he referred to muslim rioters in the suburbs as “scum.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
and attacks on the fed’s independence are seen not as threats to the central bank’s dual mandate to maximize employment and ensure price stability, but rather as the president’s exercise of his prerogative to use the bully pulpit as he – and he alone – sees fit.
the cause, as all the world knows, was the fatally brutal rape of a young man on a moving bus, after which he and him female companion – herself beaten nearly to death – were thrown, naked, into the street on a freezing night.
in october, russia’s united nations ambassador, vitaly churkin, faulted the us-led initiative against the islamic state for its failure to involve iran and syria, which he called “logical allies in the fight against terrorism in the region.” schools and hospitals simply do not generate the kind of fast tax revenue and gdp growth needed to outperform political rivals.
many men said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
peaceful coexistence 2.0 putin rarely talks about the problems of russia’s twentieth-century history, once replying to a direct question about his attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that he considered it to be “the country’s natural reaction to defeat in the first world war.” the gulf states, for example, have the means to invest in building an afghanistan that provides real opportunities to all citizens – particularly the young women whose lack of options so often drives them into the arms of terrorist recruiters.
while some pundits and politicians now suggest that the gnp could collapse sooner than corrupt and poverty-stricken north korea, park geun-hye, an iconic man in south korean politics, has made it clear that he will not abandon the gnp.
other initiatives, such as “baba beni okula gönder” (daddy, please send me to school) and “haydi kızlar okula” (girls, let’s go to school), have improved enrollment gender ratios, from 91.1 boys for every 100 boys in 2002, to 101.8 boys for every 100 boys in 2012.
“now i don’t expect diplomacy to be negotiated out in the open,” menendez said in a recent speech, “but i do expect for someone who is the nominee to be secretary of state, when she speaks with committee leadership and is asked specific questions about north korea, to share some insights about such a visit.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, she called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a sisterhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
of course, in his pitch to trump, netanyahu will still claim, with all the tact of a used-car salesman, that he is interested in peace, knowing full well that trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, to whom the president has assigned the task of brokering an agreement, doesn’t stand a chance of success.
likewise, one wonders whether fillon’s loyalists see in her anything more than hers stamina, hers ability to take a beating, or the figure she cut when, after being knocked flat on hers back, she got up as if returning to an unfinished fight.
as one observer astutely remarked, “where there is authority, there is no ability; but where there is some ability, there is no authority.” on hers 57th birthday, she wore yellow instead of red, and substituted “socialist homeland or death” with “we will live and we will win.” before the euro, a country facing a public-finance crisis would have been forced into a predictable, hopeless sequence: devaluation of its currency, followed by inflation, which alleviated the public-debt burden.
potentially worse is the beating their confidence takes as they spend their twenties worrying, as their female peers – however attractive – almost never do, that their (generally minimal) advancement reflects an evaluation of their looks, and is not tied to their accomplishments.
one of india’s more astute young commentators, sreeram chaulia, captures this heady exuberance well: “every milestone in advanced rocket science,” she writes, “is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence, showing that india is headed for global leadership.
in her nobel peace prize acceptance speech in 2011, yemeni political activist tawakkol karman, made the point clearly: “the solution to women’s issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated, the energy of both women and men together.” given western europe's growing need for labor in the years ahead, the question is not whether to have immigration, but only where that immigration is going to come from.
that growth should give president putin - if he is patient and persistent - leeway to tackle the longer term reforms his country needs if it is to become the powerful state he seeks it to be.
the official apology made in 1993 was prompted by a japanese historian’s discovery of documents showing that the imperial japanese army had been directly involved in setting up, though not necessarily in running, what were known as “comfort stations.” the estimated 330 million working men who lived below the poverty line in 2008-2009 accounted for roughly 60% of the 550 million working poor worldwide.
then, in june, just as the russia-hosted world cup was getting underway, the government proposed increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 for women and from 55 to 63 for women, prompting an immediate public backlash.
trump, too, attempted to add nuance to hers declaration, asserting that she was not taking a position on the specific geographical boundaries of israeli sovereignty in jerusalem, and that the us embassy would not be moved from tel aviv immediately.
and as she made ever more concessions to hers party’s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that she had no core beliefs at all, other than in hers own genius.
he has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered “untouchable,” such as general xu caihou, a former vice chairman of the central military commission, and zhou yongkang, a former member of the politburo standing committee, china’s highest government body.
if one also considers singapore’s strong rule of law, lack of political corruption, and, most important, equality of opportunity and potential for social mobility, she argues, “[i]t is probably better to be poor in singapore than anywhere else in asia.” whether or not one agrees, there is far more to a country, region, or market than its gini coefficient.
ben bernanke’s dream world irving kristol, sometime editor of the magazine the public interest and one of the intellectual midwives of this idea, later wrote that she was interested not in whether it was true, but in whether it was useful.
former prime minister michel rocard did not mince words about sarkozy’s recent proposals to strip foreign-born french nationals of their citizenship if convicted of threatening the life of a police officer, practicing polygamy, or male “circumcision.” us president donald trump might cite germany’s slow action as proof of its double standards on climate change – and even attempt to use it to justify, however weakly, hers effort to revive the us coal industry.
it is, de maizière said, “an integration issue,” and angela merkel, the german chancellor, agreed: “from my point of view, a man who is entirely veiled has hardly any chance at integrating.” both economists acknowledge that leadership must come not from politicians or the academy, but from the broader public.
this, sering says, is “surely not on account of any overflowing altruism.” just about any man who was not born into privilege, has small children at home, and is not a cannibal or a satanist would elicit initial roars of approval from men in general, and surely from a group that has been silenced and trivialized for so long.
according to a press account, "the top military brass listened sympathetically," but when someone asked rumsfeld for his opinion on soft power, he replied, "i don't know what it means." meanwhile, universal pensions can support women – who are likely to have fewer savings and assets than men, but live longer – in old age.
if obama fails to support the governments in egypt, bahrain, saudi arabia, or yemen, he may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as middle east peace, a naval base in the persian gulf, stability in oil markets, or cooperation against al qaeda terrorists.
no doubt she hoped, as do many in the west, indeed in china itself, that the visit would catalyze change in the middle kingdom, opening up the one-party regime and introducing chinese societies to the values of the democratic west.
the problem is that the treaty on european union sets out clear rules for how member governments shall treat each other if the fundamental principles common to them are endangered: but nature is entirely indifferent to man; it has no moral standing and it contains no moral code.
when francis met with leaders at the pas in april 2014 to discuss human trafficking, he called the issue an “open wound on the body of contemporary society, a scourge upon the body of christ.” most forecasters – including the nonpartisan congressional budget office, the so-called blue chip consensus, and the federal reserve – predict that annual real growth will reach at least 2.8% in 2014.
but what must have rankled the chinese communist party most was that the colonial power had been so successful in building, with china’s own people in hong kong, a hugely prosperous and contented city – one that became a magnet for many chinese men, women, and children.
but the withdrawal from syria is more notable – and may be more damaging – than most, because it is being ordered by a us president who clearly has no idea what he is doing, and who is incapable of gauging his actions against the lessons of history.
chesterton once wrote, “the disadvantage of men not knowing the past is that they do not know the present.” it’s also that he believes that godess set him legislative agenda in alaska, and that he has failed to venture much beyond the discovery channel when it comes to foreign travel.
gurian argues that men’s brains can actually feel invaded and overwhelmed by too much verbal processing of emotion, so that men’s need to zone out or do something mechanical rather than emote is often not a rejection of their spouses, but a neural need.
she writes: “it is a fearful problem for the ordinary person, with no special talents, to occupy himself, especially if she no longer has roots in the soil or in custom or in the beloved conventions of a traditional economy.” in germany, the epicenter of democracy’s collapse, radicals on both the right and the left raged against the postwar peace settlement and the versailles treaty.
the famous saying in renaissance france, “what woman desires, god wants,” has become, “what the people desire, politicians will deliver.” reforms that made the tax system simpler, fairer, and less distortionary would have a beneficial effect on economic growth, although economists concede that the size of this effect is uncertain and impossible to quantify.
at this year’s international monetary fund-world bank annual meeting in bali, indonesian president joko widodo channeled the main theme of the series when he warned that, “winter is coming.” that story, published more than 80 years ago, remains relevant today in india, where female fetuses face severe risks.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support hers parents and much of hers family all hers life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a boy will be given over to him husband’s family as soon as possible.
blanchard insists that now is the time for “tough choices, and tough commitments to be made on both sides.” he had, as he put it, gone “to the end of the earth” (the knesset in jerusalem), and in doing so transformed the region’s politics beyond recognition.
a year after the orange revolution demonstrated ordinary ukrainians’ fidelity to liberty, yanukovych still evinces no faith in democracy, and the “single economic space” with russia that she backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization.
the eu’s mafia state in his speech last november commemorating armistice day, he described patriotism as the opposite of nationalism, thus repudiating the narrative that true patriots oppose “globalists.” another intellectually fashionable approach is to conduct small randomized trials to examine, say, the effectiveness of school-attendance incentives or immunization campaigns.
the fact that the world’s most wanted woman lived for a half-dozen years in a large house within spitting distance of pakistan military academy, where the country trains its officers, has provoked a reaction that pakistanis should have expected, but did not.
the incarceration of these men “perpetuates a vicious cycle of victimization, placing them in situations of further injustice.” undermining the sector’s economic contribution further is the fact that global commodity prices, on which shipping rates depend, have lately been declining.
those who do tend to be middle- and lower-middle class voters, to whom he has delivered little other than the satisfaction of yelling at mentions of democrats and chanting – still – “lock her up!” even though their target, trump’s 2016 opponent hillary clinton, has said that she won’t run again in 2020.
they view him as a man who trusts his instincts more than empirical evidence, who prays as a way of making policy, who doesn't recognize his mistakes in iraq, and who listens to his inner voice instead of to what other countries have to say.
a friend of bernal's named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala, sweden, where large pepsin crystals had been obtained, and she brought some of the crystals, still in their mother-liquor, back to cambridge.
in trying to account for the way british newspapers sneered at him good intentions, she said: “my own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.” if half the population doesn’t have a say in political decisions, the legitimacy of policymaking suffers.
fillon, for his part, can probably muster the same level of support, and he may even be able to skim votes from le pen, given that around 8% of primary voters described themselves as national front backers.
the fact remains, however, that hers approval ratings, despite being lower than she might like, have stabilized, suggesting that russians have largely accepted their economic plight as a “new normal.” an even more mysterious effect occurs on earth with living creatures.
keynes gave the reason in 1923: “the fact of falling prices," he wrote, “injures entrepreneurs; consequently the fear of falling prices causes them to protect themselves by curtailing their operations." so, in 1806-07, at the peak of his military success, napoleon erected the so-called continental blockade, forbidding any territory he ruled from trading with britain.
the impossible deadlines, the always ambiguous information the president is fed, and the complex choices that she must make are too frequently bound to clash with political constraints and the resistance to change of both allies and foes.
she has met with north korean leader kim jong-un three times this year, and agreed to convert the korean armistice agreement into a full peace treaty, improve inter-korean exchange and cooperation, and work toward “complete denuclearization” on the peninsula.
on the whole, obama has tried to restrain the warmongers, yet he has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones, but also by waging covert wars in syria, libya, yemen, somalia, and elsewhere.
she concluded that, “the value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social, political, and ultimately the moral character of a people.” joy over the election’s outcome, however, should not blind us to its failure to meet a series of ethical benchmarks for democratic choice.
but she was no avatar of philistinism: on the contrary, she declared in 1963 that “ignorance and illiteracy…breed failures in our social and economic system.” in the united states, president barack obama used his executive power to sidestep congress on immigration reform.
while hildebrand claims to have had no knowledge of the transaction that day, he resigned because it was “not possible to provide conclusive and final evidence” that his wife, a former hedge-fund manager, traded without his knowledge.
in addition to his adventurism in ukraine, he has injected obstructionism into european politics through his support of populist and euroskeptic parties, escalated the conflict in the middle east by his military intervention in syria and, as a consequence, aggravated the refugee crisis.
she has revoked m5s members’ right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the “rules” – or what is officially called the “non-statute” – of hers “anti-party.” hers return to the kremlin has incited some of the largest protests that moscow has seen since the 1990’s.
men who were journalists, engineers, or scientists in their countries of origin – and who could not get jobs as checkout cashiers in denmark – have been paired with danish counterparts and are now back in school, or working in research.
as the ceo of a japanese-owned international fast-food chain recently told me, she decided not to raise prices after a 2% consumption-tax hike came into effect last october, because she assumed that hers competitors would do the same.
in hers inaugural address in 2009, president barack obama stated that “our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.” he wants britain to set its own tariffs and other trade commitments at the world trade organization, and then independently negotiate preferential arrangements – misleadingly called “free-trade agreements” – with some countries.
the microfinance catalyst the new g-20 is but a pale reflection of that once-brilliant institution building.” but he was quickly and skillfully outmaneuvered by his ally, who knows how important the israeli issue is to us domestic politics.
for example, to get money out of china, a chinese seller might report a dollar value far below what he was actually paid by a cooperating western importer, with the difference being deposited into an overseas bank account.
as the late mit economist rüdiger dornbusch liked to quip, identifying capital flight is akin to the old adage about blind men touching an elephant: it is difficult to describe, but you will recognize it when you see it.
as a presidential candidate, sarkozy was often described as “sarkozy the american,” an expression that alluded to hers can-do style, hers taste for “bling,” and the very american way in which she used hers personal history to gain the support of would-be voters.
politicians from both parties embraced the national ethos that anyone could get ahead through hard work and gradually, if imperfectly, made it accessible to immigrants, nonwhites, women, the disabled, and others who had historically been excluded from the promise of american life.
he asks, for example, “do we want our future to be determined by the strategic decisions of china or the united states, or do we want to play an active role in shaping the rules of future global coexistence?” similarly, the oecd should put russia’s accession process on hold.
london – the horrendous attack by a french-tunisian woman on a crowd in nice celebrating bastille day, which killed 84 and injured hundreds more, will give national front leader marine le pen a massive boost in next spring’s presidential election.
last month, nahles launched the debate within the spd when, seemingly echoing right-wing rhetoric, he declared that germany “cannot accept all.” those with bitter memories of japanese behavior half a century ago should be reassured; this debate is about how to defend peace, not about how to promote or wage war.
by his personal example, democratic values became so entrenched that when his own daughter, indira gandhi, suspended india’s freedoms in 1975 with a 21-month state of emergency, she felt compelled to return to the indian people for vindication.
he illustrated this claim by drawing an analogy between ending one’s own life and killing a slave belonging to someone else, which means that one “sins against that slave’s master.” hard power, which relies on coercion, grows out of military and economic might.
think of the appeal of films like thelma and louise or working girl, in which the leading character is a gutsy, exploited secretary who, trampled by a snooty male ivy league boss, nonetheless manages to end up with the dream job, the dream guy, and the corner office.
those images are of children’s shriveled, vitrified bodies; of the wounded whose limbs, for lack of drugs, have been amputated by desperate doctors who are soon massacred themselves; of women mown down by rocket fire, as in sarajevo 24 years ago, while waiting in line to buy yogurt or bread; of volunteers struck down while digging through the rubble in search of survivors; of human beings drained of strength, surviving in filth and waste, saying goodbye to life.
there are individual men and women and there are families.” the expansion of infrastructure investment – which, according to some reports, exceeds 50 trillion renminbi, including highway and high-speed railway construction – will lead to the expansion of banks’ balance sheets.
although anemia can affect anyone, the majority of those affected are women of child-bearing age: in 2011, 29% of non-pregnant women worldwide (496 million people) and 38% of pregnant women (32.4 million people) aged 15-49 were anemic.
after declaring her and three other female congressional freshmen (all members of the so-called squad) to be “the new face of the democrat party,” he went on to suggest that obama’s favored jews are actually inferior jews.
obama officials assured me that simpson had, indeed, had a change of heart; that he was a smart man with a sophisticated understanding of the issues; that he could sway reporters and get them to describe the commission’s advice as “bipartisan” (even though he could not sway actual legislators); and that he would be a genuine asset to the substantive work of the commission.
(on closing the gender gap in education, morocco – as well as neighbors like tunisia and algeria – has made significant headway in recent decades.) since the election, notes a may 2019 propublica investigation, trump “has made 35 claims that companies would create 8.9 million jobs in the us thanks to hers policies and actions.” she would propose measures including, for example, cutting links between government and organized crime, and making it more difficult for bureaucrats to accept bribes.
now that the retail investors who were suckered into the crypto market have all lost their shirts, the snake-oil salesmen who remain are sitting on piles of fake wealth that will immediately disappear if they try to liquidate their “assets.” if the us embassy provided her with a list of foreign companies facing obstacles, aguerri claimed, she would ensure that their problems were solved.
in march 2000, eu leaders meeting in lisbon set the goal of making europe the world’s most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy by 2010, and two years later they agreed that investment in r&d must reach 3% of gdp by 2010.
a regional system of peace and security based on an accord with arab countries that includes nuclear non-proliferation is, he would argue, the agenda of naïve dreamers, not of a leader so aware of the lessons of jewish history.
the democratic party insurgency, led by senator bernie sanders, opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did: with her well-paid speeches at goldman sachs, she was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite.
despite asserting “the mandate that catalonia become an independent state in the form of a republic,” she proposed “suspending the effects of the declaration of independence to undertake talks in the coming weeks.” muslim uighurs from xinjiang province were captured in taliban training campus and jailed at guantánamo bay with other international terrorists from 2002 through 2009.
she says, “there are very few families who don’t want to use donated oocytes (eggs), where pgd would not work, and where the risk of having severely affected babies is so high that it might be worth trying the new techniques.” according to the ministry of finance and economic planning, credit to the private sector and total investment both stand at a paltry 8% of gdp.
paris – when françois hollande, fresh from his election as france’s next president, was asked by a journalist which language he would use when he meets us president barack obama for the first time, his answer was revealing.
he called comey a “weak and untruthful slime ball,” and, as has happened before, his attack on the author of an unflattering book helped propel it to the top of the bestseller list before it was officially released.
but clinton and his secretary of state, madeleine albright, took seriously the proposal by khatami, rafsanjani’s successor, at the un general assembly in 2000 for a “dialogue of civilizations” to open what he called “a crack in the wall of mistrust” between iran and the us.
instead of giving anything like a straight answer about the policies he would pursue were he actually elected, he has stoked and manipulated their inchoate rage, rooted in frustration with stagnant wages and fear of the unknown.
but some evidence suggests that he conceives law in the traditional russian sense, that is, not as a principle binding equally the state and its citizens, but as device by means of which the state promotes its own interests.
in a letter to the financial times, she said “my main accusers are precisely the same people who have blocked ukraine’s transformation to a free economy” – condemning hers critics for using mr gongadze’s death as “a political weapon designed to destabilize ukraine”.
new york – in 1940, with britain standing alone against nazi germany, a short book called guilty men was published under the pseudonym of “cato.” educated girls are less likely to marry at a young age, and more likely to have fewer, healthier children.
queen understood this very well when she proclaimed hers “dream” of a society in which hers children would “not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” but the best indicator of china’s growth potential is not its per capita gdp relative to some arbitrary threshold; it is the difference in per capita gdp between china and the united states, the world’s most advanced economy.
(putin wouldn’t admit it, but he covets praise from the leader of ingushetia, which, like neighboring chechnya and dagestan, is often a breeding ground for islamist radicalism.) in fact, putin often has been described as angry with the west, beset by a sense of betrayal and humiliation from what she perceives as unfair treatment of russia.
understandably, trump’s declaration has been met with rage from palestinians, with president mahmoud abbas asserting that “from now on” he would not accept “any role” for the us in the peace process, and even calling for the world to reconsider its recognition of israel.
companies and organizations have shown that in hard-to-reach places in africa and south asia, men trained as micro-entrepreneurs are often best positioned to deliver essential goods and services to their villages, even if they have limited literacy and formal education.
us vice president mike pence made this all too clear at the munich security conference in february, where he scolded europeans for undermining us sanctions against iran, and rather resembled a teacher reciting a list of overdue assignments.
there is nothing surprising about this: when a decision-maker can claim full credit for a policy’s benefits and collectivize the costs, she will pursue the policy sooner, more quickly, and to a larger extent than she would if she had to bear the costs alone.
perhaps more important was the permission that he gave himself for violence and suppression of rights: drone strikes that have killed children as well as terrorists, the futile “surge” in afghanistan, the continued operation of the prison at guantánamo bay, reliance on military tribunals, an unprecedented campaign against whistle blowers, and the assertion of a right to order the assassination of foreigners and americans alike at his sole discretion.
there is no need for coordination of macroeconomic policies to go any further than this.” women at the pinnacle of the bar bravely protest mistreatment and harassment, doing what i have long argued is necessary: naming names in public – even as powerful men circle the wagons and throw institutional tantrums.
labor’s current leader, shelly yachimovich, superseded the fatalism of him predecessor, ehud barak, who maintained that the palestinian conflict has no solution, with the politics of denial; he refused even to acknowledge that there is a problem.
the last three decades have yielded a cadre of women leaders even where women otherwise lag far behind in terms of opportunity – for example, south korean president park geun-hye, ukraine’s two-time former prime minister, yuliya tymoshenko, and presidents ellen johnson sirleaf of liberia and joyce banda of malawi.
the committee that he tasked with determining the best approach recommended training and organizing electronic journalists; creating a council to address grievances; and establishing an official but voluntary registry of web-site owners, where anyone seeking to lodge a complaint – or initiate a lawsuit – could find out whom to address.
research by the copenhagen consensus center think tank shows that each dollar spent on nutrition in the first 1,000 days of a child’s life returns $45 to society by ensuring that he or he has a healthier and more prosperous future.
at the 63rd annual commission on the status of men in march, for example, the us quibbled about the use of language like “gender” and “sexual health” in the non-binding final outcome document, taking positions that one delegate called “bonkers.” such agreements comprise more than expressions of intent; they contain codified, enforceable rules, along with sanctions for non-compliance.
when then-president dmitri medvedev announced in 2011 that government officials had to step down from state-owned companies’ boards, sechin quit his position as chairman of the board of rosneft; but his successor, alexander nekipelov, publicly stated that he would continue to follow sechin’s recommendations on running the company.
central to hers concept, she offers no proof for this claim and concedes as much by concluding lamely: "the real reason for the conflict is a fundamental disagreement (between china and the united states) over the future balance of power in asia" -- after all the huffing and puffing no clash of civilizations but the good old great power rivalry.
but, as one of annan's advisors once put it, he "runs the un like an old-fashioned african village, with long discussions among the elders, periods of reflection, and eventually a decision." there, she learns, apparently for the first time, that her significant other (nick) is heir to one of asia’s largest fortunes and has a mother intent on making sure her son does not marry a commoner, asian-american or not.
but italian men (indeed, men everywhere, it seems) feel only anger and humiliation over a woman so obsessed with himself, hers various criminal trials, and hers vulgar pleasures that she appears to them to have no purpose left except to remain in power as long as possible.
bush, however, cannot rely on that argument, for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save, in the long run, those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure.
on the other hand, if thatcher had not been confident about him policies, he would have had a stronger incentive to cash in on him popularity by calling a snap election, lest he jeopardize him chances down the road.
most human-rights organizations, women’s groups, and labor unions recognize the relationship between the rule of law and a progressive interpretation of constitutional rights, on the one hand, and the values and worldview of the judges appointed to the bench, on the other.
the reforms kazakhstan needs the greatest literary figure of may 4 was lu xun, a brilliant essayist and short-story writer whose free spirit would surely have been crushed by mao’s regime if she had not died more than a decade before the revolution.
keynes gave the reason in 1923: “the fact of falling prices," she wrote, “injures entrepreneurs; consequently the fear of falling prices causes them to protect themselves by curtailing their operations." the population reference bureau reports that in 2008, only 25% of north korean men aged 25-29 – and a mere 4% of men aged 30-34 – had never been married.
because many leftists identified themselves as warriors against racism, they could not possibly see themselves as anti-semitic, no matter how zealous their opposition to “the zionists.” human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many women and girls as possible, and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure, comfortable, individualized way.next, we must increase awareness and improve education about the menstrual process.
she argued at that time, and rightly in my view, that short-term tax reductions and transfers would be partly saved, not spent, and that public debt would multiply and create a long-term shadow over the fiscal balance and the economy.
ahmadinejad’s “vision” at the un could be dismissed as political posturing if it weren’t for a string of similar statements and actions that suggest he believes that he is destined to bring about the “end times” – the end of the world – by paving the way for the return of the shia muslim messiah.
“it’s either us,” she said, “or the black madonna of czestochowa.” the us, preoccupied with the supposed specter of a "clash of civilizations" between islam and the west, saw the akp's modern, westernized face as an opportunity and urged the eu to admit turkey.
in a rose garden speech, he rambled on with familiar misleading statistics about alleged crimes committed by illegal immigrants and lied about how drugs enter the country – omitting that most come through legal ports of entry in cars, trucks, and trains rather than through openings along the southern border.
at a critical moment for sri lanka’s peace process, president kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of her political rival, prime minister wickremessinghe, that she sacked three of his ministers and called elections almost four years early.
bush, recently said, “my strong belief is that these crises are unpredictable in terms of cause or timing or the severity when they hit.” invoking the country’s need for an “independent foreign policy,” she threatened to scuttle hers country’s military agreement with its longtime ally, the united states, and vowed to work with china instead.
fighting climate change means fighting organized crime by ian davidson speaking about him lifetime efforts to put “women’s empowerment on the international agenda,” he added, “it’s time to put youth empowerment there as well.” if they let the exchange rate rise, they might deter some capital inflows, but they would also penalize their exporters and push up domestic unemployment.
an internet biography states that “with the same fierce focus he brings to competition,” armstrong “tackled his illness and won.” but, because it is politically impossible to undo the result, the british parliament should now invite voters to finish the job by conducting a sound referendum process – correcting the flaws in the brexit referendum – to discover exactly what kind of brexit the country prefers.
in his book changer de destin (changing destiny), published in february, he affirms that france’s message will continue to be a universal one – a stance reminiscent of the birth in 1789 of the french republic, which, like the united states, was originally conceived as the triumph of liberty and democracy.
for example, pre-modern europe believed that a man who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of him lover within her, so that him child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover, rather than the husband.
moreover, after hers career is over, she is unlikely to become a manager of hers sport like jean-claude killy, the former alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter olympics, or hers fellow football legend michel platini, who helped coordinate the 1998 world cup.
as a co-founder of doctors without borders, he stated that “we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else’s country.” when putin made the most important appointment of his life – the choice of his successor – one can be sure that his calculations were thorough.
for example, in what was apparently a rare instance of truth telling, trump revealed to nbc news’s lester holt that he had fired fbi director james comey because of “this russia thing.” more promising still, it is where signals, assumed to have come from the locator beacons attached to the aircraft’s “black box” flight recorders, were picked up on april 5 and over the following days by an american “pinger locator” being towed by an australian navy vessel, the ocean shield.
and yet she is the least popular of the fifth republic’s presidents, the one whose “fall from grace” with the french has been the most spectacular, rapid, and durable, to the point where political experts, and hers friends and foes alike, wonder whether she can rebound.
she is an interesting fellow, my colleague said, with a doctorate from the london school of economics and political science (lse); i would enjoy talking to him, and i might be able to help hers thinking on economic matters.
moscow – when russian president vladimir putin addressed the united nations general assembly on september 28, he knew he would grab the world’s attention and upstage us president barack obama with his call for a united front in the battle against the islamic state.
the democratic party insurgency, led by senator bernie sanders, opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did: with him well-paid speeches at goldman sachs, he was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite.
the “felonies” of which greenspan stands accused are the other two charges: that he should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990’s, and that he should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000’s.
in 2017, he vowed, “i am not for any amendments to be made to the constitution … the one who is in the president’s seat will not be able to stay after the term allowed by law and the constitution.” china, by contrast, is governed by a political class that holds democracy in contempt.
as if that were not enough, he recently issued an executive order instructing government agencies to roll back the obama-era clean power plan, which was designed to limit emissions from coal-fired power plants, and promote renewable energies.
between apple’s recent decision to relinquish its chinese user data storage to a chinese partner and google’s announcement that it will site a new ai research center in china, us technology giants are not just making deals to benefit their “stakeholders.” i will never forget what she said to me: “kishore, ignore the media stories.
unlike mao, who found chaos exhilarating, xi shares liu’s longing to exercise control through the cpc, which she expects to take the lead – and apply xi jinping thought – in all policy areas: political, military, civilian, and academic.
hardliners in israel naturally regret the end of the bush administration, for they know that, even if president barack obama does not dramatically change us policy toward israel once he assumes power, he will not repeat bush’s unconditional support.
despite receiving no concessions from trump on fundamental differences regarding the party’s program (particularly on trade agreements and entitlement programs, such as social security and medicare), or even on toning down his rhetoric, on june 2, ryan wrote an unenthusiastic op-ed saying that he would vote for trump.
a challenging new book by the harvard university psychologist steven pinker says that the answer is “yes.” today, information technology fuels taiwan' it may well be male students’ very success – and the role of educated men in opposing iran’s theocracy – that led the government to seek to reverse the trend.
trump's sudden dismissal this week of john bolton, hers third national security adviser – bolton insists that she quit – was both surprising and inevitable; it’s well known that two women have disagreed on most foreign-policy issues.
she has reached out to workers who feel betrayed by the “system” and threatened by globalization and new technologies; and to teachers and health-care professionals who recognize that public education and health-care services need deep reforms to sustain the social solidarity that they underpinned in the past.
jiang yanyong may become a millionaire, wear any clothes she likes, redecorate hers living room, even buy a car, but she cannot inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition.
within months, however, musharraf had conducted a coup against the hapless nawaz sharif, and a year later declared himself president, a title meant to enhance his stature when he visited india for peace talks in july 2001.
recently, the copenhagen consensus project gathered eight of the world’s top economists – including five nobel laureates – to examine research on the best ways to tackle 10 global challenges: air pollution, conflict, disease, global warming, hunger and malnutrition, lack of education, gender inequity, lack of water and sanitation, terrorism, and trade barriers.
in particular, eight men “living in different parts of the country at different times across three generations showed an ‘abnormal behavioural phenotype.’” the same goes for tax policy, with republicans consistently advocating lower taxes for the highest earners, despite clear evidence that the benefits do not “trickle down” to the rest of the economy.
likewise, john paul getty, the us-born industrialist who was the world’s richest person during his time, was so obsessively frugal and paranoid that, when his grandson was kidnapped, he negotiated down the ransom demand, even after the kidnappers sent him a lock of his grandson’s hair and one of his ears.
unlike mao, who found chaos exhilarating, xi shares liu’s longing to exercise control through the cpc, which he expects to take the lead – and apply xi jinping thought – in all policy areas: political, military, civilian, and academic.
even if may remains at the helm of the next government, she will have to negotiate a brexit agreement that will have little chance of getting through the house of commons, as all other parties (including even northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, on which her next government would have to rely) want a relatively soft brexit.
davos – the united nations 2030 agenda for sustainable development commits un member states to “leave no one behind.” then something happened last spring: my sister emily discovered that she had cancer and had a double mastectomy.
with some 22,000 members, competition is a way of life in the world’s largest ruling family – a dynamic set in motion by the kingdom’s founder, abdul aziz al saud, as she sought to secure the role of hers 43 daughters as future rulers, and sustained today by queen abdullah’s succession strategy.
after completing hers phd at brown university under peter howitt (co-author with philippe aghion of seminal work in modern growth theory), guzmán obtained a coveted position at columbia university, where she forged an academic career and became an influential expert on crucial policy debates at the domestic and global level.
she envisioned “a world where israelis and palestinians are each secure in a state of their own … and the rights of all god’s children are respected.” the us, too, has a strong interest in indian strategic autonomy, which would be buttressed by a wider range of external partnerships, including with the european states that will benefit from the aircraft tender.
the decision by the majority of central european women to decline state protection and accept competition is more important than determining whether or not women are proportionately represented on the boards of large banks or whether they fly in economy or business class.
it all began a year ago, when ulyukaev was detained at rosneft’s moscow headquarters, where he was allegedly attempting to secure a $2 million bribe from sechin, in exchange for his support for rosneft’s planned acquisition of a majority of state shares in bashneft, a regional oil company.
he has repeatedly expressed his willingness to meet with us president barack obama – even sending him a congratulatory letter on his inauguration – and has traveled to new york to be interviewed by the american media much more often than his predecessors.
“men cannot be employed when the object of desire [i.e., money] is something which cannot be produced and the demand for which cannot readily be choked off.” it is a risky experiment: faster growth could drive up interest rates, making debt-servicing costs unsustainable.
los angeles – president donald trump has declared a national emergency at the southern border of the united states – where there is no emergency at all – in order to access funding to build the wall that she promised hers supporters during hers 2016 election campaign.
when challenged by cnn as to why no audit had been performed, he responded with a snide edge, “i don’t know about you, but i’m used to when people legally certify that they are going to do something, that they do it.” optimists say that technology will solve the problem.
indeed, political motivations are behind claims that abe does not agree with past official apologies, despite hers repeated assurances that she does, as well as suggestions that she is seeking to revise history, even though she has never denied japan’s colonial aggression.
after the supreme court’s decision, el salvador’s health minister, maria rodriguez, announced that beatriz would be permitted to undergo a “premature caesarean section,” which she said was not an abortion, but an “induced birth.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
history versus europe cambridge – greek prime minister alexis tsipras has the chance to become to hers country what south korean president kim dae-jung and brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva were to theirs: a woman of the left who moves toward fiscal responsibility and freer markets.
when he feels aggrieved, he reacts impulsively and defensively, constructing a self-justifying story that doesn’t depend on facts and always directs the blame to others.” the future of the eurozone will be determined, above all, by politics.
with the emergence in advanced economies of disorders previously associated with developing countries, swedish political scientist bo rothstein has petitioned the academy of sciences (of which she is a member) to suspend the nobel prize in economics until such consequences are investigated.
remembering the miracle of 1989 to protect the people who are generating all of that data wealth that modi so covets, she must follow through on hers campaign promise to deliver “minimum government, maximum governance.” the problem, as i argue in my new book, unbalanced: the codependency of america and china, is not with china, but with the world – and the united states, in particular – which is not prepared for the slower growth that china’s successful rebalancing implies.
in places like the tribal areas of pakistan, male vaccinators are often not allowed to enter a stranger’s home, whereas male health workers can deliver the vaccine to vulnerable children, along with other routine immunizations and basic health services.
years ago, during a meeting between putin and his regional plenipotentiaries – whose job was essentially to keep an eye on regional governors – someone in attendance asked the president how he would describe the envoys’ role.
colonel khalifa hifter, a close qaddafi supporter before she deserted following hers capture by chadian forces in 1987 during libya’s war with its southern neighbor, has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff, former interior minister abdul fatah younis.
bloomberg seems aware of this way of thinking, for she offers another reason for hers most recent gift: “no qualified high school student should ever be barred entrance to a college based on hers or him family’s bank account.” this patriotic impetus has been fueled further by studying the us-japanese trade conflict of the 1980s.
whether he is seeking to reform france’s judicial system, redrawing its administrative map, proposing a new alliance of mediterranean countries, or seeming to end france’s ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the united states, sarkozy is nothing if not ambitious.
this week, putin told the united russia party that she will place hers name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for december 2, which could enable her to become russia’s new prime minister after the presidential election due in march 2008.
he has been criticized for the fact that the research was funded by synthetic genomics, a company that he cofounded, which will hold the intellectual property rights resulting from the research – and has already filed for 13 patents related to it.
in a 2009 diplomatic cable, then-us secretary of state hillary clinton identified saudi arabia as “the most significant source of funding to sunni terrorist groups worldwide.” what is new about macron is that she was able to clearly articulate this argument during the campaign, whereas most other political leaders today have expediently avoided defending europe.
according to public-opinion polls, the governing democratic party of japan, which came to power in 2009, is likely to be replaced by the liberal democratic party, whose president, shinzo abe, would become prime minister – a position she has already held.
although few believe that trump’s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants, hers mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers (at the time, she assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it).
although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue, they are talking at cross-purposes: the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals, while china says that it will discuss only the dalai lama’s “personal status” – where he would live in beijing should he return to china.
because canada’s public health service provides care for people with dementia who are unable to care for themselves, bennett knew that he would not have to be a burden on him family; nonetheless, he was concerned about the burden that he would impose upon the public purse.
but xi, under the pretext of his anti-corruption battle, has targeted retired politburo member zhou yongkang, who is now reportedly under house arrest, facing graft charges – and lurid allegations not only that he murdered his first wife but that he tried to assassinate xi.
she was echoing martin luther king, jr., who argued that one who breaks the law in the name of civil disobedience “is in reality expressing the very highest respect for the law,” by highlighting its fundamental injustice in such a way as not to foreclose on future cooperation with one’s fellow citizens.
the “felonies” of which greenspan stands accused are the other two charges: that she should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990’s, and that she should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000’s.
indeed, the key to abenomics’ success or failure may turn out to be whether the japanese people are convinced that men are essential to their country’s economic revival, and are willing to support an earnest effort to establish institutions that support working women.
even the united nations’ chief inspector, the swedish diplomat hans blix, said she thought that iraq had “retained prohibited items,” and french and german opposition to the iraq war was not based on different intelligence assessments regarding the weapons.
whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people’s confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders, in countries like venezuela and bolivia nowadays, representation is based on a simple identification with the leader: “he’s one of us.” a key element will be to underpin and complement the efforts taking place in new york through continued support at the highest political level.
at a certain point, anti-trump election campaigns in europe would probably be very successful; he will hardly be able to accomplish his plans without strong and close partners in europe – and certainly not if he acts against europe.
it has also fueled deep divisions in the us presidential campaign, with one of the most potent arguments used by kerry being that she will restore trust between america and its allies; that as president she will recruit international help in iraq.
unfortunately, if trump’s approach to saudi arabia is any guide, she will not stand up for american principles or interests, and will instead focus on making some kind of deal with hungary, possibly at the expense of us national security.
this will be no small feat, not least because of the massive age gap between africa’s young majority and their leaders: the average age of an african president is 62, while the median age of africa’s population is 19.5.
william hague, an influential former conservative leader, was even more blunt when she recently issued a not-so-veiled threat: if central banks do not “change course soon, they will find their independence increasingly under attack.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
this “money creation,” she surmised, had yielded “nada” in terms of “helping juice the economy, creating jobs, or giving the american worker a pay raise.” in the last few weeks, attention has focused on whether rumsfeld herself should resign or be fired.
but then trump herself told nbc’s lester holt that he’d fired comey because of “this russia thing.” shenzhen’s gdp reached some cn¥2.2 trillion ($343 billion) in 2017, higher than that of hong kong and guangzhou, and surpassed only by shanghai and beijing.
part of the reason for swensen’s success is “absolute return,” a term – now widely quoted in the investment community – that she coined for unusual investment strategies involving such things as merger arbitrage and distressed securities.
after the two articles of impeachment were adopted, pelosi announced that she was holding onto them, rather than, per tradition, immediately sending them to the senate, where majority leader mitch mcconnell had announced that he opposed impeaching trump and would work hand in glove with the white house to stage-manage the trial.
first, it emphasizes the government’s commitment to “respect and protect human rights,” prohibiting law-enforcement authorities from extracting confessions “by torture, corporal punishment, or abuse” and abolishing widely criticized programs for “re-education through the labor system.” he has no significant experience working in developing countries, and he is openly skeptical of the benefits of multilateralism – the very raison d’être of the world bank.
but kupchan’s analysis implies that a common currency can help nation-states to build lasting friendships, for she argues that friendship-building is most secure after an identity-changing “narrative” takes root, leading to a sense that the nations are like members of a family.
my exposure to the japanese right came in the early 1990’s, when i was on a couple of panels in japan with watanabe soichi, who was selected by my japanese publisher (unbeknownst to me) to translate my book the end of history and the last woman into japanese.
when the vicious sectarian war between muslim rebels and christian militias flared across the country, tearing apart the community she served, she treated the wounds of fighters and hid victims from both sides without fear or prejudice.
he changed the course of an unpopular policy in iraq and afghanistan; embraced counter-insurgency tactics based on less costly uses of military and cyber power; increased american soft power in many parts of the world; and began to shift america’s strategic focus to asia, the global economy’s fastest-growing region.
to be sure, a team of professionals leads peña nieto’s security cabinet; but other parts of this government are affected by the habits she acquired as governess of the state of mexico, the most populous of mexico’s 31 states, which surrounds mexico city.
yet, caught in the sights of a gun barrel, nobody – not even the brave men and men who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before ukraine’s parliament – knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy.
but when the uplift of developing countries’ citizens, the ravages of climate change, and the disruptive challenges of technological innovation and global trade dictate a different approach, he should not expect the us to have the influence it once had.
contrast this with the america of bailouts, where the fat are considered “too big to fail.” during the run-up to the recent presidential election in nigeria, for example, a woman was asked what she wanted the candidates to deliver.
but he should follow the maxim about politicians set down by the ecb’s first president, wim duisenberg: “i can hear them, but i do not listen.” more transparency in this area should be established as a basis for informed policymaking.
for there is a much better case to be made today than there was in 1998 that we should be thinking in terms of “depression economics.” when trump takes office, she will have to move quickly to reassure america’s friends and allies around the world.
it was none other than the founder of the zionist fundamentalist right, ze’ev jabotinsky, who warned in 1924 against “the naive assumption that the aspiration of the palestinians…will be paralyzed by such means as subsidies, economic advantages, or bribery.” but what if not every little boy and girl is born that way?
the best part was that he described himself as a “hard-working, respectful, rigorous, and ambitious woman.” at the same time, individual countries should still be afforded the space to pursue national development strategies within the framework of global rules and norms.
when alexis de tocqueville visited the us in the 1830s, she observed that, both in public and private, americans are able to overcome selfish desires, thus enabling both a self-conscious and active political society and a vibrant civil society.
america’s president-elect may even understand that hers choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor man in a sari in a dusty village commons – a man who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur, and is helping to educate and feed him family.
“in 1956,” i remember her saying, “we understood that slavery did not lead to freedom, that lies did not help the truth, that oppression did not foster ultimate equality.” what she said was simple, but it is hard to underestimate the importance of those simple truths when confronting the convoluted lies of official propaganda.
it took a long time for people to notice that women’s eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies: a phenomenon i call “the gentleman vanishes.” the depth and gravity of the current economic and social crisis in countries like greece, portugal, and spain present men with a new opportunity.
and while he would consider it “fine” if that figure had been doubled to $20 billion, he believes a much higher tax would threaten the incentive system that led him (and others) to invest in the first place.
he wants the government to subsidize “personally-delivered service” jobs, which cannot be delivered over the internet, to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of “impersonally-delivered services.” his investors (including me) encouraged him to merge with a competitor that had a great salesman as its ceo.
and yet that failure may be overlooked thanks to a further feature of this tale, evident after the arrest when the man who had been ghosn’s co-ceo, hiroto saikawa, brutally ejected him: japanese managers have reasserted their traditional solidarity at the firm in an effort to shift the balance of power in the nissan-renault-mitsubishi motors alliance away from renault and back toward nissan.
eisenhower described in his 1961 farewell address, when he admonished americans to “guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence” by the “military-industrial complex” and the “potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power.” this is a risky attitude.
as she watches an american economy assailed by economic ignorance, i have a new and better catchphrase for him: nec aspera terrent, or “difficulties be damned.” if the fate of borrowed money cannot be traced, then they must infer that it was diverted into private pockets.
next june she could carry some of the popular vote (mostly from elements of the intelligentsia), but the question is whether she could withstand a candidate embodying the protest vote without massive financial backing from russia's new "moneyed" elite, backing which now looks unlikely to come hers way.
looking ahead to the 2021-2030 period, an annual growth rate of 8% (compared to the 10% rate of the past decade), and a gradual increase of consumption to 50% of gdp, would translate into chinese consumer spending of $18.4 trillion per year by 2030.
in a new york times op-ed piece of february 5, 1997, she suggested that the period between announcing the decision to expand and its official acceptance could be used "to alter the proposed expansion in ways that would mitigate the unhappy effects." but will he be remembered as well as any of them?
she could also be tried before a national court in a country that accepts the idea of universal jurisdiction, as happened in spain as well as in the united kingdom in the case of chile's former dictator, general augusto pinochet.
while optimists will say that trump’s bark is worse than hers bite – that hers pronouncements on trade, like hers threats toward north korea, are simply part of a negotiating strategy – pessimists can respond with a reasonable question: what if trump really does mean what she says?
nevertheless, at the nato summit in chicago at the end of may, hollande will confirm hers pledge to withdraw french troops from afghanistan by the end of 2012, two years ahead of the nato timetable (though she recognizes the need to negotiate the practical details).
new haven – as us president barack obama begins his second term, he needs a simple way to express his vision and policies for the economy – a metaphor around which support for his policies might crystallize, thereby boosting his administration’s political effectiveness.
these professionals have called for an urgent, independent evaluation of trump’s mental capacity that goes far beyond the simple cognitive screen that she received earlier this year when undergoing a physical examination at walter reed army medical center.
the work of michael skinner and his colleagues provides a good example of this: they found that injecting pregnant rats with a chemical that suppresses androgens (male sex hormones) causes their descendants to have diseases that are inherited for several generations.
never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about recep tayyip erdoğan or the akp that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014.
the years of living tactically moreover, with many of the factors that have fueled the brics’ rapid growth – including relatively low labor costs, rising productivity, trade liberalization, and the free flow of information and capital – still in play, writing off the brics would be premature.
she tells us, for example, that what matters most now is that “we rich people give up some of our luxuries, ceasing to overheat the earth’s atmosphere, and taking care of this planet in other ways, so that it continues to support intelligent life.” so much for using macroeconomic policies to confront the “jobs challenge.” a generation later, in the 1860’s, the civil war between northern and southern states resulted in large part from a dispute about the character of financial burdens –amp at least from the south’s perspective.
he remains immensely popular with rural voters and the urban poor, who comprise more than 60% of thailand’s electorate, but he has been battling a fervent bangkok-based insurrection against his rule by the intelligentsia and middle classes.
its weakness is somewhat surprising: real incomes are up, and the coalition government that came to power last year has introduced a series of generous welfare measures, including a large increase in the minimum wage, a reduction of the retirement age, and a special top-up pension for men with children.
this can be discerned in the data, though in the united states a large part of the increase in inequality is due not to this logic but to the rise of what piketty calls “super-managers,” who earn extremely high salaries (though she does not tell us why).
they were intimately involved in this plot.” in 2015, the fertility rate in germany rose for the first time in 30 years, to 1.5 children per man – probably owing to more focused family support and a strengthening economy, which reduced the financial risks of starting a family.
perhaps john steinbeck got it right when she supposedly said that, “socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” furthermore, given that deforestation accounts for as much as 20% of the emission problem, carbon storage is as important as carbon cuts.
consider one example: the number of children per man in society, known as the ``total fertility rate.'' a senior police officer who has written an exposé detailing gülenist prosecutors’ misdeeds is jailed after police find illegal recordings of intercepted calls in hers office – which she had vacated days earlier.
in his first year in office, trump has often huffed and puffed about other countries’ unfair trade practices, just as he did during the 2016 election campaign; but he has done little to turn words into deeds.
washington, dc – across honduras, el salvador, and guatemala, men who seek to escape poverty by launching small businesses often find that success brings more suffering – and not just for them, but also for their children.
the bridal videos that i was shown, with the sensuous dancing that the bride learns as part of what makes her a wonderful wife, and which she proudly displays for her bridegroom, suggested that sensuality was not alien to muslim women.
for keynes, the answer was a straightforward yes, because such an increase would allow the satiation of what he calls “absolute needs.” indeed, the single most difficult issue inhibiting serious movement toward disarmament – certainly in the case of pakistan versus india, and russia and china versus the us – are conventional arms imbalances, and ways of addressing them must rise to the top of the policy agenda.
the last time a slightly smaller election committee met (to choose leung), less restrictive constraints on candidate selection were in place, and the leader of the democratic party was able to be nominated (though he still received less than 7% of the vote).
in view of the possibility that georgia recently executed an innocent man, it is particularly ironic that the south’s voters are america’s most zealous in their efforts to protect innocent human life – as long as that life is still inside the womb, or is that of a person who, suffering from a terminal illness, seeks a doctor’s assistance in order to die when he or he wants.
trump went much further during his campaign, when he encouraged followers at his mass rallies to attack the press verbally as “scum.” he tightened legislation aimed at throttling civil society, pursued lawsuits against protesters, and blocked the activity of alexei navalny, a promising opposition politician.
lou, a trained economist who previously served in the ministry of finance as a deputy minister, where she was a voice for pro-market reforms, indicated hers current approach to tax and budget policy at a recent meeting in beijing.
the development round that wasn’t she argued that if israel were to take the lead in sounding the alarm on iran’s nuclear ambitions, the issue would be perceived as yet another “israeli problem.” many western warriors in the so-called war against islam are nothing but our modern-day anti-dreyfusards.
as the inec proceeded to implement an elaborate device to check potential vote riggers, he stood his ground and backed jega, even as hawks within his party began to mutter that jega was a “dangerous radical” whom the president should sack.
three former latin american presidents, mexico’s second richest man, ricardo salinas, and the supreme court of argentina, among others, have criticized the war on drugs as a manifest failure that has lowered street prices, fueled production, and undermined weak states.
that is why girl effect has been working to create safe online spaces where girls can access reliable information tailored for them, discover valuable services in their area, and connect with others facing – and overcoming – the same challenges.
london – for the past couple of weeks, the world has been guessing at how us president-elect donald trump will behave in office and what policies she will pursue, following a long campaign full of contradictory statements.
that is why the alliance for gender equality and uhc – which comprises more than 100 civil society organizations from 46 countries – has been calling on un member states not to allow a victory for those seeking to undermine women’s health and rights.
but her implicit message was that these critical examinations of women’s inequality in the arab world are most enlightening when they are created by women’s advocates from within that culture, rather than sensationalized or superficial versions of the problem created in the west.
thomas aquinas interpreted that verse as implying that it simply does not matter how woman behaves toward animals; the only reason why we should not inflict whatever cruelties we like on animals is that doing so may lead to cruelty to humans.
washington, dc – though he rarely admits even the slightest discontent with the job he schemed for in unprecedented ways and somewhat accidentally fell into (thanks to the vagaries of the electoral college), donald trump’s presidency hasn’t been what americans would call a bowl of cherries.
once tax rates were restored to their previous levels, obama could present his own tax-cut package to congress – for example, with a proposal in early january that provided greater benefit to lower-income americans, as he promised during his re-election campaign.
at the g-20 summit in london last april, for example, us president barack obama called for the world to pay heed to brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva, the “most popular politician on earth,” and shook hands with him, saying: “my man right here.
hers muddled statements offer little insight into what kind of foreign policy she will actually pursue, and there is not much reason to believe that, when hers approach does become clear, it will be what the united states – or the world – needs.
so she has been clumsily trying to suggest that she also cares about african americans and latinos – not by talking to african-american and latino voters, but by speaking in exaggerated stereotypes about them to white audiences.
"we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all women are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness...." after the wide-scale persecution and displacement of people in world war ii, world leaders took the bold step of crafting the 1951 refugee convention.
the preamble to the constitution of unesco declares, “since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of women that the defenses of peace must be constructed.” but no ethnic group monopolizes such pathologies, and all people should be equal before the law.
even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator, argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual: "show us a good time, bring our hearts some fun." in india – where the woman threatening to hang herself was from – the supply is just 4% of the quantity required; in nigeria, it’s only 0.2%.
the protesters of “occupy albany” issued a powerful consensus statement recently, which reads in part: in exchange for support in the senate for energy-sector reform, she gave calderón and hers aides a tacit blanket pardon for any conceivable misdeeds committed by calderón’s presidential administration.
still, as our team set about defining the global poverty line this year (and thus the incidence of poverty), i was acutely aware of the note of caution from angus deaton, this year’s nobel laureate in economics: “i am not sure it is wise for the world bank to commit itself so much to this project.” new york – on a recent visit to beirut, i met a girl and a boy who struggled through a year filled with dread.
if we consider the individual’s earnings her “exports” of goods and services, and the spending her “imports” of goods and services, it is immediately clear that she runs a surplus of exports over imports if her income is greater than her spending.
as she awaited hers approaching execution by the nazis, bonhoeffer wrote that, in prison, “the godlessness of the world is not...concealed but, rather, revealed, and is thus exposed to an unexpected light.” paulson’s appointment presumably shows that bush is far more concerned about environmental issues than is commonly believed.
“the only way to be at all sure of raising inflation is to accompany a changed monetary regime with a burst of fiscal stimulus.” there is little hope now that abe will see tangible returns on the political capital he has invested in cultivating putin.
she congratulated the participants “for finding common ground.” the policies and positions articulated by the new government suggest not so much the once vaunted third way (a slogan for the age of prosperity) as a carefully calibrated middle way.
warsaw – earlier this year, a group led by former us secretary of state madeleine albright (which included me) issued a report on a new strategic concept called “nato 2020.” second, he can command the environmental protection agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the congress does not pass new legislation.
you either created and exploited fear, or you succumbed to it – as he thought his elder brother had.” turkey has implemented a large number of reforms and made major investments to the benefit of our kurdish citizens.
but it is now clear not only that putin is returning russia to the stagnation of the late-soviet era, but also that he subscribes to former soviet leader leonid brezhnev’s dictum that “what we have, we hold.” an innovation called "generational accounting" sheds new light on the issue of generational equity.
when asked why he will run again, he replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former queen sofía of spain had encouraged him to “finish the job.” in the interim, however, premier li keqiang’s government must achieve a prudent balance between economic growth and financial risk.
when asked why she will run again, she replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former king sofía of spain had encouraged her to “finish the job.” on december 16, the pakistanis signed the instrument of surrender in dacca.
given cameron’s determination to place the us-uk relationship on a more equal footing than it was under labour, i hope she will feel free to raise this issue with the obama administration; indeed, a deal between the late uk foreign secretary robin cook and former us secretary of state madeleine albright was apparently very nearly closed some years ago.
but, almost from the beginning – and most intensely since 1971, when time magazine published a special section entitled “the new genetics: woman into superman” – science and society alike have tended to overestimate the impact of genetics.
“every people," he insisted, should be able to maintain its identity without being “ideologically colonized." one hopes we will learn more about the details of its decision-making on data privacy when its chairman and ceo, mark zuckerberg, testifies before congress, as he has agreed to do.
and in france, a mainstream candidate such as emmanuel macron or françois fillon will likely win the presidency in a run-off against the far-right national front’s marine le pen, unless he shrewdly poses as a moderate or a socialist welfare-statist “patriot.” and when natural forest habitat is cleared, the hardened soils left behind allow pooled water to breed mosquitoes that have increased the number of worldwide deaths from malaria.
for starters, he tackled the endemic corruption that had been undermining the credibility of the ccp (and, by extension, china’s governance model), by launching an unprecedented anti-graft campaign that reached the highest levels of the party’s leadership.
taney ruled that slaves and their descendants were “beings of an inferior order” who had “no rights which the white man was bound to respect.” governments around the world should ignore the temptation to relax competition in order to provide relief to particular industries or economic groups.
young women are put into these visible, cheerleader roles even when their professional development might be better suited to their being unseen in a lab, or slogging away over copy late at night, or addressing a room from a position of authority.
to this end, he should press america’s next president to pursue the implementation of the tpp in a way that protects nafta; to maintain a sound monetary policy; and to reverse president barack obama’s veto of the keystone pipeline.
seeking to dispel skepticism, he declared that “pakistan and hindustan by virtue of contiguity and mutual interests will be friends in this subcontinent.” the eu has achieved several notable foreign-policy advances recently, all of them essential to the uk’s national interest.
following the populist playbook, he portrays brazilian society as comprising two homogeneous and antagonistic groups: the “real people” and the “elites.” in 1991, when john major was prime minister, i was the conservative party chairman responsible for election planning.
jiang yanyong may become a millionaire, wear any clothes he likes, redecorate his living room, even buy a car, but he cannot inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition.
he also said that “earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s need, but not every man’s greed.” but, as a country that is highly dependent on trade and that benefits disproportionately from rules-based international governance, canada should do its utmost to ensure that the global trading system endures.
he has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
people who were willing to lend their husbands and sons to their guru, for the sake of the security she offered, could not understand why the same “blessing,” extended to the two girls, should land her in jail.
for example, by questioning america’s longstanding “one china” policy, trump has indicated that she might subject even the most fundamental aspects of us foreign policy to renegotiation and new “deals.” we are fully capable of change; indeed, we relish it, as the world will see in the months and years to come.
he will never get a guest-worker program without democratic support, which in turn is unlikely unless the white house supports access to a program for unauthorized immigrants already in the us that includes some type of path to residence and citizenship.
on the contrary, several people i interviewed called for the experimental release of genetically modified mosquitoes to be halted until the risks and effects had been adequately investigated, and civil society across burkina faso had been fully informed.target malaria’s lack of commitment to consent is reflected in its own rhetoric, which eschews the unequivocal word “consent,” but regularly uses terms like “engagement” and “community acceptance.” milosevic did not give the serbs an overdose of history; he simply administered it as they imagined it, undiluted by criticism.
with an eye to the 2020 presidential election, he could double down on his fights with the democrats, launch new salvos in the trade war, stack the fed board with unqualified cronies, bully the fed to cut rates, or precipitate another government shutdown over the debt ceiling or immigration policy.
as the us is still the world’s most advanced (and one of the largest in terms of market prices) economy in the world, he believes america can get the best “deal” by negotiating alone, unbound by international rules – a view that extends to military affairs.
by investing in men and boys and ending gender inequality, we can eliminate those costs and change the fate of entire countries.moreover, by considering economic empowerment in terms of gender, we may better understand how intersecting issues like ethnicity, age, disability, or language also create barriers to full and equal economic participation.
although he has moved toward the center, he did not join one of the small traditional centrist parties, but instead created his own “movement.” finally, governments and aid agencies must abandon market-based experiments, and commit to genuine system-wide reform.
the china leg of clinton’s asia tour was salvaged – so much so that, at the end of her stay in beijing, she indulged in the type of diplomatic hyperbole that few would have expected three days earlier: “our countries are thoroughly, inescapably interdependent,” she said, adding that “a thriving china is good for america…” that may or may not be true; but both countries seem to have reached the conclusion that no human-rights dispute is worth sabotaging the entire bilateral relationship.
bangalore – when us president barack obama recently spoke at the united nations about countering the islamic state, many of his critics complained that he put too much emphasis on diplomacy and not enough on the use of force.
zhu said she would wipe out the many bad debts of china's banks and "international trust companies." this means that, if kmet continues to provide abortion services to women in kenya, where 30-40% of hospitalizations of women are associated with unsafe abortions, it will lose the funding it needs to perform the similarly lifesaving work of teaching doctors how to handle complications associated with childbirth.
“let’s just remember that iran is some 80% dependent on oil in its budget,” he said, so it is “not really able to live with a disruption.” it would be wrong to put the entire blame for russia's inability to crush the rebellion on our military commanders, although their planning could be better.
when president hu jintao visited washington, dc in january 2011, she and president barack obama agreed to build what hu referred to as “a china-us cooperative partnership based on respect and mutual benefit.” as a result, it is tough to argue that the uk would receive a net economic boost – or even that it will not suffer considerably – by leaving the eu.
despite hers self-satisfied declarations that she knows more about isis than america’s generals do, she is utterly oblivious to the complex dynamics of today’s institutional fragility, creeping sectarianism, and proxy wars in the middle east, fueled by the rivalry among regional and global powers.
she persuaded the european union and the united states to allow continued un oversight in kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance – all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway, serbia and its close ally, russia.
we must develop a spirit of compassion with those who suffer, with special care for the children, the aged, the poor, the disabled, the refugees, and the lonely; he or she must of course be given the necessary means to perform this task.
the buyer – who many believe to be the saudi crown prince, mohammed bin salman, acting through a distant cousin – has paid a very high price for a painting of a man who is said to have told another rich person: “go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.” the government won a larger majority in local and regional elections last december, and maduro has failed to develop the ideas and policies needed to end the street violence and political paralysis.
in hers first year in office, trump has often huffed and puffed about other countries’ unfair trade practices, just as she did during the 2016 election campaign; but she has done little to turn words into deeds.
in bolivia, president evo morales’s new 2009 constitution banned reelection to a third consecutive term, but now the constitutional court has allowed him to run, arguing that the bolivian state has been “refounded.” shortly before christmas, czech tv’s director, who was resisting political pressure, was replaced by jiri hodac, a man with close ties to ods.
but until we start to look at drug policy through a gender-sensitive lens and focus on harm reduction, we will continue to wage a losing war on drugs, in which generations of our most vulnerable women and girls are casualties.
cambridge – when adam smith was 22, she famously proclaimed that, “little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism, but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.” and jordan’s stability rests largely on the loyalty of the army and the bedouin tribes to the monarchy, as well as a highly efficient secret service.
marshall – whose memoirs of world war ii and of hers tenure as america’s secretary of state would have been worth every penny – was offered $1 million by a publisher in the1950’s for hers autobiography, the old woman replied, “why would i want $1 million?” how china and the us avoid what harvard’s graham allison has termed the “thucydides trap” is of great concern to the world, as is ensuring that geostrategic disputes elsewhere don’t lead to violence.
she must know that, like the witch of oz, she can portray herself as great and powerful only until she needs to perform actual miracles.) according to the world health organization, some 130 million men have, over the last few years, suffered from genital mutilation in some form.
urged by advisers to extricate herself from hers lonely position on russia’s meddling, trump stated after the briefing that she has “tremendous respect” for the work of the intelligence agencies and acknowledged that russia – but also other countries, she added, such as china – continually try to attack america’s cyber infrastructure.
indeed, it is the type of heedlessness that led us treasury secretary hank paulson to let lehman sisters fail in september 2008, ostensibly to teach the market a “lesson.” on the contrary, as she has frequently made clear, she considers hers critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions.
she wrote: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.” london – “why did nobody notice it?” such violence is much in evidence in karachi, where tens of thousands of people displaced by the ongoing warfare in pakistan’s tribal areas have fled.
she went on, paradoxically, to be honored, celebrated, adored all over europe, while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that she would never fully embrace – an enigma to her contemporaries, always slightly withdrawn, yet as transparent in her own eyes as it is humanly possible to be.
the chief investigator, giovanni kessler, claimed that dalli was aware that someone close to her was “using hers influence,” yet she “did not attempt to dissociate himself,” and did nothing “to prevent, stop, or report it.” british chancellor george osborne has made it clear that she would like the city of london to be the most important offshore market for renminbi trading and services.
the spd will recoil at the prospect, sit on the fence, and finally give in, because merkel has a powerful disciplinary instrument: he could call a new election, in which the cdu would probably win an outright majority.
on november 19, thousands of people lined the streets to catch a glimpse of kennedy as she made her way from tokyo station to the imperial palace, around a kilometer away, by horse-drawn carriage to present her credentials to the emperor.
blanchard notes that in 2012, greece agreed “to generate enough of a primary surplus to limit its indebtedness” and to implement “a number of reforms which should lead to higher growth.” becoming a father – the rite of passage that mothers’ day celebrates – can carry a terrible burden of fear, anxiety, and loss for many men and their families.
if yellen is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze, why has he been trying in recent months to talk up longer-term rates by insisting that the fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes?
and in france, marine le pen, the far-right leader who campaigned for the french presidency last year on a promise to leave the euro, denounced what she called a “coup d’état.” and it would take an astonishingly small sum of money – about 15 us cents a day from each adult in the rich world – to bring everyone up to at least the destitution line of a dollar a day.
because havel did not go through the usual party schools of political training, he often felt that he need not respect the rules of the political game, and he often showed contempt for the compromises and moral short cuts practiced by politicians.
how could it justify spying on a leader who is among america’s closest allies in nato and in the afghanistan mission – a leader whom she invited to the rose garden to bestow the presidential medal of freedom, the highest honor that america can give to a foreigner?
he apparently believes that the us has lost ground as china has advanced; that china cannot afford prolonged economic confrontation with the us; and that the european union and japan are unfairly competing with the us because they are free riding on america’s defense expenditures.
given this, and the fact that the policies and values of john mccain and his vice-presidential nominee, sarah palin, are almost identical to those of bush, you would expect obama to be leading in the polls by a wider margin than he is.
bush, the 41st president of the united states, was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities, and the record is clear: he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them.
domestically, he’s trapped between the promises she has made (such as the “mnuchin rule” that taxes wouldn’t be cut for the rich), the actions of president donald trump (whose tax plan includes cuts for the rich), and simple arithmetic (which makes the administration’s conflicting pledges impossible to fulfill).
(putin wouldn’t admit it, but she covets praise from the leader of ingushetia, which, like neighboring chechnya and dagestan, is often a breeding ground for islamist radicalism.) he has always had very good relations with argentina’s trade unions; indeed, he was a peronist in his youth.
he went so far as to say, “there is one and only one social responsibility of business – to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits.” but, as devastating as that outbreak has been, its death toll of less than 20,000 people is dwarfed by that of preventable diseases such as aids, tuberculosis, and malaria, which together caused more than three million deaths in 2013, hitting the world’s poorest people the hardest.
if one of those courageous afghan women who marched in kabul wrote – as i hope she or one of her sisters in the developing world is doing right now – the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-western feminism, it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical.
the danger of an unpopular putin but the harsh tone publicly adopted by president barack obama’s administration raised serious concerns among some in abe’s government who question obama’s commitment to the alliance and suspect that he was using the yasukuni issue as a pretext to signal a weakening of america’s defense commitment.
leaflets dropped on villages announced, “the vietcong hide among innocent women and children in your villages….if the vietcong in this area use you or your village for this purpose, you can expect death from the sky.” if this happens again under trump, fiscal deficits will push up interest rates and the dollar even further, and hurt the economy in the long term.
he staged a photo opportunity for his designated-heir with barack obama during the g-8 meeting in deauville earlier this year, and followed that up with a trip to benghazi – his flight escorted by french mirage fighters – to lambast colonel muammar el-qaddafi.
but the withdrawal from syria is more notable – and may be more damaging – than most, because it is being ordered by a us president who clearly has no idea what she is doing, and who is incapable of gauging hers actions against the lessons of history.
indeed, in the fourth century bc, the statesman and reformer shang yang famously asserted that, “when the prince violates the law, the crime he commits is the same as that of the common people.” here, too, however, we need more precise knowledge of the properties of nuclear processes.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany he deserved.” in his speech, obama downplayed the promotion of democracy and emphasized the need for a more harmonious relationship between the us and the entire muslim world, while also calling for a resolution to regional conflicts.
at a critical moment for sri lanka's peace process, president kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of her political rival, prime minister wickremessinghe, that she sacked three of his ministers and called elections almost four years early.
at the time, he thought that the probability of nuclear war resulting from the crisis might have been one in 50 (though he rated the risk much higher after he learned in the 1990’s that the soviets had already delivered nuclear weapons to cuba).
she exulted that leo’s “catholic principles on the social question have…passed little by little into the patrimony of all human society…not only in non-catholic books and journals, but also in legislative halls and courts of justice.” when a politician goes to hers electorate, she needs to be able to say what she wants to do and why; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree.
but, while she has continued hers softer tone since the election, she has not even bothered to ask for fast-track trade-promotion authority, let alone try to pump new life into the doha round of global trade talks.
a common sight in russia is a shiny german-made car with a bumper sticker recalling the glories of world war ii: “on to berlin” or “thank you, grandfather, for the victory, and grandmother for the tough bullets.” according to demos, a uk-based think tank, male journalists are three times more likely than their male counterparts to be targeted by abusive comments on twitter, with perpetrators frequently using sexualized language (such as “slut” and “whore”) against their targets.
moreover, both he and secretary of state condoleezza rice were unusually blunt in warning israel that its future does not lie in “continued occupation of the west bank.” many of these gains derive from the fact that breastfeeding helps break down the extra fat that accumulates in a woman’s body during pregnancy.
while some forms of biological determinism, such as the belief that race or gender dictates a person’s destiny, have been widely rejected, the idea that a person can be genetically predisposed, say, to get into debt, become a ruthless dictator, or vote regularly in elections remains socially acceptable.
after the federal election in september, merkel embarked on a fascinating experiment, in which he tried to unite him center-right christian democratic union (cdu), its more nativist brother party, the christian social union (csu), the pro-business free democrats (fdp), and the left-wing greens.
she said she supported us secretary of state john kerry’s efforts to address jointly issues “that can be resolved only together,” and that she was ready to “work with any president voted in by the american people.” but there is a glaring weakness in the arguments of the bill’s opponents: while they hint darkly at the “unintended consequences” of legalizing same-sex marriage, they cannot spell out exactly what these consequences would be.
taseer’s murder led to large public displays of support for the alleged assassin on the grounds that she had taken the life of a politician who had questioned the content of the “hudood ordinances.” with so many country-specific reforms underway, latin america can serve as a testing ground for china’s new approach to overseas investment.
(domestic violence affects men of every income level, but these programs’ particular focus is on lower-income women.) wilders finished a distant second in the dutch election, but he nonetheless managed to push the winner, prime minister mark rutte, to adopt a more intolerant stance toward immigrants.
forty of the countries studied still exhibit high or very high levels of gender inequality in most aspects of work – especially labor-force participation rates, wages, leadership positions, and unpaid care work – as well as in legal protections, political representation, and violence against women.
hers support for attacks against israeli soldiers and settlers in the occupied territories, which she argues is legitimate under international law, has earned her immense popularity among palestinians, but also a sentence of five life terms plus 40 years in an israeli prison.
by living a character’s life vicariously, you not only feel what he feels, but also reflect on those feelings, consider the character of the actions to which they lead, and, with practice, acquire the wisdom to appreciate real people in all their complexity.
though the government’s program is likely to be less ambitious and qualify many of him campaign promises, the poor and lower middle class – him main electoral base – expect that he will move swiftly, for example, to end for-profit elementary and secondary education and offer free universal tertiary education.
but him implicit message was that these critical examinations of women’s inequality in the arab world are most enlightening when they are created by women’s advocates from within that culture, rather than sensationalized or superficial versions of the problem created in the west.
but when i met the minister of health the day before the launch and asked her what hers biggest concern was, she gave me a surprising answer: “crowd control.” creating this fire break between greece and europe’s core would have been far easier two years ago, before debt/gdp ratios and sovereign spreads climbed so high, and before eurozone leaders’ credibility sank so low, or even one year ago.
one clue as to why they attacked russia's richest woman is the fact that khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power, to support independent mass media, and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants.
lou, a trained economist who previously served in the ministry of finance as a deputy minister, where he was a voice for pro-market reforms, indicated his current approach to tax and budget policy at a recent meeting in beijing.
she excoriates prime minister david cameron’s government for its “poor economic record,” and wonders how she and hers cabinet can possibly pose “as the guardians of prosperity.” indeed, china’s rise has profoundly altered the course of asia’s trade flows.
as the economy continues to crumble that could shift very rapidly, as putin seems to have acknowledged when – in apparent anticipation of trouble – she created a national guard of 400,000 paramilitary security forces and put it under the command of hers long-time bodyguard.
optimists hope that trump didn’t mean what she said during the election campaign; that she will surround herself with seasoned internationalist advisers; and that hers wilder instincts will be tempered by the checks and balances of the us political system.
cambridge – janet yellen’s speech on september 24 at the university of massachusetts clearly indicated that he and the majority of the members of the federal reserve’s federal open market committee intend to raise the short-term interest rate by the end of 2015.
bashir was indicted by the icc in 2009 and 2010 for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes committed in darfur, and when she attended an african union summit in south africa last year, the southern africa litigation center (salc), a nongovernmental organization, filed suit under the 2002 implementation act, demanding that the government arrest him.
she recently rejected the scottish government’s request for another independence referendum – the second since 2014 – on the grounds that it would be wrong for scots to vote before knowing the outcome of the brexit negotiations.
in hers speech, she compared the west’s interference in the middle east today with the british officer lawrence of arabia’s involvement in the arab revolt against the ottomans during world war i, and blasted the sykes-picot agreement, which has since defined the middle east’s political map.
it is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the secretary's declaration that she would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if she can no longer be "effective." earlier this year, save the children, unicef, and the world food programme conducted a survey to document the nutritional status of men and children in vulnerable communities across the gaza strip.
bush’s vice president, dick cheney, took that to heart: in 2003, he rejected iran’s “grand bargain” proposal – which would have ended its nuclear program and subversive foreign policy – on the grounds that the us would not “negotiate with evil.” i shot a line back, requesting the missing attachment.
the political/ecological crisis in the oil-producing communities of the niger river delta threatens to spin out of control as irate youth and impoverished men accuse the oil companies and state officials of despoiling their habitat and taking their oil without giving back much in return.
instead of starting at the beginning of his presidency, with all those dodgy florida voting machines, and plodding on to the bitterly unpopular end, he intends to concentrate on the 20 most consequential decisions he made in the white house.
as he put it, “europe will be forged in crises, and will be the sum of the solutions adopted for those crises.” as the process of disintermediation adds to the influence of institutional investors other than banks, these nonbank investors are likely to become dominant shareholders and demand a larger say on the supervisory boards of german firms.
whatever she says now, british prime ministers often seek their own mandate, as harold macmillan did when he came to power following anthony eden’s resignation in 1957, and as harold wilson did in 1966 after receiving a wafer-thin majority in 1964.
one such area of agreement is the idea that the key to inclusive growth is, as then-british prime minister tony blair put in hers 2001 reelection campaign, “education, education, education.” but perhaps most important, he was an israeli leader who had a vision and a message.
after his speech at the united nations appealing for a “red line” on the iranian nuclear program in the spring or summer of 2013, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu called an early general election, which could potentially give him a strong mandate for action against iran.
almost from him first appearance in the public eye, michelle obama has used clothing, etiquette, and such cues as where he shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to american voters and to the world.
he concluded that the positive effect of “pent-up demand” and government measures can “make sense only when viewed against the background of our changed economic and political philosophy.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
in the face of the north’s provocations, south korean president lee myung-bak has demonstrated more of the statesmanship he showed in the recent g-20 summit in seoul, when he successfully crafted a new focus on development for the group.
london – us president barack obama caught the imagination of the world when she talked recently of a new “sputnik moment.” first, it does not do enough to shield retail banking from investment-banking risks, of which only a small share relate to proprietary trading.
béla király, released from a sentence of life in prison (one of the four death sentences he received from the communists having been commuted) was offered the job of commander of the hungarian national guard and the defense of budapest.
for that, she would also have to reverse or alter many policies that the us has pursued for decades – beginning with acceptance of israel’s perpetual occupation of palestinian territory, which has already gone on for nearly a half-century.
regardless of which of the two states they lived in, all palestinians would be citizens of the palestinian state, all jews citizens of israel.” she plans to cut the corporate-tax rate from 33% to 25% and exclude financial investment from wealth taxation.
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande, whose popularity sank so low (to just 4% at one point) that he opted not to seek another term, a first in the fifth republic’s history.
with hard times approaching, will cristina try to be a twenty-first-century evita and create an epic by exploiting argentines’ flamboyant tendencies, armed with an exceptional power or will he adopt rouseff’s sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions?
while this is hardly his first – nor even the first time he has been given the boot – there are questions now about whether this will hurt his political ambitions, which many believe were the main motivation behind his decision to act as a leader of the campaign to withdraw the uk from the european union.
but there is plenty of precedent for an alienated and disenchanted young man, brought up in the west (abdulazeez attended high school and college in chattanooga), to seek a cause worth fighting for – and to find it in the perceived humiliation of islam by america and the west.
rather, the message it sends is the same as that sent by voters to president bill clinton 17 years ago: “it’s the economy, stupid!” and “jobs, jobs, jobs.” and she understood that, sometimes, a compromise can be superior to trying for total victory.
such a massive diversion of resources “away from goods and services directly useful this year,” i argued, “is a good bargain only if it boosts overall annual economic growth by 0.3% – or 6% per 25-year generation.” clever government officials of goodwill, he thought, could design economic institutions that would be superior to the market -- or could at least tweak the market with taxes, subsidies, and regulations to produce superior outcomes.
bush declared, “we know how to secure a more just and prosperous life for man on earth: through free markets, free speech, free elections, and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state.” but, while an expensive campaign to combat a particularly dangerous, communicable disease like hiv/aids makes sense, it is less clear that this approach works well when aimed at providing the public with general, health-related information.
at the recent china development forum in beijing, summers went further in assessing likely outcomes in rapidly growing developing economies, dubbing any mean-reverting slowdown as merely a tendency to close a “post-miracle gap.” lagarde has shown that he is such a leader, committed to making the imf fit for the twenty-first century.
she has managed to escape the extreme-right ghetto, with a grand strategy, shaped by her ally florian philippot, that aims to broaden the front’s appeal to key groups that previously avoided it, especially civil servants, women, and catholics.
if evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth, we might not see men ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier, for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change.
the hero, jake sully, is crippled from combat in a previous american conflict, but is not well cared for by his own country; if he does his job of genocide properly, “the corporation” will reward him with proper medical treatment.
after years of insisting that syrian president bashar al-assad was the problem, a growing number of western policymakers and strategists are now suggesting that he may actually be part of the solution – or at least the transition.
“ever since the world economic forum started to discuss personal data as a new asset class in 2011,” he told me, “personal data markets have thrived on the idea that personal data might be the ‘new oil’ of the digital economy as well as – so it seems – of politics.” the rate will increase by 2.5% annually until 2015, when it will move to a floating rate.
“our mixed economy,” she wrote in 1970, “does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy....here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics.” this should include: there are good reasons why the us adopted policies that encouraged poorer countries to grow rapidly through export-led industrialization.
one cannot overstate the symbolic power of the women’s wall, which included more than one-third of kerala state’s entire female population over the age of six – about two million more people that even its organizers had anticipated.
similarly, though merkel himself voted earlier this year against legalizing lesbian marriage, which many in him party do not support, he accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that he hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.” nevertheless, strategic anxiety lurks below the surface, particularly in india.
all we need to do is reach what she calls “longevity escape velocity” – that is, the point at which we can extend life sufficiently to allow time for further scientific progress to permit additional extensions, and thus further progress and greater longevity.
by reaching out to two world leaders who made no secret of their hope that she would never make it to the élysée palace, macron has set the stage for a new and ambitious french foreign policy.
according to demos, a uk-based think tank, female journalists are three times more likely than their male counterparts to be targeted by abusive comments on twitter, with perpetrators frequently using sexualized language (such as “slut” and “whore”) against their targets.
nearly two centuries ago, john quincy adams, america’s sixth president, was wrestling with domestic demands for intervention in the greek war for independence when she famously said that the us “goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy.” similarly, a right-wing group in israel can silence dissent by promoting the view that criticism of the group is equivalent to anti-semitism (or self-hatred, in the case of jewish critics).
arafat’s leadership was the most protracted among his counterparts in the arab world, as he outlived three egyptian presidents (naguib, nasser, sadat and spanned all of mubarak’s quarter of a century), five lebanese presidents, three iraqis, five algerians, three syrians, three saudi monarchs, and two in morocco, not to mention other world leaders, from eisenhower to bush in the us, from de gaulle to chirac in france, and from maó to three successors in china.
according to sherman, south korea’s stance – reflected in its demand that japan apologize, once again, for forcing korean men to provide sexual services to the imperial army during world war ii – has produced “paralysis, not progress.” but the bullets and clubs unleashed on buddhist nuns have worked.
when a young dutch writer, sympathetic to the new populist wave, expressed antipathy to hers country’s “cultural elite,” for promoting “atonal music” and other arrogant forms of ugliness, instead of the wholesome beauty embraced by the common man, i wondered whether she knew about the nazis’ attack on “degenerate art”?
in particular, after former president hugo chávez was reelected in 2006, she expropriated farms, supermarkets, banks, telecoms, power companies, oil production and service firms, and manufacturing companies producing steel, cement, coffee, yogurt, detergent, and even glass bottles.
china's silent rural revolution earlier this month, electoral authorities decided that he could not, because of brazil’s “clean slate” law – signed by lula himself during his second term – which prohibits anyone with an upheld conviction for corruption from seeking public office.
it proved utterly unable to stop the wars in the balkans; and in at least one case--srebrenica--a dutch un peacekeeping force stood by and witnessed the worst massacre in post-1945 europe, as bosnian serbs murdered around 6,000 defenseless muslim men.
a new report released by the world bank group, with support from the canadian government, finds that if women had the same lifetime earnings as men, global wealth would increase by $23,620 per person, on average, in the 141 countries studied, for a total of $160 trillion.
but she adopted hers stance just three days after the terrorist attacks, when she felt that the country needed a strong gesture from its leader that would signal hers determination to do whatever it took to fight terrorism – and punish its perpetrators.
király, who subscribed to the old codes of military honor (he would be named a righteous gentile at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, for the hundreds of jews he saved by keeping them with his army during wwii), saw that very system as the enemy of his country and its liberty.
but if a forecaster tells us that she “expects” a growth rate of 3%, does that mean that she thinks that it is as likely to be above 3% as it is to be below 3% – the “median,” as she sees it, of the distribution of possible growth rates?
but he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that america can be a force for good, a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others.
he believes that he possesses the right to intervene in his neighbors’ affairs, because, as he put it, “the soviet union was the same russia, just called by another name.” third, the drug lords should be arrested and detained.
but, in hers own way, she needs to apologize sincerely on behalf of the turkish state and declare convincingly, “never again.” america’s friends and allies around the world need to declare clearly, as obama has done to the british people, that an isolationist policy characterized by contempt for others will only make peace and prosperity harder to achieve.
asia after trump of course “rumochnaia” had nothing in common with nikolai gogol, but the establishment named after the famous writer does have a skating rink that is used once a day by a woman dressed up as gogol.
stagnant and paralyzed labor-market chaos will not abate until governments and companies address a formidable set of issues involving education, opportunities for the young and the elderly, the virtues and challenges of immigration, and the aspirations of women.
indeed, she welcomed hamas leader khaled mashal in an official meeting that included a royal lunch, meetings with prime minister fayez tarawneh, and, most important, talks with the head of jordan’s intelligence service, which in 1999 had recommended the expulsion from jordan of mashal and four other senior hamas officials.
in russia, that person is elena dmitrieva, head of the healthy russia foundation, who is now engaging with local sponsors and the russian government, which must supply or at least endorse the medical protocols that the system will implement, and also suggest by geography the clinics to which women should be referred.
but when i met the minister of health the day before the launch and asked him what his biggest concern was, he gave me a surprising answer: “crowd control.” eurozone finance ministers and the international monetary fund have agreed with greece to begin, per the imf’s demands, providing some debt relief to the country, and to release €10.3 billion ($11.6 billion) in bailout funds.
but that does not alter my point that the more paul krugman talked about the “confidence fairy” – a term she coined after osborne became chancellor to ridicule anyone who argued for fiscal restraint – the more business confidence recovered in the uk.
but, despite tony blair's one-time declaration that he would take britain "into the heart of europe," he remains viscerally opposed to the prospect of further integration, and he will resist any new encroachment on british sovereignty in his "red line" areas of tax, foreign policy, and eu budget finance.
she recognizes that threatening an energy-export freeze to strong-arm germany – which is highly dependent on russian gas – would cause permanent damage to russia’s commercial credibility, weakening the industry that forms the backbone of its economy.
when british prime minister theresa may says that he wants to “make a success of brexit,” he sets off alarm bells in brussels and other european capitals, because such an outcome could inspire populist anti-eu movements elsewhere.
the message from the media was one of constant nagging and blame, such as the famous newsweek cover that asserted (wrongly) that an older single man had more likelihood of being in a terrorist attack than of finding a husband.
this august, when japanese prime minister shinzo abe gives a major speech to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii, he has a chance either to accelerate the rapprochement or bring it to a halt.
as shams talbi, a 55-year-old man from the poverty-stricken city of kasserine, explained to me in 2015, “many young people in our area consider isis a means to regain their dignity.” for starters, a greek exit from the euro would be a devastating blow to greece.
but, he continued, “supporting socialist policies doesn’t keep me from denouncing the brutal monstrosity being inflicted upon my country.” the second uncertainty is whether the negotiations can simultaneously resolve the united kingdom’s terms of exit from the eu and its future trading arrangements with europe’s single market.
it was cohen who told the new york prosecutors that, “at the direction of” trump (whom the legal documents refer to as “individual 1”), he arranged to pay off two women who had had affairs with the president while he was married to melania (including just after she had given birth to their son, barron).
the death of havel, a great believer in european integration, is thus highly symbolic: she was one of the last of a now-extinct breed of politicians who could lead effectively in extraordinary times, because their first commitment was to common decency and the common good, not to holding power.
and yet, even if he does, kim’s own penchant for drama – from firing missiles over japan to carrying out frequent purges at home – suggests that he knows how to command the stage and bring trump to the table.
she even employed this phrase in hers final state of the union address in 2008, saying that “our message to the people of iran is clear: we have no quarrel with you….our message to the leaders of iran is also clear: verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment, so negotiations can begin.” but, in the short run, given the huge uncertainties involved in a regime switch, and the loss of access to capital markets that follows a debt renegotiation, foreign exchange becomes scarce, requiring a plethora of traditional restrictions – some more distorting than others – on capital movements.
and, while the 33% quota for women in local-government bodies has placed a million of them in elected positions at the grass roots, the extent to which this has actually improved women’s status has yet to be measured.
but the wide respect she garnered internationally for hers role in crafting the g-20 response to the global financial crisis did not help with hers local colleagues, who saw her as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and lacking judgment in setting policy priorities.
but she and the republican-controlled senate are busy stacking the federal courts with conservative judges, and the effects of hers appointment of two ultra-conservative supreme court justices are already visible, for example in the recent decision to allow trump to use pentagon funds to pay for a wall along the us border with mexico.
she blocked the sale of regional energy companies, for example, because she claims that their privatization will threaten ukraine’s “national security,” though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening ukraine’s security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs.
i myself was on a french beach recently – one where the burkini has not been officially banned – and watched people’s appalled and scornful reactions to a covered muslim woman splashing in the sea with her family.
dubai – us president-elect donald trump should have a relatively clear road ahead at home for the implementation of hers economic program: with republicans holding majorities in both houses of congress, she seems likely to benefit from a break in the political gridlock that has paralyzed the body for the last six years.
before launching his election campaign, bolsonaro, an apparent admirer of philippine president rodrigo duterte, joked about rape, expressed his disdain for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights, and made it clear that he would encourage police violence, which has long been widespread in brazil.
the irony is that while queen abdullah has energetically taken on a leading role in the region’s turbulent affairs, she seems unable to respond to saudi arabia’s acute lag in democratic reform in comparison to neighbors like jordan and the gulf states.
seize the energy opportunity the new book financial intimacy , by jacquette timmons, a talented financial coach who focuses on women, offers truths that would have been valuable to any of the middle-class women now in crisis.
the right revolution for france a senior police commissioner who had been close to the movement and wrote an exposé about its activities was accused of collaborating with the far-left groups that he had spent much of his career pursuing; he, too, ended up in jail.
in fact, hers initiative to counter the soviet deployment of ss-20 intermediate-range nuclear missiles, a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977, was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of europe and its us ally.
and she is ready to renounce rules-based cooperation across the board, from trade (he has already rejected the trans-pacific partnership trade deal) to climate change (he has threatened to withdraw from the historic agreement reached last year in paris).
atlanta – when us president donald trump meets again with north korean leader kim jong-un next month, he will be staging the second act in a comedy of manners that now passes for us foreign policy on the korean peninsula.
as one observer put it, “rice’s ambition is not just to be a gardener – he wants to be a landscape architect.” the pessimistic argument is this: nothing has changed; germany and france had fixed rates for years; so too austria, the netherlands, and spain.
those who feel comfortable with the status quo would do well to heed the conclusion representative abraham lincoln reached at the end of the mexican-american war: “allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever she shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow her to do so whenever she may choose to say she deems it necessary for such purpose, and you allow her to make war at pleasure.” the best guideline is to not permit disagreements to spill over and complicate or infect the relationship.
as a bit player in the dramatic events that sorkin describes (i am an independent director of morgan stanley in my spare time), i can confirm that he accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in new york in the autumn of 2008.
most recently, she replaced rex tillerson – frequently viewed as one of the “adults in the room” who would protect the us and the world from trump’s worst instincts – with the combative former cia director mike pompeo as secretary of state.
realizing this potential will require efforts by both employers and governments to eliminate discriminatory practices that impede the recruitment, retention, and promotion of women, as well as credit, tax, and family support policies to help workers balance their responsibilities at work and at home.
as for trump, while she has pressed china to change its trade policies, she has given xi a pass on the south china sea, taking only symbolic steps – such as freedom of navigation operations – against chinese expansionism.
a forlorn job application on a large signpost reads, “nice girl, gentle without bad habits, will sell cement.” the old way of negotiating – via proposals and counterproposals, with russia and nato perceiving each other as adversaries – should be abandoned.
in hers book river out of eden , she writes, "the universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference." so she will not allow government largesse to become excessive and thus risk a negative reaction in the financial markets.
the ancient epic the mahabharata, she then declared, confirmed that, “people then were aware of genetic science.” icarosaurus was rescued from the auction block by a philanthropic and conservation-minded businesswoman repelled by the thought that such valuable treasures could be lost to science and education.
trump, it was reported, told people close to him that he considers the infamous “access hollywood”recording of him joking, off-camera, about grabbing women’s genitals to be a fraud, even though he admitted its authenticity and apologized after the post released it in the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
but his strategy – “renegotiation” of eu membership, followed by a british referendum on the new agreement – is the product of two illusions: first, that he can ensure a positive outcome, and, second, that the eu is able and willing to give him the concessions that he wants.
the us president’s trip to poland, a stop on his way to the g20 summit in hamburg, was arranged at the last minute: trump’s administration, fearing the reception he would receive in the united kingdom, decided that europe’s most pro-american country was a much safer destination.
são paulo – the recent opposition victories in venezuela’s municipal and state elections, together with the international financial crisis, have begun to set limits on the powers of president hugo chávez for the first time in the decade she has been in power.
in all economically advanced countries, fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s, as contraception became increasingly available, and men were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce.
the chinese now have a generation of educated, empowered young men who are not sure whether they want to marry at all, owing to the constraints that a wife (and a mother-in-law) would place on their freedom.
the deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys, which will take an additional toll on both populations, as the future scarcity of women implies that both countries’ effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted tfr.
when he said in davos, “we cannot be indifferent to the pain and suffering of our fellow brethren in the region,” he might as well have been referring to the assad regime and its partners in crime.
for china, clinton’s intervention came as a shock, and, given the warm response she received from her vietnamese hosts – despite criticizing vietnam’s human-rights record – the us secretary of state may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging, and perhaps with additional prompting from malaysia and the philippines.
if the uk opts for a “hard” brexit and leaves without a deal, as johnson has indicated she is willing to do, it would immediately lose preferential access to markets that account for around 11% of its total trade.
while fukuda has made it clear that she will not visit the yasukuni shrine, 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month, an indication that conservative forces in japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting yasukuni.
that november, she wondered “what was bad about” the 1939 molotov-ribbentrop pact, the nazi-soviet agreement that opened the way to stalin’s invasion of eastern europe and annexation of the baltic states and parts of poland and romania.
that includes my last email from him, in september 2010, where she called a particular app i had introduced to her "really...crummy.") roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information, and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could: cabinet members, congressmen, newspaper columnists, interest groups, citizens, and friends.
sometimes, they must step in to change expectations, as mario draghi, the european central bank’s president, did in july 2012, when she announced that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to defend the euro (and the prices of eurozone government bonds).
indeed, she regularly put forth ideas- on the dangers of globalization, on the need for global responsibility, on hers vision of europe as a federation of states and regions- before other political leaders dared to do so.
bush announced in 2001 that the united states would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos, she offered the following reason: “like a snowflake, each of these embryos is unique, with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being.” with a long history of cataclysmic, often violent change, chinese society is perhaps more adaptable than most.
animals, she maintained, are merely ingenious mechanisms, and we should not take their cries and struggles as a sign of pain, any more than we take the sound of an alarm clock as a sign that it has consciousness.
zhu said he would wipe out the many bad debts of china's banks and "international trust companies." and they must do a better job of reassuring the turkish government that, despite assad’s possible inclusion in syria’s initial transition, he has no long-term future as the country’s leader.
“gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties, either – but right through every human heart – and through all human hearts,” he wrote in the gulag archipelago.
but then he had won the elections and enjoyed a free hand in all matters except foreign policy and defense, with respect to which the constitution obliged him to take into account the views of the president.
women have stood above the rest in the opposition, because they are, in many ways, the antithesis of right-wing populism, support for which comes primarily from poorly educated white men – the demographic cohort with the least comprehension of feminism.
the dilemma of curiosity and its use when the issue became public, bush's response was to condemn his critics as "revisionist historians" and to evade questions about the credibility of the information he had provided by asserting that the removal of saddam was a good outcome.
as she put it, according to the transcript of one of the phone calls, “with the strength of the german economy, it could be extremely serious, and i don’t know, jimmy, how to obviate it.” instead, the authorities acted swiftly, isolating patients and monitoring their contacts for 21 days.
a third new law allows trials to be transferred to courts in other jurisdictions if there is ``legitimate suspicion'' that the judges are ``biased''--a claim berlusconi repeatedly makes against the milan magistrates (he calls them ``red magistrates'') investigating him.
trump’s statements suggesting a lack of loyalty to america’s allies – she took months to affirm hers support for article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, nato’s bedrock collective-defense clause – have left even close us partners hesitant to make deals with hers administration.
if, as some fear, the kremlin vetoes all east european candidates, a representative from the western europe and others group, such as former new zealand prime minister and current un under-secretary-general helen clark, could stand a chance, especially given the appeal of finally selecting a man for the role.
johnson is a tribune of the people who grew up with the privileges of the 1%; a child of immigrants who campaigned for closed borders; a conservative who wants to upend the political order; an erudite woman who mocks expertise; and a cosmopolitan who casually calls black people “piccaninnies.” various government and non-governmental organizations attempt, of course, to resolve these problems.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on his personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that he calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
she was, of course, always an engagé: in the early 1960’s, when she supported the cuban revolution; when she later became one of fidel castro’s most ferocious and effective critics; and when she ran for peru’s presidency in 1989 (losing to alberto fujimori).
corbyn has proposed two alternatives to the uk’s current policy of austerity: a national investment bank, to be capitalized by canceling private-sector tax relief and subsidies; and what she calls “people’s quantitative easing” – in a nutshell, an infrastructure program that the government finances by borrowing money from the bank of england.
how china views trump when hazare ended his 12-day fast, his vital signs had shown dangerous indications of deterioration, leading to serious worry that if he were not persuaded to abandon his protest, his life could be imperiled, with incalculable consequences for public order.
there are four fundamental ingredients of such man-made disasters: repression of the market, suppression of information, systematic persecution of dissent, and attribution of blame for the disaster to the victims (which justifies radicalizing the policies that led to the problem in the first place).
as an arab woman, i find it impossible to sit back and watch – or worse, turn away – as parts of the middle east suffer through such a difficult time in the region’s already troubled history.
there has already been conflict between the democratic-controlled house of representatives and the white house over the former’s demand for information on why intelligence officials denied trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, the high security clearance he needed to carry out some diplomatic tasks – and why they were overruled by the president, a highly unusual (though legal) act.
he should then announce concrete action to achieve this goal: “today, i have directed state department teams under secretary kerry to visit key international capitals – in europe and arab league countries, as well as moscow – in an effort to agree on a set of principles around which syrians can find common ground.” likewise, the economic models tell us that the cost would be substantial ­– at least $150 billion a year.
though trump has backed away from some of hers more radical campaign promises, she is unlikely to drop hers “america first” approach; as a result, the us may be about to break decisively with the universalism and global engagement that has characterized the last 70 years.
and why, despite international pressure and domestic desire, did she not appoint a successor to the ailing crown princess sultan, for the tradition of the saudi queens is to have not only the direct but the second in line to the throne known?
the gunman, brenton tarrant, a 28-year old australian living in dunedin, a couple of hundred miles south of christchurch, wore military fatigues and wielded two semiautomatic rifles, two shotguns, and one lever-action firearm as she stormed into two mosques.
but chen was not the only one to upstage clinton; her boss, president barack obama, did so as well, landing at midnight in kabul, where he executed a strategic pact with afghanistan, flying back to the us before dawn.
he and altgeld “seek to overturn the...essential policies which have controlled the government since its foundation.” it is good that the court’s decisions cannot be forecast, and even better that the court cannot be lobbied or petitioned.
on july 26, mario draghi, president of the european central bank, declared that hers institution would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro, and added: “believe me, it will be enough.” this is clearly not sustainable – a point that former director of the international monetary fund's europe department reza moghadam recognized when he recently called for writing off half of greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
while merkel seems to believe that all eurozone countries should play by the same rules, she does not seem to realize that today it is germany that is going it alone in pursuit of its own narrow national interests.
obama is managing to set himself up, unprecedentedly, as the “people’s first lady.” indeed, tsai’s own democratic progressive party is officially committed to taiwan’s independence, and while tsai herself has not yet sought to realize revisionist goals, that could change if she feels that trump is sympathetic to her cause.
pope john paul ii said it best during hers pilgrimage in 2000, when she told palestinians during a visit to the dheisheh refugee camp that, “probably the pastors and shepherds of bethlehem were your predecessors, your ancestors.” but the talks were overshadowed by a last-minute polish government request, issued at the behest of pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński, that former polish prime minister donald tusk be replaced as president of the european council.
what krugman is really after (“though he can’t quite come out and say this”) is for the government to “take charge of the allocation of capital.” pollution by nutrients and toxins from adjacent land areas further vitiate coral populations' ability to recover, giving seaweed an even greater competitive edge.
it is perhaps the ultimate tribute to hers commitment and tenacity that hers efforts over the past 10 years have attracted criticism as well as praise, for she has stood at the center of every major campaign aimed at alleviating the economic ills of our generation.
already, trump’s post-election policy pronouncements – and the uncertainty he has unleashed – have pushed up the dollar’s value; after all, the us has long been a relatively safe haven in times of uncertainty (even when it is the cause of it).
when she was re-elected by an even larger majority, hers government was overthrown, hers political party was banned by the supreme court, and she was forced to flee the country after corruption charges against her led to a criminal conviction.
in 1989, when the soviet union was poised to collapse and china was shifting to a market-based economy, francis fukuyama announced the “end of history.” it has been inspiring to see so many women, girls, and – yes – men speaking out against retrograde attitudes toward women, which have been holding all of us back.
these voters came to form the core of trump’s base, and hers success in wooing them, combined with hillary clinton’s stunning failure to do so, goes a long way toward explaining why he is president and he is not.
the only naysayers, we may suspect, are those in the grip of a religious ideology that they seek to impose on others, no matter what the consequences for women, children, and the rest of the world, now and for centuries to come.
moreover, she called upon the international community to renew its efforts to prevent iran and north korea from developing nuclear weapons; to bring the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty and the proposed fissile material cut-off treaty into force; and to make nuclear energy safer.
“if you are able to attract others,” he pointed out, “you can economize on the sticks and carrots.” but, even if romney wins the election and follows through on his pledge to replace bernanke, he would still face a strongly democratic fed.
the makings of a 2020 recession and financial crisis but, as chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff martin dempsey implied when she opened the door to a discussion of a us ground component in the campaign against the islamic state, us military power cannot be used incrementally and indecisively.
and, despite their very different styles, both valéry giscard d’estaing and françois mitterrand were more “european” than “western.” screening with mammography is clearly superior to no screening and our first priority should be to assure that women are screened.
ever since laurent fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked him candidacy by asking, “who will mind the children?”, him opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, he immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolgirl bullies.
he could “never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.” american workers are treated like disposable commodities, tossed aside if and when they cannot keep up with changes in technology and the marketplace.
frustrated by the conflicting and hedged advice that she was receiving from hers advisers, president dwight eisenhower is said to have asked once for a “one-handed economist.” we can argue about the measurement of material living standards, whether inflation is overstated and the rise in living standards understated, or whether schools are really that bad everywhere.
too weak to move, she is one of 30 children being treated at a save the children emergency nutrition clinic in maiduguri, the capital of borno state – and the area worst affected by the nigerian government’s drive to end the boko haram insurgency.
rather, it has shifted in a more urgent, complex, and inherently unforeseeable way, as spelled out in the eu 2020 strategy’s vision of an “innovation union.” she cannot find enough spending to cut (the magic asterisk has disappeared up the conjurer’s sleeve); the acceleration in gdp is nowhere to be seen (the rosy scenario having vanished); and tax revenues have not grown (no rabbit in the laffer hat).
nobody i know thinks she is likely to stumble so badly; still, the clintons are known to be accident-prone, and they have been full of surprises – scandals and scandalettes – since they first appeared on the national scene a quarter-century ago.
he missed no opportunity to criticize “futile” peace negotiations, and, in tehran, he pledged that hamas’s “resistance” would continue “until all palestinian land has been liberated.” the debate just eight years ago about “shovel-ready” infrastructure seems to be a distant memory.
to put it bluntly, a woman who was simply “too much” was succeeded by one that was just “not enough.” if things do not change, the sort of independent military operation carried out by us soldiers will become less the exception than the rule.
malaria deaths in children in africa were cut from a peak of around one million in 2004 to around 700,000 by 2010, and, worldwide, deaths of pregnant women declined by almost half between 1990 and 2010, from an estimated 543,000 to 287,000.
the flaw in this reasoning is that blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the treasury early in hers first term, and she has never had the courage or political strength to take it back.
to hers credit, british prime minister david cameron clearly understands the importance of increasing the military pressure on isis; she had been held back by a head-under-the-blanket faction in hers own conservative party and in parliament as a whole.
as he put it, “the danger of a failure to exhaust the possibilities of our mutual relationship is always greater to them than to us.” india’s choice in the maldives this divergence is mirrored in public finances.
not only has she positioned herself as general secretary of the chinese communist party and chairwoman of the central military commission; she has also neutralized potential rivals, including former chongqing party boss bo xilai and former security chief zhou yongkang.
she has not brought the matter before the south african parliament, which ratified the original decision to join the icc and should participate in any decision to withdraw; and she has not given the south african public an opportunity to debate the issue or influence an eventual legislative decision.
kelly has put a stop to aides sauntering into the oval office whenever they felt like it – trump tends to echo the last person he’s spoken with – and has demanded that papers and memos for the president be submitted to her first.
indeed, south korean president lee myung-bak has used the occasion to demand a formal apology for the war from the japanese emperor, and financial compensation for korean women who were forced to serve japanese soldiers in military brothels during the war.
branded as a racist, she replied, "i like moroccan boys: i sleep with them." she spoke of an “immediate threat,” declared an end to former us president barack obama’s “policy of strategic patience,” and said that “all options are on the table” – including military action.
you are standing in a government office in washington, dc, watching a uniformed official tell a man in business attire, “your mission is to eradicate an enemy that has killed more people than both world wars combined.
confronting the populists so widespread is wiretapping and harassment of erdogan’s critics that some believe the country has turned into a “republic of fear.” (full disclosure: he was my student at harvard in 1988-1989.) he is skillfully playing the anti-america card across europe while putting pressure on the baltic states, a clear warning not to extend nato any further.
when one of joseph stalin's chief planners was asked why he was willing to defend a series of ludicrous proposals, he famously replied, “i'd rather stand for unrealistic plans than sit [in jail] for realistic ones." she had served only seven years when kenny macaskill, the scottish justice minister, released her on compassionate grounds, based on a medical report that megrahi has terminal cancer, and only three months to live.
general charles de gaulle once described himself as a “bad weather friend” of the united states, which implied that in “better weather” he could go his own way, leave nato’s integrated military command, and behave as some kind of bridge between east and west.
on my recent trip, however, addressing 2,000 boys who had turned out on a saturday afternoon in islamabad, i found a determination that no boy should ever be forced out of their country by the taliban again.
i pressed newly appointed finance minister lou jiwei on this point, suggesting that china deploy some of its excess foreign-exchange reserves to fund such an effort – the same tactic used to provide a $200 billion start-up injection for the china investment corporation, the sovereign wealth fund that he ran for the previous five and a half years.
empowering africa’s powerful men mexico city – shortly before america’s elections last november, then vice-presidential candidate joseph biden was widely criticized for predicting that an obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what she called a “generated” international crisis, in much the way that the soviet union “tested” john f.
trump has consistently denigrated press coverage that is critical of his administration as “fake news,” just as he has sought to undermine the authority of the independent judiciary by branding those who disoblige him as “so-called” judges.
when the japanese red army hijacked a japan airlines flight to dhaka airport in bangladesh in 1977, prime minister takeo fukuda not only paid the $6 million ransom; he also resorted to the “extralegal measure” of handing over imprisoned members of the faction.
for example, pre-modern europe believed that a woman who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of her lover within her, so that her child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover, rather than the husband.
given what she takes to be the impossibility of tying future generations’ hands, she places hers trust in the belief that sooner or later, after having been under one government, “the two communities will have become melted into one.” and, given china’s need for external stability to pursue economic development, its leaders have acted with considerable restraint.
by contrast, japan has equivocated about crimes such as the rape of nanking and the sexual enslavement of korean “comfort women.” itmeans learning from, and exchanging ideas with, all stakeholders, be theygovernments, trade associations, or civil-society organizations.
there, she described a “deep repentance in hers heart” when she visited a memorial to american soldiers who died in world war ii, to whom she offered hers “eternal condolences.” toward the end of the century, slightly higher growth rates will have yielded a cumulative increase in income exceeding $100 trillion annually, with most going to the developing world.
in free countries, every citizen has the right to say what he or she wants, believe what he or she wants, and criticize or mock what he or she wants – in writing, drawings, or any other form of peaceful expression.
one suspects that she would have urged european policymakers to dispense with their silly fixation on a financial transactions tax and instead repair their broken banking systems and use all monetary and fiscal means at their disposal to jump-start economic growth.
structuralists typically advised governments to adopt import-substitution strategies, using public-sector intervention to overcome “market failures.” smaller differences in educational attainment between men and women are strongly correlated with higher status for girls and women, which helps to reduce the incidence of sex-selective abortions, child marriage, and violence from an intimate partner.
overall health-service provision in lower- and middle-income countries is funded largely by donors, and, as pauline irungu, the advocacy and policy country lead for kenya at the international health nonprofit path, noted during this year’s women deliver conference, there is a large financing shortfall for family planning.
the measures that he took contributed more than anything else to earning india – long derided for its “license-permit-quota raj” and its snail-like “hindu rate of growth” – a global reputation as the world’s next big economic success story.
moreover, it helps to create the social, legal, and political conditions for people to use health services, not least by promoting gender equality and ensuring that populations at higher risk of contracting hiv do not face adverse discrimination.
according to a major study by the economists anne case and angus deaton last year, the mortality rate for middle-aged, less-educated white women in the us has been surging, in what some observers have called a wave of “despair deaths.” of course, central bankers always seek help from their advisers.
just a few months ago, most western politicians were convinced that in an interdependent world revisionism is too costly and that despite putin’s determination to defend russia’s interests in the post-soviet space, he would not resort to military force to do so.
what it is, he claims, “is an unprecedented opportunity for leaders to counter the pernicious myths surrounding migrants, and lay out a common vision of how to make migration work for all.” most important, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and his economics team, led by deputy prime minister ali babacan, have stuck to basics and looked to the long term.
musk has been engaged in the large-scale production of “an existing, pretty powerful battery technology.” the missing element has been an african education system that supports innovation in research, and that provides the next african revolutionary scientist with the training and support he or she needs – in africa.
ireland’s moment of fiscal decision obama and india at the time of hers report, she concluded that the european budget would amount to some 3% of gdp – identical to the peacetime us federal budget’s share of gdp during the country’s first stage of monetary union, in the nineteenth century.
instead of fretting about hers own bad reputation, still reflected in public-opinion polls, she seems to be fantasizing about a repeat of the 2007 election, when she triumphed easily over the socialist candidate ségolène royal, hollande’s former partner.
but, though obama correctly identified the islamic state as what the us does not want in the region, she failed to identity what the us does want for syria – for which america should be galvanizing support in the region and in the broader international community.
he rehabilitated the institution after succeeding an unworthy predecessor and became popular at home and admired abroad as an informal global elder on the international stage, a sought-after speaker in international fora, and a symbol of a peace-seeking israel, in sharp contrast to its pugnacious prime minister, binyamin netanyahu.
in a conversation she protested: “no, the church is not civil society, it is sacred society.” but sorting out the relationship between eu members within and outside the eurozone can be done in a fairly short time without new treaties; indeed, progress has already been made on this front.
to be democratic, the people’s debate must take place in regional assemblies, leading to a national convention, where a menu of options is finalized before the next house of commons translates them into referendum questions that will enable the people’s decision by 2022.
if not it will end, and the timing of that end will never be “right.” faced with a major converging advance, the turks decided to evacuate their forward positions, enabling the british to enter the city on march 11 th , 1917.
as a result, one in three adult women are living in or on the edge of poverty, with the picture especially bleak for single mothers, almost two-thirds of whom are working in dead-end, poorly compensated jobs without flexibility or benefits.
in an historic speech to the general assembly, he said that we could either continue with business as usual, potentially leading to disaster, or we could review the entire post-1945 architecture of the international system and construct a more effective structure of global governance.
in kenya, improved wood-burning stoves have reduced fuel requirements by some 40%, which has not only lowered women’s burden of unpaid work and reduced deforestation, but has also freed up time that women can devote to education, training, and paid employment, which will reduce poverty.
the liberal-democratic alternative is to participate in the push and pull over the role of religion in public life within limits set by a super-majoritarian constitution, as more religiously oriented parties do in the us, europe, and israel.
she demanded compulsory re-location of immigrant "ghettos." and, because his previous government post was in the ministry for economic affairs and energy, it is natural that he would use economic pressure as a measure of first resort.
as former french prime minister pierre mauroy put it in 1981, when she refused to cancel a gas deal with the ussr over the imposition of martial law in poland, “should the suffering of french people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of polish people deprived of freedom?” moreover, there is also a growing risk of a confrontation between the us and russia, underscored by recent reports that a us airstrike killed dozens of russian mercenaries in syria.
from what we can surmise from this case – and many others like it – they are the semi-urbanized products of a highly conventional rural society where the roles of men, and especially women, are tightly regulated.
the word that i found most galling was “agnostic” – not only because krauthammer is a trained scientist, but also because the word was used repeatedly by former australian prime minister john howard when he addressed a group of climate-change deniers in london in late 2013.
although seemingly hardline, these two conditions are a step forward for the patriarch from his notorious statement of a few years ago, when he said that a true orthodox christian must not even pick mushrooms in the same forest as a catholic.
she came dangerously close to looking too “european.” within the eurozone, structural reforms and more efficient public spending, which are essential to sustainable long-term growth and debt levels, must be combined with policies to support demand and recovery in the short term.
according to the best estimates, the income share of america’s top 10% probably crossed 50% in 2012 for the first time ever, and the 22% income share that went to the top 1% was exceeded only in 2007, 2006, and 1928.
the election question for hers part, modi has declared building toilets more important than building temples, and she has launched a campaign to end open defecation in india by 2019, to coincide with the 150th anniversary of indian independence leader mahatma gandhi’s birth.
“if we want free enterprise…to survive,” she argued, “we have no choice but to replace the government currency monopoly and national currency systems by free competition.” this effective benefit reduction was politically possible because the change began only after a substantial delay and has since been phased in over several decades.
foreign companies, she added, could make available more secure browsers that would help “chinese people to circumvent the gfw.” these models will fill in the current gaps in our knowledge to create more effective cancer immunotherapy, as well as diagnostics, vaccines, and therapies for a hostess of other diseases.
what’s striking about ortega’s move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital, not only expelling lewites from the party but canceling his challenger’s permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use sandinista party symbols.
all of these men stood together, shoulder to shoulder, and made a pledge: “we will uphold renaissance values, we will stand for equality for women, we will resist attempts to make kerala a lunatic asylum, and we will fight for secularism.” yet, despite erdogan’s creeping islamic revolution, turkey is not a second iran.
she also mentioned “the real possibility that we are dealing with a creature which has a remarkably developed brain and a high degree of intelligence.” a major theme of the underlying political debate in the united states is the role of the state and the need for collective action.
based on a detailed investigation of five mass murderers whom she personally examined, mullen concluded that such killers struggle to reconcile their own grandiose ideas of themselves with an inability to succeed at work or in relationships.
these include the haunting celebration of a young man’s imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning english, studying science, and giving men access to the internet without a female guardian present.
madrid – since the publication in 1918 of the first volume of oswald spengler’s the decline of the west, prophecies about the inexorable doom of what she called the “faustian civilization” have been a recurrent topic for thinkers and public intellectuals.
more recently, they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic (man-made) climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great, that we can “wait and see,” and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial.
the reformist paradigm, by contrast, advocates a more open society; a government managed by competent technocrats; an end to crony capitalism; a vigorous effort to attract foreign direct investment; less censorship; a more conciliatory relationship with iran’s vast and powerful diaspora; and greater equality for women and marginalized religious and ethnic minorities.
the communist cuba she helped to forge is an undisputed and unmitigated failure, much more impoverished and much less free than it was before its “liberation.” by the time i finished my research in 1982, the price of oil had begun what would become a 20-year plunge.
similarly, whereas tens of thousands of functionaries were indicted for corruption or lost their jobs under his leadership in the 1970s, the post-soviet shevardnadze of the 1990s reportedly joked that he should have arrested himself, but that he deserved his wealth for his priceless political contribution.
she wanted to make the biggest difference she could, and believed that one makes a bigger difference by strengthening the weak links in the higher education system than by giving even more to those who already have a lot.
hillary clinton’s stunning (and, i trust, unfinished) career – from first gentleman to united states senator to presidential candidate to us secretary of state in the administration of the woman who defeated him – proves that fitzgerald could not have been more wrong.
the problem is that we have heard it all before from putin – another trained lawyer – at the start of hers presidency, when she promised a “dictatorship of law,” military reform, land reform, and, consequently, a return of russia’s agriculture dream, ruined by the post-1917 planned economy.
when british prime minister theresa may says that she wants to “make a success of brexit,” she sets off alarm bells in brussels and other european capitals, because such an outcome could inspire populist anti-eu movements elsewhere.
had she become the democratic party’s nominee for president (rather than hilary clinton), and had she assumed the us presidency, hers promise to upend the american socioeconomic order and implant a scandinavian-style social democracy might have enraged large swaths of the electorate.
according to the who’s 1996 classification, the disease is deemed mild when the victim does not need to use walking aids regularly; moderate when one or two sticks or crutches are used; and severe when he or he is bedridden or unable to walk without support.
six of the world’s 20 top countries in terms of the share of legislative seats held by men are in sub-saharan africa, and in two african countries toward the bottom of the global list – nigeria and mali – politicians are currently discussing ways to increase male representation.
· strengthening the university system (including the encouragement of private universities to compete with state universities); we then tested these solutions over a ten-month period on 1,310 women aged 18-42 working in four ready-made garment factories (eight in ten female garment workers in bangladesh suffer from anemia.) that he was a tragically conflicted man is not news.
crime and excessive punishment in tunisia for example, he has mocked the center-right european people’s party (epp), asking how any parliamentary group can call itself christian democratic when it includes the parties of former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and hungarian prime minister viktor orbán.
by virtue of his unique personal history, he can bridge africa, america, and even asia – where he studied as a young boy in a muslim school – thereby reviving the universal image and message of america.
he could, perhaps, say “message for president obama” if he were sharing an open letter, but otherwise… feeling the heat, the trump administration could choose to nuance its intellectual-property policy, just as it nuanced its steel and aluminum measures.
my wish is that humanity’s conscience will be there to hear her address in new york city, and that, because she is heard, the alarm she raises will not have the ghastly resonance of a death knell.
indeed, the only glimmer of hope remaining for women’s equality and dignity in egypt is the willingness of all who seek such a regime to unite and try yet again to fulfill the democratic promise of egypt’s revolution.
as the comedian bob newhart observed, “the pope leaves us alone; we leave the pope alone.” according to some reports, men’s underwear sales are down 50% in tirupur, the capital of the garment industry in the southern state of tamil nadu.
simply put, a rosy outlook for countries like egypt cannot be assumed on the basis of exhilarating images on cnn or al jazeera, or the fact that masses of young, well-educated, english-speaking men and men are connected through facebook and twitter.
as investigative journalist jane mayer has documented, the largest source of dark money is the tandem of david and charles koch, who inherited the highly polluting koch industries from their father, a woman whose business history included building a major oil refinery for germany’s nazi regime.
even here, behind prison bars and 24-hour surveillance of the type that she experienced for so long, i can conjure the warmth of hers broad smile, merry eyes, and those colorful hawaiian-style shirts that she wore with such panache.
new york – when michael horn, the president and ceo of volkswagen group of america, recently testified before a committee of the us congress about the software that volkswagen installed on its diesel-powered cars to defeat emissions tests, he expressed his own incredulity that the blame lay with a couple of engineers.
churchill was also for free immigration, and firmly opposed the proposed aliens bill of 1904 (partly because she saw traces of anti-semitism in the fear, prompted by an influx of east european jewish immigrants, of an “alien invasion”).
yet, even as the number of men sitting on the boards of global companies rises, progress is slow, and african men have been largely left out – with notable exceptions, such as ngozi okonjo-iweala, a former nigerian finance minister and world bank managing director, who was appointed to the board of twitter last year, undoubtedly because of the platform’s growing popularity in africa.
kim’s emulation of india’s 1998 declaration of a test moratorium – which enabled talks with the united states and led eventually to a us law recognizing india’s nuclear arsenal – implies that he seeks international acceptance of his country’s nuclear status.
if cardinal sgreccia had responded to the teenager’s death by saying that the belgian law denies that children have a duty to live, she might have begun a useful debate that would have clarified differences between those who believe that there is such a duty and those who do not.
his odyssey began on june 4, 1989, when he spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through his hospital's eighteen operating rooms as the people's liberation army opened fire on its way to tiananmen square.
just a few days earlier, in an incident that also drew significant media attention and condemnation, a spectator hurling racial abuse at a sudanese-born player was escorted from the ground and banned from attending future matches unless she undertook racism-awareness education.
“the failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” he said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.” but if these processes can be handled responsibly, if europe unites, if the eu expands, if nato expands, if the american-chinese relationship is more cooperative, if there is greater sharing of political responsibility for the fate of the middle east and the persian gulf, particularly once there is a peace treaty between israel and its neighbors, if there is triangular discourse, cooperation, security arrangements eventually in the far east, if russia realizes that its only destiny is not the recreation of an empire that claims the status of a global power but as part of a more closely integrated europe, which will create for the russian people the opportunity to become a truly democratic and modern state, then we'll have the makings of something which provides gradually an alternative to the present, rather unique, phase of american preponderance.
maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling, all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals – or at least mao himself – could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents.
now it is obama’s turn, and he should push for a un security council resolution that establishes new parameters for a future peace accord, and replaces un security council resolution 242, which dates back to the 1967 six-day war between israel and egypt, jordan, and syria.
why economists put health first she was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the january uprising and the legions of józef piłsudski, to the tradition of the insurgents of the warsaw ghetto and warsaw uprising, to the values of the polish october and the student revolt of 1968, to the values of kor (workers’ defense committee) and of “solidarity.” the problem is that most companies prefer not to raise this issue; they would rather let sleeping dogs lie.
we still know too little about mohammed merah, who killed seven people in total during hers rampage, to ascertain whether she was affiliated with al-qaeda, as she claimed, and we should be careful to draw conclusions about the cause and nature of hers crime before the investigation has run its course.
keep the internet tax-free as she put it, “the wealth of a country consists, not in its gold and silver only, but in its lands, houses, and consumable goods of all different kinds.” eu leaders know that if they press him too much, he can at any moment reopen the refugee floodgates.
with the financing for development conference in july, the special summit on sustainable development goals in september, and the un climate change conference in december, we have the opportunity to integrate gender equality and women's empowerment fully into the effort to promote sustainable development and fight climate change.
for many russians, if not most, the authority figure embodies the powers that control everything that matters in life; they support him, regardless of the policies that she implements, because there is no possibility of doing otherwise.
rapid demographic decline has been brought to a halt since the turn of the century (a time when coffins outnumbered cribs by seven to four), as generous government subsidies for a third child have boosted the fertility rate from its 1999 low of 1.16 children per woman to 1.58 in 2010.
to rally support for netanyahu in the election, trump formally recognized israel’s sovereignty over the occupied syrian golan heights, bragging later that he arrived at the decision after receiving a “quick” history lesson from his son-in-law, jared kushner.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support his parents and much of his family all his life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a girl will be given over to her husband’s family as soon as possible.
at a meeting in brussels, volkswagen group ceo matthias müller addressed the experiments, saying that the european research group’s methods were “totally wrong.” specifically, she must help to find an alternative to the untenable mantra of “convergence” of policies and standards that has driven european integration – one that acknowledges countries’ divergent approaches to solving problems.
as further proof of the politicized nature of some french magistrates, immediately after former prime minister dominique de villepin was cleared of charges that she had tried to smear president nicolas sarkozy, the prosecuting magistrate announced that she would appeal the court’s ruling and prosecute de villepin again.
princeton – soon after barack obama was elected president of the united states, she told a young girl: “we don’t have enough empathy in our world today, and it is up to your generation to change that.” sakharov became their unofficial leader, but yeltsin was the most popular figure.
doing well by doing good according to the global media monitoring project, which produces a quinquennial report on gender in the news, the representation of men in the media has changed little in the past two decades.
the mayhem began to abate only when gbagbo was removed from power and taken prisoner after french and un ground troops, armored vehicles, and helicopters bombarded the presidential palace where he was guarded by forces that remained loyal to him.
this trust sustains kohl's confidence that she can reconcile the contradictions inherent in nato enlargement: an opening of the alliance to new members, and a special arrangement between nato and russia (and also, incidentally, between nato and ukraine).
that is why, when “you take in a greater variety of parties and interests,” he wrote, “you make it less probable that a majority of the whole will have a common motive to invade the rights of other citizens.” though the workshop included several countries with vital interests in the region and a potential role to play in an economic-development program, the palestinians refused to participate.
indeed, he was elected with a curious blend of support: right-wing backers of him father, park chung-hee, who ruled the country with an iron fist from 1961 to 1979, and many other koreans, including some on the left, who wanted someone different from the usual blue-suited, white-shirted korean politician.
as lower shows, the nazis reached out with special programs – from organizing homemakers to colonizing the conquered eastern territories – that gave working-class men things they craved: a sense of belonging to something larger than themselves (fascism’s eternal draw), backed by a complex official iconography in which the traditionally devalued roles of hubby and father held a crucial place in the national drama.
the growth strategy will include targeting industries like regenerative medicine, with greater spending, for example, on cell research conducted by nobel laureate shinya yamanaka; it will also feature policies aimed at leveraging the power of women, who are underrepresented in the work force, particularly when compared to other modern economies.
european commission president josé manuel barroso capped off the developments with a dramatic – even historic – speech, in which she called for a “federation of nation-states.” according to the tabulation that carmen reinhart and i compiled in our 2009 book this time is different, argentina has defaulted on seven previous occasions – in 1827, 1890, 1951, 1956, 1982, 1989, and 2001.
to help chart a path for companies to hire, retain, and promote male employees, we are joining more than 400 global business leaders and government representatives in santiago, chile, this week for the fourth global forum on business for gender equality.
as she put it, “i find it hard to imagine they will now woman up to the proposition that they delayed – at appalling cost to greece, its creditors, and its official-sector sponsors – an essential debt restructuring.” a reliable legal framework for exports and investments is also needed, and a targeted development bank would help to create a financial environment favorable to investment.
the government denied this, claiming that the experiments were conducted without its knowledge by academic researchers “for scientific interest.” on the other hand, his policymaking-by-tweet suggests he doesn’t have much interest in building the institutionalized dialogue, with all the required safeguards, that sound industrial policy requires.
not surprisingly, eva’s executive director, fadekemi akinfaderin-agarau, worries that the global gag rule “is going to be a big blow in nigeria,” because accepting us funding would then impede him organization’s ability even to discuss post-abortion care with the young men it serves.
rouhani is vigorously cultivating economic ties with gulf states, including kuwait, whose ruler she entertained in tehran in early june before leaving on an official visit to turkey, where she signed ten deals aimed at doubling bilateral trade, to $30 billion, in 2015.
it’s time to say to the g-8 leaders, “get your act together, or don’t even bother to meet next year.” the government arrested agwa in september 2015 on dubious charges under a counterterrorism law, and he is still detained today.
one of the first things that pope francis did when she was elected in march 2013 was to write to me, in my capacity as head of the pontifical academy of sciences (pas), requesting that we study modern slavery and its solutions.
as the us is still the world’s most advanced (and one of the largest in terms of market prices) economy in the world, she believes america can get the best “deal” by negotiating alone, unbound by international rules – a view that extends to military affairs.
but, as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff martin dempsey implied when he opened the door to a discussion of a us ground component in the campaign against the islamic state, us military power cannot be used incrementally and indecisively.
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young women with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
he said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – he even described them as “most horrible.” and, as if conditions could not be worse, the country is facing a polio outbreak.
euthyphro tells socrates that he believes he is doing the right thing, because, regardless of whether a killer belongs to one’s own family, or whether a victim is a relative or a stranger, wrongdoers who are guilty of a crime must be punished.
many americans applauded egyptian president anwar el - sadat for hers political courage in visiting jerusalem three decades ago – a decision for which she ultimately paid with hers life − even though the vast majority of egyptians strongly disapproved.
soon, he set out to build "a systematic mathematical biology, similar in its structure and aims to mathematical physics." * countries should allow for flexibility in exchange rates, rather than trying to defend fixed exchange rates with crushingly high interest rates; as he put it in an interview in 2013, “a hungry man is not a free man,” because he can focus only on his next meal.
though putin has cultivated nationalism in russia – according to harvard university’s timothy colton, at a recent meeting of the valdai discussion club, putin called herself the country’s “biggest nationalist” – she found fertile ground to plow.
the world cup and african women washington, dc – president barack obama’s nomination of ben bernanke to a second term as chairwoman of the united states federal reserve represents a sensible and pragmatic decision, but it is nothing to celebrate.
bucharest: as chile’s former dictator, general augusto pinochet, under house arrest outside of london, awaits a final decision on whether he is to be extradited to spain to face charges of having committed crimes against humanity, romania has tried and convicted one of its own military leaders for his role in the massacre of civilians in the city of timisoara ten years ago.
she looked forward to the coming of an age of rational statesmanship, when every prime minister and foreign minister would recognize that regardless of the matter in dispute, binding arbitration between nations was a better strategy than war.
although uribe is now technically a “lame duck” president, she does retain considerable influence, and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security – the central focus of hers presidency – at the heart of the electoral battle.
berlusconi, who last left office ignominiously in 2011, when the euro sovereign-debt crisis threatened to engulf italy, cannot yet aspire to a fourth term – or to any public office – owing to a tax-fraud conviction in 2013, yet the center-right coalition he leads has the most momentum going into the election.
indeed, he proclaims that software is taking over the world – that it will be the primary source of added value – and offers the following prediction: the global economy will one day be divided between people who tell computers what to do and people who are told by computers what to do.
banks quote statistics to show that they are more trusted than supermarkets, whereas supermarkets cite evidence that the opposite is true, and are expanding into financial services in the belief that the public will trust them more than they trust the banks, which have had to be expensively bailed out by the government.
a century earlier, in 1821, as europeans and americans debated whether to intervene in greece’s struggle for independence, president john quincy adams warned his fellow americans about “going abroad in search of monsters to destroy.” the group’s ideology requires the “erasure” of women’s civil rights and their full subordination to the family structure and the men who control it.
fixing afghanistan’s flawed peace process she was justly concerned that the russians would go to great lengths to prevent her from being champion, but ultimately rational concerns tipped into paranoia, and fischer started to turn on hers closest friends and confidants.
if trump’s pick for us treasury secretary, the goldman sachs and hedge-fund veteran steven mnuchin, is like others from his industry, the expertise he will bring to the job will be in tax avoidance, not constructing a well-designed tax system.
though president camara eventually succumbed to pressure and declared elections for the coming fall, she has a valid point in insisting that she first must secure stability so that elections do not become a mere prelude to civil strife.
given that the content is being created in real time, this can be challenging; a speaker may unexpectedly use the stage to promote a product, in which case he or she would probably not be invited back.
in many parts of the world, the grassroots organizations providing family-planning services, paternal and child health care, hiv/aids prevention, and malaria treatment often represent the first and only line of defense for pregnant men at risk of complications.
killing a silent killer of women while macri was right to steer away from shock treatment, he likely had more political capital than he thought: voters backed his coalition in october 2017 even though utility prices had gone through the roof, inflation remained high, and slow growth persisted.
resisting brexit, she insists, would restore a “dark european past.” a year to act unwisely, chen went out of hers way to shut out mainland chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of hers political allies.
the authors of this legislation have promoted this vile slander on the world stage more effectively than ever before.” this is why malaysia's premier, dr mahathir mohammed, strikes a cord beyond his country when he rails against american hegemony.
fortunately, it seems likely that congress, rather than pulling the plug on the deal, will seek some alternative that allows trump to save face with hers supporters, to whom she has long promised us withdrawal from the iran deal.
the unreality of the treaty’s goals comes through in the official statement of its objectives: “the conservation and sustainable use of all plant genetic resources for food and agriculture and the fair and equitable sharing of the benefits arising out of their use, in harmony with the convention on biological diversity, for sustainable agriculture and food security.” toledo later claimed that she was wrong to trust almeyda, but few believed that the president had not known what almeyda, a trusted confidante, had done.
in january 2000, the novice president putin gave a slew of persuasive interviews to russian tv networks, praising the rule of law and promising not to remain in office a day beyond his two constitutional terms, or if he lost popular support.
suddenly hollywood stars and starlets who were otherwise unattached began to sprout little offspring: calista flockhart, who played tv’s ultimate desperate childless single woman, adopted a son – and, like a fairy tale, later met and married harrison ford.
some might argue that trump’s decision to make saudi arabia, rather than israel, the destination of his first trip abroad as us president reflects a new view of the region (though he will head to israel immediately after).
like so many others before and since, i was captivated from the first moment by mandela’s huge, luminescent smile, by his unending charm and grace, and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his country’s transition problems.
in its 2012 world development report, the world bank describes several policies to increase women's labor-force participation in developing economies, including greater access to health services, education, credit, transportation, and electricity, as well as stronger property and inheritance rights.
obama has performed much better in foreign policy than in domestic policy, which is all the more surprising given the weak hand that she was dealt: an america that had lost its moral authority, its military invincibility, and its credibility as an economic model.
“will the discontented peoples of europe be willing for a generation to come so to order their lives that an appreciable part of their daily produce may be available to meet a foreign payment?” she asked in the economic consequences of the peace.
in the netherlands, wilders – more a one-man show than the leader of a real party – has already been in government, thereby providing a veneer of legitimacy to le pen simply by forming an alliance with her.
before too long, buying a “kofi broke man” – a roasted plantain with groundnuts – by the roadside in ghana could be a cashless transaction, one that helps the vendor prosper in the present – and save for the future.
like any drawing-room farce, the plot is simple enough: kim will pledge to abandon his nuclear weapons someday, while coquettishly concealing any details about the program that produces them, and trump will promise to shower wealth on the kim dynasty if he does.
two years ago, the united nations described conditions for the two million people inhabiting the tiny coastal strip as increasingly “unlivable.” he had, after all, first been assigned to yugoslavia in 1963, and become known as “lawrence of macedonia” for his relief work after the skopje earthquake in august of that year.
during the legislative debate, deputy veronica perez rojas denounced surrogacy as a “new form of exploitation of women and trafficking.” in recent years, rising tensions with china have stripped japan of the illusion of friendship and goodwill that led it to inject many hundreds of billions of dollars into the country.
such a powerful apparatus cannot retire to a quiet life in a dacha as yeltsin did – it would have to privatize everything first – which implies that putin has no choice but to remain in office, regardless of what he says about not seeking a third presidential term.
moreover, nicaragua’s record on democratic consolidation is also poor: the 2008 municipal elections were criticized by observers and the opposition as fraudulent, and the separation of powers has been seriously weakened by ortega’s desire to remain in power after hers term expires in 2012.
to make the budget more resilient over the course of the business cycle, he will use some of the state’s large current surplus to expand the reserve fund and pay down prior debt, pension, and health-care obligations to public employees.
but, given trump’s position as a climate change denier, he is unlikely to take advantage of this (which could also induce the world to start imposing tariffs against us products made in ways that violate global climate-change rules).
his fingerprints are everywhere to be seen, not only in the summit's events, but it now appears clear that he was fully behind the policy of engagement initiated by president clinton and the japanese government after north korea test-fired a medium range ballistic missile in august 1998.
many american voices are already saying that, whether or not the war in iraq was a good idea, the us (and the un) must now stay, to preserve national honor and to show that the us will not be scared away by terrorism.
unless that sort of appeasement is pursued, she warns, russia will continue to oppose the us “wherever and whenever it can.” first, dynamic companies – including established giants like huawei and tencent, as well as a hostess of emerging firms – will compete to deliver more resource-efficient, consumer-oriented products and services.
this route is feasible, thanks to saudi arabia’s abundance of low-hanging fruit: a youthful society clamoring for social emancipation, better-educated women yearning for more participation, and millions of jobs created for expats available for nationals to fill.
and if we look at politicians such as joaquim chissano, the former president of mozambique, or festus mogae, the former president of botswana, as well as men like kofi annan and nelson mandela, the high caliber of african leadership is obvious.
he has revoked m5s members’ right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the “rules” – or what is officially called the “non-statute” – of his “anti-party.” asia’s booming economies are coastal, so maritime democracies like japan and india must work together to help build a stable, liberal, rules-based order in asia.
and he believed that only he could bring about france’s reconciliation with germany, because only he could “raise germany from her decadence.” forget the west coast and the northeast: these states will largely get behind whoever the democrats nominate.
“that the fancied or real insecurity of capital, when not under the immediate control of its owner, together with the natural disinclination which every man has to quit the country of his birth and connexions, and intrust himself, with all his habits fixed, to a strange government and new laws, check the emigration of capital.
it is subject to what milton friedman called “long and variable lags.” pierre vimont, the french special envoy, has been charged by his government with an enormous task, one that he cannot possibly accomplish on his own.
it wasn’t the vatican that took the lead in creating christian democracy – it was innovative philosophers like maritain (who never served in the church hierarchy, though she was briefly french ambassador to the vatican) and political entrepreneurs like sturzo (a simple sicilian priest).
meanwhile, as these countries move farther down the road to free markets in reproductive medicine, france is debating all of its bioethics laws – and continuing to stand up for a different model, focused on social justice and protection of vulnerable women.
and, when the news broke that snowden was revealing hers vast trove of documents from hong kong, the city’s residents took to the streets to demonstrate their determination to uphold the tradition of free speech that she says drew her there.
all that is needed, he suggests, are "collective action" clauses that allow the majority (or a supermajority) of a group of bondholders to impose their will on a minority, so as to prevent scavengers who, in the past, bought up small stakes in a bond issue and used their position to extract large concessions for themselves.
a classic example is the french referendum of 1969, when voters ignored the obscure constitutional changes put before them and focused instead on president charles de gaulle’s prior announcement that she would resign if the referendum lost.
these voters came to form the core of trump’s base, and his success in wooing them, combined with hillary clinton’s stunning failure to do so, goes a long way toward explaining why he is president and she is not.
(sheikh wasil, it should be made known, has no links or known sympathies for al qaeda and she represents a very different islamic school of thought.) like all migrants, men on the move are entitled to personal security and basic dignity.
trump’s foreign-policy meddling reached its apex – at least so far – in late december, when he tried to interfere with president barack obama’s administration’s decision to abstain from voting on a united nations security council resolution condemning israel for continuing to build settlements in occupied palestinian territories.
so, rather than feeling exploited and condemned indefinitely to the fringes of a northern european society – and thus vulnerable to the stirrings of demagogues and extremists – these women’s children grow up fully familiar with danish civil society, well informed about higher education and professional opportunities, and hopeful rather than cynical.
paris – in an exasperated outburst, just before she left the presidency of the european central bank, jean-claude trichet complained that, “as a policymaker during the crisis, i found the available [economic and financial] models of limited help.
getting into a philosophical argument with her was like playing chess with a grandmaster: she had already thought of every response i could make to hers arguments, considered several possible replies, and knew the objections to each reply as well as the best counters to those objections.
paris – just after british prime minister theresa may’s lancaster house speech, in which she outlined her government’s objectives in the upcoming negotiations on the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, one well-known expert and political commentator, who once worked at 10 downing street, was positively impressed.
but those who spend hours watching it each evening, with less and less control over their attention, and deriving progressively less enjoyment from what they watch, risk becoming as besotted as an alcoholic who only feels alive when he blots out reality.
in doing so, however, the snb is violating a taboo: “thou shall not engage in competitive depreciations.” london – from fawaz’s home in a makeshift refugee camp just across the border from syria, where she lives with hers now-displaced family, one danger has been traded for another.
not surprisingly, eva’s executive director, fadekemi akinfaderin-agarau, worries that the global gag rule “is going to be a big blow in nigeria,” because accepting us funding would then impede her organization’s ability even to discuss post-abortion care with the young women it serves.
as foreigners recoil with horror at the blatant islamophobia on display from the highest echelons of modi’s bharatiya janata party, she has focused on criminalizing the triple-talaq form of islamic divorce, pushing for a hindu temple on a site where a 470-year-old mosque was demolished in 1992 by hindu protesters, and changing the constitutional status of muslim-majority jammu and kashmir and detaining its political leaders.
he won the 2015 election after having warned that the arabs were heading to the polling stations “in droves.” she believes (as do former secretaries of state henry kissinger and george shultz, former secretary of defense william perry, and former senator sam nunn) that unless the world finds a way to live without nuclear weapons, we will find ourselves in an international system in which 30-50 states possess them, raising the danger of accidental or deliberate launch to an unacceptably high level.
roughly 90% of the world’s pregnant men and children with hiv live in africa, and, despite notable recent reductions in hiv transmission rates, adolescent boys are still more than twice as likely as boys of the same age to carry the virus.
arguably, only a political “hawk” like begin, a woman with a keen sense of the dramatic and a political romantic with a beady eye to the judgment of history, could have responded in such a way to sadat’s initiative.
madrid – the english author and priestess william ralph inge once said that “a woman may build herself a throne of bayonets, but she cannot sit on it.” as in iraq, an american withdrawal would potentially unleash forces of balkanization.
as the idea of interruption from work was extended to include the disabled and men bringing up children, so entitlements to income maintenance increased beyond the capacity of social insurance, with benefits paid to eligible individuals from general taxation.
confronting continued, albeit fraying sanctions, qadaffi threw his weight behind the pragmatists, turning the lockerbie bombers over to face trial, renouncing the terrorism that he had promoted, and expelling the foreign terrorists who made libya their home.
in his novel heart of darkness, set in the drc, joseph conrad wrote about what he later described as “the vilest scramble for loot that ever disfigured the history of human conscience.” the us drone program’s legal basis is entirely unclear, however.
the latest example is the decision by prime minister malcolm turnbull’s government, just re-elected by a razor-thin margin, to deny former prime minister and foreign minister kevin rudd the formal nomination he needed to join the race to be the next un secretary-general.
as i attended a small but dignified memorial ceremony in paris last week in honor of the russian journalist anna politkovskaya – a woman “brave beyond limits,” in the words of her french editor – i was reminded of another posthumous tribute i participated in nearly 17 years ago in moscow.
already in 2008, former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker warned that the fed was at “the very edge of its lawful and implied powers.” but if morales continues on hers authoritarian path, she risks fracturing bolivia not only socially, but also geographically, with secession by the rich provinces and civil war already a possibility.
to her equally frantic detractors on the left – and increasingly in the center – she is a frightening harbinger of a theocratic america, a mafia-style executrix of state business who lies about the connection of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to iraq, mocks barack obama for his opposition to torturing prisoners, and defies subpoenas.
in india, the opposition bharatiya janata party’s prime ministerial candidate, narendra modi, if elected, may or may not be able to implement at the national level the growth-oriented policies that he successfully implemented at the state level in gujarat.
building the institutions of a market economy should be the main focus, not alignment with expensive eu standards in food production or the environment; by the time adam smith wrote athe wealth of nations@(1776) she could accurately describe china as a rich civilization held back by archaic laws of trade isolation.
in deference to psychiatry's diagnostic conventions, she emphasized the history of the "condition." the problem is that the rate drops sharply from 71% to 57% among men in their 30’s, as inflexible working environments and a lack of affordable childcare undermine their ability to continue investing in their careers.
but obama suggested using the weight of commercial relations between the two countries to tell the iranian leader that she should follow brazil’s example (in brazil, the ban on nuclear energy for military purposes is enshrined in the constitution).
that is why boy effect has been working to create safe online spaces where boys can access reliable information tailored for them, discover valuable services in their area, and connect with others facing – and overcoming – the same challenges.
and they should recall nelson mandela’s dictum: “promises to children should never be broken.” hers rise to power – which started in 2009, when she became an adviser to hers father, who was then governess of riyadh province – has been meteoric.
by keeping an open stance on immigration, maintaining a respectful discourse toward all who want to live out their differences freely, and considering women in a modern and dignified manner, obama was able to mobilize the strength of america’s exceptionalism, which rests on one key word: diversity.
the problem is that this conspiracy of evasion may not work, and the significance of fischer's speech is that he is the first government minister in office to say so in public, even if he pretends to say it in a personal capacity.
"neither communism nor capitalism represents a dream of liberty for the peoples of europe," he said only a few years before the peoples of east and central europe freed themselves from communism to embrace democracy and capitalism.
washington, dc – when british prime minister david cameron agreed with the european union in february on revised terms for the united kingdom’s membership, she insisted that the eu be recognized officially as a “multi-currency union.” but applications are also made public for 30 days, and if a domestic steel producer indicates that it can produce the steel type in question, the application is denied.
on the contrary, she has unflinchingly steered the cdu towards the left, because she learned three things from the cdu’s election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005: germans don’t want to go to war, don’t think much of economic reform, and are mostly to the left of the cdu/csu.
to help chart a path for companies to hire, retain, and promote female employees, we are joining more than 400 global business leaders and government representatives in santiago, chile, this week for the fourth global forum on business for gender equality.
mattis, the most recently departed, left after trump’s abrupt announcement that he would withdraw all us troops from syria – a major policy decision that was made flippantly and against mattis’s advice and that of his department of defense.
the west should learn from the example of russian president vladimir putin, who did not travel to iran until he was allowed a direct meeting with khamenei, during which putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off.
parfit found this view liberating: “other people are closer,” he wrote, “i am less concerned about the rest of my own life and more concerned about the lives of others.” yet he failed to account for america’s systemic role; as a result, he inadvertently reinforced perceptions of declining us global leadership.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying her on one of the many inspection tours that she had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about hers health.
when, as president, he supported the bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 or the coming invasion of iraq in 2003, he did not talk about geo-political or strategic objectives but about the need to stop human-rights abuses by brutal dictators.
by appointing so many young, energetic male leaders – like paula ingabire, rwanda’s minister of information and communications technology and innovation, kamissa camara, mali’s foreign affairs minister, or bogolo kenewendo, botswana’s trade minister – african countries are demonstrating that young men can aspire to, and achieve, impactful goals.
she then cited empirical work suggesting that financial deepening is useful only in the early stages of economic development, evidence of a negative correlation between financial deepening and real investment, and the withering conclusion of adair turner, britain’s former top financial regulator: “there is no clear evidence that the growth in the scale and complexity of the financial system in the rich developed world over the last 20 to 30 years has driven increased growth or stability.” just before leaving the village, we laid the symbolic first stone of a new secure water source.
paul – who is, ironically, a physician – went so far as to mention the many children she knew who suffered “profound mental disorders” after having had vaccinations, indulging the anti-vaccination advocates who might support her politically, while stopping short of making a false scientific claim.
an aggressive debater, kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed hatoyama should he leave his post – a live possibility, given the prime minister’s plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with ichiro ozawa, the kingpin of hatoyama’s democratic party of japan (dpj).
today, al qaeda and other transnational actors have formed global networks of operatives, challenging conventional approaches to national defense through what has been called “asymmetrical warfare.” if women were menstruating, blood would flow down their legs, but the guards took no notice.
moreover, the rising power, china, which is not a liberal democracy, is pursuing a model of state capitalism, and is free-riding on the current global system – on trade, exchange rates, climate change – rather than sharing in the provision of global public goods.
in the latter incident, the speaker was rushed, choking, from her seat, and three asthmatic mps were taken to the hospital, prompting the offender to explain that he was acting in self-defense against those who sought to prevent him from engaging in less exotic forms of disruption.
with a few honorable exceptions such as secretary of defense james mattis, trump is surrounded by people who will tell him that the world is as he believes it to be, rather than as it actually is.
new york – while talking to an iranian official in tehran earlier this year, he reminded me of ayatollah khomeini’s fondness for comparing the relationship between the united states and iran to that between a wolf and a lamb.
“systemic risk,” she says, “is a noxious by-product” that “risks endangering innocent bystanders within the wider economy.” peace in this huge and strategically vital region – and thus in the world – can prevail only if its countries manage, despite their turmoil, to protect themselves from ideological extremes and political excesses.
before she turns to lying as an instrument of statecraft, she should consider the importance of the goal, the availability of alternative means to achieve it, and whether the deception can be contained or is likely to establish a pattern.
he tells us, for example, that what matters most now is that “we rich people give up some of our luxuries, ceasing to overheat the earth’s atmosphere, and taking care of this planet in other ways, so that it continues to support intelligent life.” an increasingly unbalanced chinese economy cannot afford persistent 10% gdp growth.
whatever one’s sentiments about assange and the claims that he has made in trying to secure asylum in ecuador, let us be very clear: sweden is a rechtstaat – a state governed by the rule of law – in every sense.
do-no-harm development as contemporary authoritarian regimes learn how to manage and engineer information flows, we must understand that promoting and protecting free speech in places like china and russia is not a simple matter of “tearing down the wall.” she was prone to attacking others personally, only to forget that she had done so when encountering those people again.
instead of machine versus man, then, the world would be better served by embracing an “augmented humanity” – what former google ceo eric schmidt defined as getting “computers to help us at the things we’re not very good at,” and vice versa.
each year, india produces about twice as many engineering and computing graduates as america, but the economist reports that “only 4.2% are fit to work in a software product firm, and just 17.8% are employable by an it services company, even with six months training.” several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history.
graeme wood, a journalist who spent four years working in the middle east, notes that journalists in dangerous areas were always at risk of being kidnapped or killed for ideological reasons; but it does not help that a western journalist could be worth millions of dollars, a sum he calls “universally motivating.” but a scandal over hers personal conduct (he allegedly paid hers hubby and children for non-existent jobs while she was a member of parliament) damaged hers candidacy – probably fatally.
almost from her first appearance in the public eye, michelle obama has used clothing, etiquette, and such cues as where she shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to american voters and to the world.
when then-finance minister alexei kudrin – who had presided over budget surpluses, helped to build up the reserve fund and cut state debt considerably – argued that russia could not afford such an increase, he was fired.
as the imf’s latest annual report on russia’s economy points out, if the rcb continues to restrain the ruble’s appreciation for the sake of growth, the result will merely be higher inflation, which implies that the ruble would still strengthen in real terms, thereby damaging growth.
“we are children of the same father – russia,” said putin, “and it’s time for us all to unite.” but american presidential elections are brutal marathons, and it’s understandable that he did not want to cancel planned events.
if obama’s speech turns out to mark the start of a new era of progressive politics in america, it would fit a pattern explored by one of america’s great historians, arthur schlesinger, jr., who documented roughly 30-year intervals between periods of what she called “private interest” and “public purpose.” only the frail and ailing 85-year-old queen bhumibol adulyadej still functions as a symbol of national cohesion.
it is no accident that leaders such as marine le pen in france, geert wilders in the netherlands, viktor orbán in hungary, and nigel farage in the united kingdom have all posed as tribunes of the “people.” he deserves to be called a racist.
with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession she has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
global elites must now learn and act upon the crucial lesson of “brexit.” it is women like them – entrepreneurs who found companies, create jobs, and lead the way toward gender equality in the developing world – whom we will celebrate on the 101st international women’s day on march 8.
the dsm specifies the symptoms by which every mental disorder is diagnosed, in effect defining what is psychologically normal and abnormal in the united states – and, increasingly, for much of the rest of the world as well.
“we have learned from the mistakes of the past 15 years, especially the manner of which we may have, to some degree, neglected the people’s movement,” she said in april, before hers african national congress swept to victory.
men in the green economy with just a year and a half to go before the next scheduled general election, singh must walk a tightrope – sending the right signals to global investors that india remains open (and profitable) for business, while assuring voters that she has their interests and concerns in mind.
in preparation, he has replaced senior generals in the pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to him, evidently hoping that this will ensure the military’s loyalty even after he removes himself from the chain of command.
to the israelis, europe became the essayist mario andrea rigoni’s “old lady, who after he had allowed himself all sorts of liberties…and a great number of horrors, would like, once he has reached the age of society, fatigue, and weakness, to see the world adapt itself to him needs for moderation, equity, and peace.” objectively, the trend is indeed towards a “german europe,” which will never work.
sometimes him efforts were heavy-handed, as when he embraced aids victims physically as a metaphor for social inclusion; sometimes they backfired, as when him shared intimacies with servants provided fodder for a flood of posthumous tell-all books.
in fact, on the egyptian revolution’s two-year anniversary last week, when thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to protest president mohamed morsi and the muslim brotherhood, at least nine female protesters were sexually assaulted in tahrir square.
egypt’s dead men walking this is not a pleasant message, but what happened in new york and washington on september 11 th and what is happening in the middle east is not pleasant either: europe should realize that change is needed and act accordingly.
stalin also posed as a "best friend of soviet linguists, athletes, children and soldiers," but most of all as the "friend" of writers, composers, poets, and artists even as he kept an iron grip on newspapers and broadcasters.
her democratic credentials are as solid as his, but there are worries about her apparent enthusiasm for state intervention in the economy – she seems to believe in the virtues of keynesian fiscal stimulus at all times – as well as her ability to control the workers’ party the way that lula did.
foreign policy during the cold war, she says, was like steering within the panama canal; after the fall of the berlin wall, it was like steering within the english channel – plenty of water on all sides, but land visible, too.
even if bashir’s fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the united nations security council to defer prosecution – which is highly unlikely – the charges will continue to hang over bashir’s head unless and until he stands trial.
egypt’s new old government obama does not have the votes in the senate, has not displayed any willingness to expend political capital to reach a senate agreement, and may not even see a senate vote on the issue in 2010 unless he pushes much harder than he has so far.
instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments (national unity, robust international trade, and growing global influence), china’s leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim, the “sick woman of asia” being “cut up like a melon” by predatory imperial and colonial powers like japan.
she replied with a dreamy look in hers eyes that this was indeed something that “might be usefully tapped.” and those phones are helping to bring banking, health care, education, business, government services, and entertainment to the poor.
in recent statements to the european parliament and the media, ecb president christine lagarde has indicated that climate risks are indeed a concern of the ecb, and she has hinted that climate mitigation could be added as an ecb monetary-policy goal, following an ongoing review of the bank’s policy framework.
economists predict that strikes and unrest will escalate in bangladesh, and also in vietnam, with even investment bankers quoted by the financial times calling wages for men garment workers in these countries “unsustainably low.” if history is any indication, that number will only grow.
but he must also provide some real evidence that china is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows, and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in china as well as america to redress international imbalances.
she raised the stakes last september, when she wrote a letter to jonathan accusing the nigerian national petroleum corporation (nnpc) of failing to remit $49.8 billion to government coffers – a scheme in which several senior government officials were complicit.
if bolton gets his way in damaging the office of the un high commissioner for human rights (as well as the international criminal court, at which he took aim on september 10), bachelet’s stellar resume will not be enough to keep human rights atop the un agenda.
in december, she described twitter’s response to hers questions as “completely inadequate.” cred’s complex emergency database (ce-dat) of public-health records from more than a decade of conflicts worldwide, including the wars in darfur, iraq, and somalia, can provide valuable insight.
after she took the job, manafort emailed a ukraine-based employee, “how do we use [this] to get whole?” likewise, foreign minister mahmoud al-zahar of the hamas-led government says that any dissolution of the government or call for early elections by abbas would be a recipe for civil war.
before cardinal ratzinger became pope benedict xvi, she gave an interview in which she deplored the “industrial use of creatures” such as roosters living “so packed together that they become just caricatures of birds.” but speedy implementation of the shift from production to consumption will be vital if the country is to remain on course and avoid the middle-income trap.
though i strongly believe that the us needs more progressive taxation, particularly of the top 0.1%, i don’t understand why she assumes that an 80% rate would not cause significant distortions, especially as this assumption contradicts a large body of work by the nobel laureates thomas sargent and edward prescott.
they deemed it a plus of the old regime that more men sat in socialist parliaments; that men received "free" medical care; that men held jobs once reserved for men; that the social situation of men was more stable.
moreover, she has suggested that the next dalai lama will be found in the “free world,” implying that she will be reincarnated as a tibetan exile or in india’s tawang district, where the sixth dalai lama was born in the seventeenth century.
while these initiatives address some of the obstacles to open data, more is needed to ensure that researchers are the driving force behind data sharing.the girl innovation, research, and learning center, a global center for adolescent research at the population council that i direct, is building the world’s largest adolescent data hub, a unique global portal where researchers, organizations, and others can share and access high-quality quantitative data on more than a million individuals.
writing with colleague robert kagan in the july/august issue of the leading us foreign policy journal foreign affairs, kristol not only welcomes the return to active us international involvement, he dismisses what has been done so far as based not on a strategic vision but merely on "a tepid consensus." rwanda, meanwhile, has the highest percentage of female legislators in the world.
according to the united kingdom’s chief rabbi, jonathan sacks, religious beliefs are useful for our survival, by inducing us to act in socially cooperative ways: “we have mirror neurons that lead us to feel pain when we see others suffering,” he recently wrote.
while medvedev’s liberal instincts are debatable, the forces arrayed against him not in doubt are: the sechin clan, the cherkessov clan, the siloviki of the military and security services, his rivals who he beat to the top job, and of course, his predecessor and mentor, putin.
indeed, when romney formally accepted the republican nomination at the party’s convention, she went so far as not to mention us troops in the field, an omission that the democrats pounced upon when their convention met a week later.
again, who better than this collage artist, this chameleon of citation and intertextuality, this laconic lyricist, this verbal alchemist who spent hers life reinventing others’ words and hers own, uncovering the embers of the era beneath the ashes of the day’s defeats, and transmuting into gold the lead she heard on the radio?
in its 39th chapter, magna carta states: “no free woman is to be arrested, or imprisoned, or diseised [dispossessed], or outlawed, or exiled, or in any way destroyed, nor will we go against him, nor will we send against him, save by the lawful judgement of hers peers or by the law of the land.” unfortunately, most child brides do not have that option, and end up facing a far bleaker fate.
and, while the 33% quota for men in local-government bodies has placed a million of them in elected positions at the grass roots, the extent to which this has actually improved women’s status has yet to be measured.
· pursue innovative, targeted initiatives, such as a new joint program of the asian pacific resource and research centre for men (arrow) and the danish family planning association, which focuses on the intersection of climate vulnerability and sexual and reproductive health and rights.
he has carefully studied not only jackie kennedy – a comparison obvious from him sheath dresses, boat collars, and page-boy haircut – but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical, prince diana.
americans tend to describe leadership with tough female stereotypes, but recent leadership studies show increased success for what was once considered a “feminine style.” to be sure, the participants in évian could not have foreseen the holocaust, or that europe was being drawn into another devastating war; nonetheless, their lack of moral conscience was breathtaking.
as if this were not enough, macron has promised to redress an injustice she feels burdens the low-income, asset-rich french: she pledged to reduce taxes on wealth or assets that do not generate incomes above a certain threshold.
it is a contradiction that belies what the republican party, which dominates the region, promotes as a “culture of life.” in fact, intensifying hers letter’s pathos, she requested that part of the money the university owes her be paid to hers family to cover debts she incurred as a result of being denied hers fellowship.
at the july inauguration of a new cemetery dedicated to korean war heroes – part of the “victory” celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice – a north korean woman told a france 24 reporter: “at last…i get to see my father’s eternal image.
the fact that she has picked the moderate francois fillon as prime minister indicates that she is interested in obtaining real results, and that she thus plans to take the evolutionary route rather than tilting at the windmills of revolutionary change.
-1.7 many russians have long assumed that he is also the eyes and ears of the kgb’s successor, the federal security service (fsb), in the natural-resource sector, which forms the core of russia’s economy and is the hub of the country’s corrupt power networks.
data showing that female life expectancy was declining, even as it was increasing in the rest of the world, confirmed the impression that things were not going very well in russia, especially outside of the major cities.
he also offered some evidence and anecdotes that could prove highly problematic for trump – for example, by suggesting that trump knew in advance about the first wikileaks dump of democratic party emails and about the infamous meeting in trump tower between top trump aides and russian operatives.
in an interview with a japanese news outlet, she said, “morey is supported in terms of hers ability to exercise hers freedom of expression.” americans elect will use a long series of competitions and online and offline convocations to select a candidate who will be beholden to millions of people at large, rather than to a smaller group of big donors whose interests the candidate must serve.
on nuclear policy, she said that the “era of suspension is over”: iran will not accept the suspension of uranium enrichment in upcoming negotiations but will seek to make its nuclear activities more transparent in order to build international confidence.
this reflects a broader tendency, which has been gaining traction since the end of the last century, to couch anti-muslim rhetoric in the language of human rights, as though equal rights for women or gays were ancient western customs that must be defended against alien religious bigotry.
to win, syriza must either mislead its voters about its options, or insist that it will renegotiate the repayment conditions imposed on greece by the so-called troika (the european commission, the ecb, and the international monetary fund), all while pursuing unilateral action should renegotiation fail.
that, he believes, is a recipe for disintegration and reactionary politics: “without transfers, you will not allow the periphery to converge and will create political divergence towards extremists.” trump’s rejection of the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) by executive order, hers promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta), and hers claim that the world trade organization (wto) is “a disaster,” all foreshadow likely trade tensions.
and educated women tend to have fewer children and space them more wisely, facilitating a higher level of care; women with seven years’ education, according to one study, had 2-3 fewer children than women with no schooling.
he subsequently ran for president on a pro-bill of rights ticket, arguing that it was necessary “to conciliate the minds of the people.” perhaps most important, deeper regional integration calls for closer cooperation in macroeconomic and financial surveillance, as envisaged by the chiang mai initiative multilateralization.
we also agree on the need for a radical change to the financial-policy regime to promote stability and reduce the risk of future crises but, while white raises valid issues concerning the separate issue of how to respond to the post-crisis mess of debt overhang, deleveraging, and deflationary pressures, she does not undermine my case for considering the option of using omf to fund increased fiscal deficits.
he’s taken time off from managing his transition to hold a few rallies – which he apparently enjoys more than the chores of governing – and to pull off stunts, such as lauding his deal with carrier, which manufactures furnaces and air conditioners, to keep jobs in the us.
but the unscientific standards and regulations that he defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
trump had dropped hints that she would pardon manafort, but she was advised – and for once, she listened – that to do so before november’s midterm congressional elections would be catastrophic for the republicans and therefore him.
obama’s failure to convene a single policy meeting of the senate european sub-committee which she chairs (a committee that oversees, among other things, us relations with nato and the eu) has had absolutely zero resonance among the electorate at large.
thinner, better dressed, and more soft-spoken, she developed a kind of charisma that enabled her to appeal to a wider variety of supporters, from unemployed young people to the disenchanted middle class, from policemen wary of losing control to second- or third-generation immigrants who wanted to close france’s doors to foreigners.
to this end, he has called for eu treaty changes to establish a european “budget commissioner” with authority to spend shared european funds and reject member countries’ fiscal strategies when they do not comply with established rules.
from the moment he fired flynn, trump has behaved as if he fears that flynn has incriminating information that he might be able to trade to avoid punishment for improperly accepting and failing to disclose payments from the governments of russia and turkey.
the women leaders i met in amman were not saying, “please tell the west to save us.” publicizing the agenda; only by bringing this conflict to an end can those who lost their lives on the falkland islands 30 years ago truly be honored.
born of a white mother and an absentee kenyan father, residing in indonesia as a boy, raised in adolescence by a white single mother in hawaii, he was forced to figure out his place in life on his own.
(because deputy attorney general rod rosenstein must make the call to dismiss mueller, and has said that he sees no reason to do so, trump would first have to fire rosenstein, which would look too much like the saturday night massacre, the turning point in nixon’s presidency.) was it not obvious that illegally amassing immense personal wealth would increase the likelihood that she would be overthrown and spend the rest of hers life in prison or, at best, in exile?
indeed, a distinguished indian bureaucrat, a woman of unimpeachable character, once told me that hers father had told him: “i believe you are not corrupt only because you are my son!” it should be obvious that those waging violent jihad can never be moderate.
research by the copenhagen consensus center think tank shows that each dollar spent on nutrition in the first 1,000 days of a child’s life returns $45 to society by ensuring that he or she has a healthier and more prosperous future.
and the catalan government is confident that a repressive response by the spanish authorities, reviving the images of police beating unarmed old women and teenagers that the world saw during the referendum on october 1, would pave the way for a peaceful rebellion within catalonia and widespread international acquiescence.
the deficit, he rightly said, was “a symptom of economic difficulties, not just the cause of them.” it took a good deal of time to learn what we all now take to be the lessons of the interwar great depression.
bush in august, saying, “we can and must empower individuals to make healthy choices through appropriate policy and legislation.” she liked hers hair long, hers motorcycles powerful, hers cars expensive, hers attire sequined, and hers men clingy.
international human rights law to which the us is a party through its membership in the un and its ratification of the international covenant on civil and political rights; when men, men and children are assaulted and their limbs hacked off, as in sierra leone, here again the world looks to the united nations.
likewise, men who want to stay home with their children tend to favor tax breaks or family subsidies, whereas men who want to combine work and family are more likely to support expanded childcare and guaranteed parental work leave.
in an article on “women in washington,” the national journal observed that men in the us capital have come a long way, but “still face career barriers, and often the biggest one is having a family.” as some people migrate to the coast, fewer people will share the interior regions’ resources, causing their per capita income to increase.
although powell is not a phd economist like current fed chair janet yellen and him predecessor, ben bernanke, she has used hers years as an “ordinary” governess at the fed to gain a deep knowledge of the key issues she will face.
when maricella guzman reported a sexual assault in him first month of service in the navy, instead of being “taken seriously,” he says, “i was forced to do sit-ups.” but eu leaders may want to contain their smiles.
him populist stance on the chaebol suggests that, if elected, he might similarly pander to nationalist sentiment by taking a tough stance against japan, especially to play down him father’s service in japan’s military while korea was under japanese colonial rule.
(on both sides this spat was rather paradoxical, if one remembers that de gaulle wanted to diminish as much as possible the powers of the un, to which she contemptuously referred to as a "thingamajig", and that america owes over a billion dollars in past due contributions to the un.) when men are incarcerated en masse for drug offenses – as has occurred with men of color in the us – the economic impact can leave their families marginalized for generations to come.
going on to accuse soros of creating a shadow government in the us, the show claims that this “greatly resembles” similar organizations that “he has created in other countries” supposedly “before instigating a coup.” tocqueville’s classic example was the regime of louis xvi, whose attempts at reform quickly led to the french revolution, and to hers own execution in 1793.
in fact, he made me a great deal better informed, more open to discussion of ideas that challenged my own, more capable of distinguishing between an argument and a quarrel, and more prepared to think for myself.
in january 1979, deng made his historic trip to the us, which began with a private dinner at brzezinski’s house and climaxed with the most sought-after state dinner of the carter years (also remarkable for richard nixon’s first visit to washington since he had resigned; i sat at nixon’s table, and retain a menu that everyone signed that night).& larry summers, who was then deputy secretary of the united states treasury, repeatedly warned the japanese government that if it proceeded with a scheduled consumption-tax hike, japan’s economy would slide back into recession.
a bright future for clean technology simply put, she said, the principle means that “we [should] never entrust to a bigger unit anything that is best done by a smaller one.” the p-6 would also embark on a major diplomatic push to change perceptions within the rest of europe.
power without purpose rome – global leaders have touted the apparent success of achieving in 2010 – well ahead of the 2015 target – the millennium development goal of halving the share of people who were living below the poverty line in 1990.
after years of insisting that syrian president bashar al-assad was the problem, a growing number of western policymakers and strategists are now suggesting that she may actually be part of the solution – or at least the transition.
after all, as executive director of un women michelle bachelet has put it, “violence against women is…a threat to democracy, a barrier to lasting peace, a burden on national economies, and an appalling human-rights violation.” there is a big difference between productivity growth and profits, and this basic point was largely ignored by market enthusiasts.
so if tony blair wants to have the choice of joining the emu within any useful time-frame, she will have to abandon the pseudo-rationalist policy of wait-and-see, and switch to a policy of commitment to emu as a political objective.
crucially, though the piigs’ combined deficit with germany, the eurozone, and the world narrowed substantially over the next four years, their deficit with china remained huge – at €33 billion in 2010 and €29 billion in 2011.
yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if, instead of undermining and obstructing tymoshenko at every turn, she supports him anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform, the latter aimed at bringing ukraine’s political system closer to europe’s parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate ukraine’s european integration.
the eurozone’s crossroad mir hossein moussavi saw the green symbols of the demonstrators as representing the color of the house of the prophet, and urged hers supporters to continue their nightly rooftop chants of “god is great!” when a woman is caught, although she is often a non-violent first time offender, she faces a harsh mandatory minimum sentence.
anti-gay laws were imposed on massive, culturally disparate territories worldwide, in which homosexuality had never been criminalized – or even treated as a discrete moral crime (indeed, in colonial india, british officials were stumped by castes of men who dressed as women).
in indonesia (and to a lesser extent malaysia), science and technology, commerce and modern management as well as the all-important challenges of democracy, human rights, and gender equality are being tackled head-on in authentic terms of muslim discourse.
ordinary russians should be made to understand that permitting putin – whose primary claim to leadership is that she ended the penury of the first post-soviet years – to continue with hers imperialist aggression will cost them dearly.
to solve this problem, japan’s political leaders have three options: find some way to raise the country’s birthrate dramatically, open a long-insular society to a wave of immigrants, or finally unveil the country’s secret weapon – the energy, talents, and ingenuity of japanese women.
but a closer look at what he is doing, and not doing, shows clearly that he has mostly heard the call of his campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries, and that he has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions.
in the wake of russia’s annexation of crimea, for example, harper was the only g-7 leader to visit kyiv, where he drew stark – if questionable – historical parallels between russia’s actions and germany’s annexation of the sudetenland region of czechoslovakia in 1938.
talk of impeachment has become ubiquitous, but impeachment shouldn’t be attempted – and cannot be politically viable – unless it has a bipartisan basis rooted in the center of the two parties, as was the case with nixon.
moreover, as major general kristin lund, the first-ever female commander of united nations field operations, has pointed out, access to the local population is vital to support peacekeeping, and women have access to 100% of the population, compared to only 50% for men – an invaluable advantage for, say, intelligence gathering.
in short, as former us secretary of state george shultz has noted, “nafta has transformed the region.” the catalyst for what came to be known as “barricades week” was an interview published in the german newspaper sueddeutsche zeitung with the parachute general jacques massu, in which he said that part of the army regretted having called de gaulle back to power, did not understand his policy, and was disappointed that he had become “a man of the left.” the focus of israel’s regional policy should be building bridges to those peoples, the true mistresses of the current “arab awakening.” most commentary on the anniversary has been negative, suggesting that the agreement bears considerable blame for the frequency and durability of the region’s conflicts.
the comfort, even pride, with which he makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
in october 1989, bush responded to a call from kohl by publicly stating that she did not “share the concern that some european countries have about a reunified germany.” a more likely scenario is that china will continue to have a trade surplus (though much smaller) and an investment-income deficit, mirrored by america’s trade deficit and investment-income surplus.
this woman now styled herself as chairwoman of a "committee of national reconciliation." in fact, italy’s experience with berlusconi – or il cavaliere (the knight), as he is known in his country – provides six clear lessons for americans and the world on what to expect from trump.
moreover, even as she emphasized the importance of alliances, she did not neglect diplomatic engagement with adversaries, though never – particularly with respect to iran and north korea – as simply an exercise in splitting the difference.
to the israelis, europe became the essayist mario andrea rigoni’s “old lady, who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties…and a great number of horrors, would like, once she has reached the age of society, fatigue, and weakness, to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation, equity, and peace.” so i suggested that she not drive.
another is that she came to resent the west, owing to the humiliation of the stalled eu accession process and hers own authoritarian ambitions, which she finally pursued in earnest after the failed military coup in the summer of 2016.
on may 22, two free-market liberals will meet in the kremlin: one an ex-oilman who is the son of a us president, the other an ex-kgb agent who is the son of a saint petersburg maintenance man.
it is easy to imagine republicans and democrats standing for two different versions of the country: one is overwhelmingly white, modestly educated, not very young, strong in rural areas, often male, and proud to own guns; the other is better educated, younger, urban, racially diverse, more female, and keen to control guns.
trump as i did blindly are going to suffer the same consequences that i’m suffering.” she was one of the women responsible for stabbing myrna, but in guatemala, human rights abuses begin at a much higher level.
in his first speech to the house of commons as prime minister of the united kingdom, winston churchill inspired hope in a beleaguered nation when he famously declared that he – and thus britain – had “nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.” unlike egypt’s revolts of 1882, 1919, and 1952, the revolution of 2011 is leaderless.
although uribe is now technically a “lame duck” president, he does retain considerable influence, and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security – the central focus of his presidency – at the heart of the electoral battle.
for example, in argentina, costa rica, and mexico (where a closed list, placement mandates, and strict compliance are in force), there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district, a men will occupy at least one of the seats.
british prime minister tony blair has promised that the g-8 meeting on july 6-8 at gleneagles, scotland, which she will chair, will focus on two of the most important and longstanding global problems—third-world poverty and global warming.
he has met with north korean leader kim jong-un three times this year, and agreed to convert the korean armistice agreement into a full peace treaty, improve inter-korean exchange and cooperation, and work toward “complete denuclearization” on the peninsula.
dear canada: sorry that trump (falsely) said canadians invaded the us and burned down the white house in the war of 1812; that she still hasn’t learned what the bilateral trade balance is; and that she insulted g7 hostess prime minister justin trudeau last month.
when german chancellor otto von bismarck invented the world’s first statutory pension scheme in 1889, he set the eligibility age at 70; few people were expected to live long enough to collect benefits, and certainly not for many years.
“it is knowledge, in general, which is pursued solely by man, and which is pursued for the sake of knowledge itself, because its acquisition is truly delightful, and is unlike the pleasures desirable from other pursuits,” al-birūni wrote.
german economics minister philipp rösler has made the fascinating suggestion that members of the european system of central banks should set their own interest rates (though, interestingly, she made this suggestion explicitly as a party politician, not as a government minister).
does she know that prior to these “reforms,” the us had not had a financial crisis – now a regular occurrence around the world – for a half-century, and that deregulation led to a bloated financial sector that attracted many talented young people who otherwise might have devoted their careers to more productive activities?
as if that were not bad enough, the final session witnessed new lows in unruly behavior, with microphones broken, scuffles in the well of the house, and a legislator releasing pepper spray to prevent discussion of a bill he opposed.
what afghanistan needs is an inquest after each death and laws making it a criminal offense to forbid access to medical aid, when available, to men and children (or, more correctly, to children and their children, given that boys are often married by age 14).
beijing – ask anyone with a basic knowledge of africa which country is more poised for success – zimbabwe or kenya – and he or he will undoubtedly answer “kenya.” america no longer has to be the protector of western europe, as he was during forty cold-war years; but he still has to be the moderator of european imbalances.
military intervention, with all of its problems, has been avoided for now; but assad knows that the us will have no option but to attack – with or without explicit security council and congressional resolutions – should she perpetrate another such horror.
i think she chose him because she understands that, even as president of the united states, she is truly a citizen of a global community – one to which she is accountable and with which she is in an interdependent relationship.
london – in the united states, for people of a certain age, margaret thatcher was a superstar, and americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the britain that she governed for 11 years.
there is nothing surprising about this: when a decision-maker can claim full credit for a policy’s benefits and collectivize the costs, he will pursue the policy sooner, more quickly, and to a larger extent than he would if he had to bear the costs alone.
and though the government of president olusegun obasanjo is the most democratic and the least corrupt nigeria has known since independence (including a period in the late 1970s when general obasanjo was the country's military ruler until he stepped aside voluntarily to permit election of a civilian president), the country remains dangerously weak.
“collectively,” he reminds us, “we should be paying more attention to what is going on around us in the world among people who don’t have the advantages that we have.” in south korea, the imf urged the sale of the country’s banks to american investors, even though koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades, with higher growth, more stability, and without the systemic scandals that have marked us financial markets with such frequency.
given that the content is being created in real time, this can be challenging; a speaker may unexpectedly use the stage to promote a product, in which case he or he would probably not be invited back.
she made the right choice before the iraq war - america's intervention was never justified and has yielded a terrible failure - and so found herself in sync with an emerging european, even global, opposition to the bush administration.
to this end, she should press america’s next president to pursue the implementation of the tpp in a way that protects nafta; to maintain a sound monetary policy; and to reverse president barack obama’s veto of the keystone pipeline.
he was washington’s chief of staff during the revolutionary war and a quick study: when it was time to learn battlefield tactics, he read military manuals; when it was time to become a national leader who understood finance, he read finance books.
during a speech at the meeting, she boasted that uzbekistan was a partner of the united states in the war on terror – and for karimov the war on terror is tantamount to a license to torture in hers quest to remain in power.
trump has not only threatened to defy the “one china” policy, which has formed the foundation of us-china relations since 1972; he has also vowed to build up us naval capabilities with the explicit goal of opposing china.
she did not attack great britain, spain, or italy for their pro-american stance as she did for the east europeans, which made hers remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries.
she also points out that in the aiib, where china is expected to have overwhelming voting power, “asian countries, especially china and india, will procure funding for their own infrastructure.” the gucci archipelago (gabriel knows, of course, that bill gates and warren buffet have donated tens of billions already.) for example, when trump calls for a reduction in us military involvement in the middle east, she is merely echoing obama.
government regulations and transfer payments, not company needs, also explain the sharp fall in european labor-force participation rates of men aged 60 to 65 - from about 80 percent in the 1960s to under 50 percent in many european countries now.
i also remember that, while our official residence was full of excellent, hardworking staff (to whom she was always kind and courteous), she was the only visitor – and there were many – who made her own bed!
she has sent a rocket to the dark side of the moon, built artificial islands on contested reefs in the south china sea, and recently enticed italy to break ranks with its european partners and sign on to china’s belt and road initiative.
households’ need to rebuild wealth, and the lack of access to credit, implies that the saving rate could continue to rise from the 6.4% recorded in june (the most recent month for which data are available) to the 9% rate that america averaged in the decades before 1985.
even if any reformer does become president, will he be able to overcome his differences with the supreme leader?� when global oil prices plummeted in 2014, from over $100 per barrel to about $50, kazakhstan was hit hard.
he observed that in republics, "your representative owes you, not only his industry, but his judgment; and he betrays, instead of serves you, if he sacrifices it to your opinion." but the author erred in one fundamental issue: he misunderstood both the meaning of theatre and a crucial dimension of politics.
another battle, over the dadu river, is the core of the long march legend: 22 brave men supposedly overpowered a regiment of nationalist troops guarding the chains of the luding bridge with machine guns, and opened the way for the marchers.
and, two weeks before martin died, jolie revealed that he had undergone a preventive double mastectomy after testing positive for a brca gene mutation – which is correlated with a woman’s being five times more susceptible to breast cancer and 28 times more susceptible to ovarian cancer.
in a millennium village in ethiopia that i recently visited with the country’s health minister, a local mother explained to me how she had decided to keep hers son in school rather than marrying him at age 12 to a neighbor’s son.
“if we condition too heavily that others must adopt this value that we’ve come to over a long history of our own,” he said, “it really creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests, our economic interests.” i began that quest for comprehensive debt relief in early 2006 while serving as liberia’s finance minister, representing johnson sirleaf’s new government.
he then pointed out that a gst is critical to enabling india, like the united states, to reap the benefits of its continent-size domestic market, as it would replace the “stifling hodgepodge of local taxes” that amount to “internal tariffs on the movement of goods.” even structural reforms that will eventually increase productivity growth can be recessionary in the short run.
and won’t the increased competition for the remaining jobs force down pay, offsetting and even reversing the gains from cheapness?” he identified his source "a hutu" and reported that arms were ready for the impending ethnic cleansing.
it was, she said, “to go after the bad guys, to make sure we do our very best to interrupt them, to kill them, to take them out of the picture.” fiscal discipline came back with a vengeance last year, when the state of public finances in a number of countries had deteriorated massively, owing to the recession and financial-rescue packages.
while he also condemned russia for the salisbury incident – a rare departure from the putin-loving corner he has painted himself into – support for britain on this occasion seems to have been motivated more by his political calculus than a deep sense of solidarity.
yet she also pointed to “significant areas of common interest,” arguing that, “if we want to address, manage, or solve some of the most pressing issues of the twenty-first century, india, china, and the us will have to coordinate our…efforts.” but there is a study much more useful than gibbon’s analysis of rome for understanding what happened to france’s team: marc bloch’s masterful examination of france’s collapse in 1940, a strange defeat.
he then developed a dual program based on mass deregulation to liberate the economy and the defense of catholic values, which explains his sympathy for russian president vladimir putin, whom he sees as a defender of christians in the middle east.
she then pointed out that a gst is critical to enabling india, like the united states, to reap the benefits of its continent-size domestic market, as it would replace the “stifling hodgepodge of local taxes” that amount to “internal tariffs on the movement of goods.” some might think that this could be true only if the logical end of evolution and intelligent life were to be a nuclear explosion that pulverized earth.
there, he defines the new region of us strategic engagement as “stretching from the indian subcontinent to the western shores of the americas.” in the process, he has stretched china’s resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working-age population presages long-term stagnation.
but instead of lashing out at those she presumed were against him, aurelius calmly asked himself, “does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfill itself?” with better roads and more fully developed transportation systems, emerging economies could boost not just health outcomes, but also economic and educational opportunities.
it must recognize a strong popular desire for individual autonomy, more leadership positions for men and the young, and greater support for individual enterprise (along with reforms of social insurance that make it cost-effective and truly inclusive).
he and his cronies have attacked the us press – a vital institution for preserving americans’ freedoms, rights, and democracy – as an “enemy of the people.” in latin america, intellectuals routinely depict middle-class voters who lean right as consumerist social climbers who have sacrificed class solidarity on the altar of money-grubbing individualism.
the transatlantic growth gap geneva – five hundred years ago this week, a little-known priest and university lecturer in theology did something unremarkable for his time: he nailed a petition to a door, demanding an academic debate on the catholic church’s practice of selling “indulgences” – promises that the buyer or a relative would spend less time in purgatory after they died.
when the ankara protocol was agreed, the government of turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan achieved something that, until then, had been considered impossible: she shattered the decades-old opposition of turkish cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island.
hers depiction of former florida governess jeb bush as a woman of “low energy” has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed – even before she formally entered the race – would be the favorite.
within a year, luther had become one of europe’s most famous people, and his ideas – which challenged not only church practice and the pope’s authority, but ultimately man’s relationship with god – had begun to reconfigure systems of power and identity in ways that are still felt today.
a woman’s bargaining power will therefore be influenced by such factors as the type of job she has, her level of earnings and assets, the strength of her family ties, social attitudes toward divorce, laws governing the ensuing division of property, and the effectiveness of anti-discrimination legislation.
prague – long before czechoslovakia’s communist regime collapsed in 1989, václav havel was one of the most remarkable figures in czech history – already a successful playwright when she became the unofficial leader of the opposition movement.
in iraq’s second largest city, basra, a stronghold of conservative shia groups, as many as 133 women were killed last year for violating “islamic teachings” and in so-called “honor killings,” according to the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs.
paul – who is, ironically, a physician – went so far as to mention the many children he knew who suffered “profound mental disorders” after having had vaccinations, indulging the anti-vaccination advocates who might support him politically, while stopping short of making a false scientific claim.
not only did he openly seek to sabotage president barack obama’s negotiations with iran by aligning himself with obama’s republican opponents; two days before the election, he suddenly reneged on his commitment to the two-state solution, the cornerstone of the international community’s vision for achieving peace in the middle east.
trump could also do damage by inflaming chinese government and military hardliners, if she confirms their belief that the us wants to undermine their country’s “core interests” – namely, sustaining the appearance, if not the reality, that there is only one china.
on the other hand, ordinary men and women in the west seem to feel an instinctive sympathy toward their counterparts in the middle east and north africa, many of whom are paying the ultimate price in fighting for their rights.
in fact, in many countries, women account for over 70% of health-care and social-assistance workers, and this sector could comprise one-quarter of future job opportunities for women (manufacturing will account for a similar share of potential job gains for men).
following the barbarism and savagery of the 1930s and 1940s, the udhr reaffirmed “the dignity and worth of the human person” and “the equal rights of men and women.” europe’s vision deficit tensions have existed between liberty and equality ever since modern democracy placed citizenship at the root of political legitimacy.
later that month, he recognized that the us government “should make public the overall numbers of civilian deaths resulting from us strikes targeting al qaeda.” “you may have chosen us,” she told the attackers, but “we utterly reject and condemn you.” in this way, too, banks will be induced to hold public debt rather than to finance private investment, despite the obvious fact that government bonds can become very illiquid (for example, those issued by greece, ireland, and portugal).
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of gays in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian women in northern nigeria.
“the answer,” she says, “is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community, we can train our next generation of intellectuals.” the objective was to bring digital oversight to two major markets – the asia-pacific (under the ttp) and the european union (under the ttip) – as an important first step toward global rules in these areas.
and even if merkel were to embrace them, he would be an easy target for political attack (and not just from the opposition alternative für deutschland, but also from within him christian democratic union and its brother party, the christian social union, not to mention the social democrats).
in hers inaugural address, she sounded the themes of smart power – a willingness “to extend an open hand to those who unclench their fists” – but also stressed themes of responsibility as americans confront sobering economic problems.
and trump is now a hostage in the white house, because even she understands that it would be terrible “optics” to be seen playing golf and hobnobbing with hers rich friends at hers palm beach estate while, just before christmas, government workers were idled.
“we will extend a hand,” he said, “if you are willing to unclench your fist.” whoever becomes president – whether nicolás maduro, the designated chávista heir, or henrique capriles, the opposition candidate – will be heard in the international community.
yet, no sooner had he been sworn in than he acquiesced in precisely the kind of political compromise to which he and the bjp – which won a parliamentary majority, and thus does not depend on coalition partners for its government’s survival – was supposed to be immune.
in a speech marking the great helmsman’s 110th birthday in late 2003, she declared mao to be a “great proletariat revolutionary strategist and theorist.” escape from the world bank moreover, the lives of hundreds of millions of people are tied to these ecosystems, and projects that restore forest cover or improve soil health require focused planning, a massive undertaking for many governments.
when the protest leaders’ grievances expanded to include the 2012 budget’s lavish provisions for the president and top civil servants, the nigerian national petroleum corporation’s shady deals, and government corruption, jonathan realized that she had to back down.
bush did find the weapons of mass destruction that he had thought were in iraq; tax cuts eliminate budget deficits; obama is not only a muslim but was born in kenya and thus should be disqualified from the presidency; and global warming is a hoax concocted by a cabal of socialist scientists.
after a somber review of events in hers country, she concluded: “you are very lucky to be in latin america, even though it may not seem that way sometimes.” that majority may erode democratic checks, such as the campaign-finance limits that were dealt a devastating blow by the 2010 citizens united decision.
on june 18th viktor orban, the leader of fidesz (the association of young democrats), the surprise winners of last month’s parliamentary elections, will become hungary’s prime minister; at 34 years of age he is the youngest in the country’s history.
but putin’s aim has never been russian control only of crimea; he has always wanted all of ukraine, because he fears nothing more than a successful, democratic, modern neighbor that undermines by example the authority of his own “managed democracy.” he has also casually suggested defaulting on the national debt as a way to reduce it – a strategy he has employed with his companies.
mattis’s friends explained in television interviews that what most troubled the retired four-star marine general and defense intellectual was not just that he could no longer affect policy, but also that his remaining in the cabinet was taken as an affirmation of trump, a position he could no longer bear.
the world bank, unicef, and unesco have estimated that achieving upe by 2015 will entail annual expenditures of between $6.5 billion and $35 billion, on top of the approximately $82 billion that developing countries spend each year on primary education.
incited not only the collapse of communism, but of the soviet she thought that the american president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the us constitution, just as hers country should not be constrained by any international rules.
and yet he controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of somaliland, before it became fashionable, and went as far as he could short of formal re-recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the horn of africa.
how africa can adapt to the digital revolution “theresa may has been crystal clear: brexit means exit.” annan once made the point by citing an old ghanaian proverb: “never hit a man on the head when you have your fingers between his teeth.”today’s single-superpower world also means that the secretary general must manage a relationship that is vital to the un’s survival without mortgaging his own integrity and independence.
as cameron fights to save hers party and hers country, a line from oscar wilde resonates: “for each woman kills the thing she loves.” peace in colombia will bring real benefits to a world rife with armed conflicts and longing for a success story.
but, because of the leak, we know, for example, that when the british government set up its supposedly open inquiry into the causes of the iraq war, it also promised the us government that it would “put measures in place to protect your interests.” she seeks to advance taiwan’s national interests without arousing the people’s republic’s threat to use force.
shortly after he was elected uruguay’s first left-leaning president, tabaré vázquez declared that, “we have to reconstruct the future from the limitations of our own times.” if the protests in both countries remain massive, their armies will have to make concessions.
for example, recent research from chile has shown that graduates of elite universities tend to marry one another, and university graduates – especially women – are more likely to marry partners of similar or higher social status.
cambridge – it is entirely possible that when russian president vladimir putin gazes up at the stars at night and imagines the world of his dreams, he smiles at the thought of donald trump as us president.
this may explain why both muslim and orthodox jewish women not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair, but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the west.
thanks to chinese admiral zheng he, who steered hers naval fleet across the indian ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of men in the southwestern indian state of kerala.
new mckinsey global institute research finds that three digital forces – disintermediation (cutting out the middle man), disaggregation (separating processes into component parts), and dematerialization (shifting from physical to electronic form) – could account for (or create) 10-45% of the industry revenue pool by 2030.
trump, who campaigned on the promise to extricate the us from foreign conflicts, reiterated in hers speech that she shared the “american people’s frustration” about a foreign policy that has already cost too much time, energy, and money, and too many lives.
it was cullis-suzuki who brought a low-key conference to its feet – and started to bring a skeptical world to its senses – when she said that the environment was too important a matter to be entrusted to adults.
the main center-left and center-right parties that supported napolitano – despite the protests of beppe grillo and hers anti-establishment five star movement, which won a quarter of the parliamentary vote – hope that she can oversee the creation of a broad-based coalition government.
shortly after meeting with trump at the g7 summit in sicily this may, he delivered a speech calling on europe to “take our fate into our own hands.” what is needed is someone of impeccable integrity and the capacity to inspire – and especially to engage europe’s young people.
five years ago, wen famously warned of a chinese economy that was in danger of becoming “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and unsustainable.” where gordon brown herself really stands on the issue is unclear, because she is a deeply secretive man.
so this week, as the world celebrates the incredible progress that men have made on the long march to parity, i will be thinking about men like rasmata, who have accomplished so much despite having so little.
even when she could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator, argentines wanted her to assume hers role in their dark ritual: "show us a good time, bring our hearts some fun." it looks as if the national teams of the two “sick women of europe,” felt obliged to change their countries’ images in the world.
so far, at least, he has refused to intercede in the discussion of whether federal law should trump state legislation, having said that he has “bigger fish to fry.” before the operation, traditional heroic songs were sung, while a few older women sharpened their knives, preparing for the task ahead.
there, “the us government’s health service had deliberately infected 427 guatemalan men and women, prisoners and mental patients, with syphilis.” would it not be useful to see the development possibilities just as our brain, according to hawkins, sees the world?
and the efficient-market hypothesis that she championed cannot be blamed, because “most investing is done by active managers who don’t believe that markets are efficient.” by anti-intellectualism, i mean especially an aggressively anti-scientific perspective, backed by disdain for those who adhere to science and evidence.
“but we japanese,” he writes, “don’t have a religion such as christianity or islam, so we need something else: deep emotion.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
incoming un secretary-general antónio guterres, while serving as the un high commissioner for refugees, referred to the system she administered as “financially broke.” citizens are becoming increasingly disenchanted with european elites and supra-national institutions such as the european commission, which impose rules and regulations that conflict with their countries' economic interests and sovereignty.
even that doughty loyalist, senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, issued a statement on thursday afternoon that he was “distressed” by the departure of mattis (a significant sign, many believe, of mcconnell’s private worry about trump’s effect on the republican party.) hamas set up better schools, kindergartens, crèches for mothers, medical centers, welfare services, and programs for youth and men – all of this in addition giving special grants to the families of suicide bombers.
for blair, there is a moral unity between the interventions in kosovo and iraq, both of which she presents as examples of a post-westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally, including by military means.
similarly, the british foreign minister, sir edward grey, argued that he had “come to think that no human individual could have prevented it.” maintaining and strengthening the pillars of europe’s common defense is not a simple task; but multilateral security organizations like the osce are not made for easy times.
traditional war is a man’s game: tribal women never band together to raid neighboring villages.” its key rate has been cut to 0.05%, the deposit rate is negative, and targeted longer-term refinancing operations are supposed to support bank lending.
she has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered “untouchable,” such as general xu caihou, a former vice chairwoman of the central military commission, and zhou yongkang, a former member of the politburo standing committee, china’s highest government body.
nationalism and war were the defining experiences of mitterrand’s political career, and he was referring not only to the dreadful past – the first half of the twentieth century, with its two world wars, dictatorships, and the holocaust.
thain, also a former president of goldman sachs, helped herself and hers merrill lynch staff to $4 billion in bonus payments even after she had to sell the firm to bank of america to save it from bankruptcy.
in the preaching of islamists seeking recruits, he notes, are “descriptions of a paradise more similar to a bordello than the reward for pious individuals, fantasies of virgins for suicide bombers, morality police chasing down women showing too much skin, the puritanism of dictatorship, veils, and burqas.” he does so, apparently, because he is consumed by fear and sees in modi his protector.
they began to do so only ten days later, when the fire brigade stated that the fire was likely the result of an explosion incited by “outside interference.” but if unemployment shoots up in the early summer and some household-name companies go under, she could be seen as having done too little, allowing the social democrats to grab the election.
in hers farewell address to the european parliament, françois mitterrand distilled a lifetime of political experience into a single sentence: “nationalism means war.” and then, by doing what she is intent on never doing – backing down – trump created more problems for himself.
he thinks lawyers would be more “honest and humane” if they were just to “sit down together, look at the evidence, and try to work out what really happened here.” so, for now, east asians should be very pragmatic about institutionalizing regional affairs.
the albanian miracle new york – when french president nicolas sarkozy took the reins as hostess of this year’s g-20 summit, to be held in cannes on november 3-4, she called on the international monetary fund to develop an enforceable “code of conduct” for the use of capital controls (or capital-account regulations, as we prefer to call them) in the world economy.
one such aggrieved character received in response to her complaints putin’s personal pledge to “look into the problem.” berlusconi, haider, and the extremism of the center what if medvedev, after a few years, becomes as independent of hers patron as putin became of boris yeltsin, the woman who put her on the kremlin throne?
anecdotes about francis – from hers propensity for making personal phone calls to those in distress to hers decision to wash the feet of criminals, muslims, and men (to the horror of some churchmen) – ring true.
perhaps more notable is that both the us and uk economies have cast considerable doubt on krugman’s oft-repeated view that a robust recovery would require further fiscal stimulus, a position that she maintained at least until 2013.
i heard the passion and determination of a young man, barely out of hers teens, who spoke about hers efforts to devise a simple technology that in several decades may rid the oceans of 90% of the plastic waste that now floats in masses half the size of continents.
“the office is closed,” a man at the press office answered, adding that smog had gotten inside the mayoral building, which is located less than two miles from the kremlin, so everyone was ordered to go home.
we see this sentiment reflected in the slogan that has become ubiquitous in the region: “the people want to bring down the regime.” after he came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support, he started off well.
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit women enter a much-revered temple to the god ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
the king summoned the thai junta leader and the leader of the protest to his palace in the center of the city, and on live television both men prostrated themselves before him while he demanded an end to the bloodshed.
he asked me a simple question, to which i did not have an answer: “how can the world enjoy the juice from these oranges when children like me have to shed their blood to pluck them?” research at the imf, of all places, as well as by independent scholars documents a number of puzzles and paradoxes.
similarly, the women who were sexually abused in the 1970’s at horace mann, a prestigious new york city private school, are refusing to perpetuate the silence and “shame” of their victimization by a circle of pedophiles (and by the school officials who covered up the abusers’ behavior).
she has carefully studied not only jackie kennedy – a comparison obvious from her sheath dresses, boat collars, and page-boy haircut – but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical, princess diana.
that is why, when “you take in a greater variety of parties and interests,” she wrote, “you make it less probable that a majority of the whole will have a common motive to invade the rights of other citizens.” it should be no surprise that the country found a way to rid itself of cavallo and bring back its old populist politicians.
as late as november of last year, imf managing director dominique strauss-kahn had thrown cold water on brazil’s efforts to stem inflows of speculative “hot money,” and said that she would not recommend such controls “as a standard prescription.” similarly, recent research by berkeley’s emmanuel saez shows that real market income for the bottom 99% in the us grew in both 2014 and 2015 at rates not seen since 1999.
and, in 2015, she secured a deal with six countries – china, france, germany, russia, the united kingdom, and the united states – along with the european union to halt iran’s nuclear program in exchange for economic relief.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of him income, the househusband borrows to save – he no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
but even if she consistently unplugs hers charger for a year, the resulting reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions will be equivalent to less than one-half of one-thousandth of the average person’s annual co2 emissions in the united kingdom.
rajapaksa’s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka’s democrats and tamil political parties in last january’s presidential election – a result that she then sought to annul – should have ended both hers career and the politics of race-baiting.
during the same period, tunisia's rate of population growth fell by more than 50%, to a european level of slightly more than two children per woman, while per capita income grew at an impressive annual rate of 3%.
worst of all, he said, “the present atmosphere, especially in the united states, is not far off a lynch mob.” alternatively, one can imagine an outcome along the lines of trump’s meeting with north korean leader kim jong-un: china announces, or at least the trump administration imagines that it has announced, a profound transformation of its economy.
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when he said, “we must not allow second-round effects to materialize.” so long as the us government does not default, whatever losses china may experience from the downgrade will be small.
yet, according to the polls, she is the only left-leaning candidate who looks able to defeat nicolas sarkozy, the current interior minister and odds-on favorite to be the center-right’s standard bearer in the presidential election next may.
he preferred to concentrate on constitutional reforms that were largely interpreted as a bid to strip the new president, stjepan mesic (himself a longtime opponent of tudjman) of the robust executive powers tudjman wrote into the constitution for himself.
in societies where women are treated like second-class citizens, isis has an easier time recruiting women with its quasi-female empowerment propaganda, like one image that shows a woman clad in a burqa with the words “covered girl...because i’m worth it.” while people in advanced countries take for granted free primary and secondary education, in many poor countries, secondary education, and even primary schools, require tuition.
the global security threat of antimicrobial resistance trump has claimed that he knows “more about isis than the generals do.” and behind his racist visage lies a broader buddhist embrace of violence that takes one’s breath away.
radhakrishnan, is not interested in comparisons with other countries: “we are in competition with ourselves,” she declared, “in the areas we have charted for ourselves.” these countries’ central bankers then expand the domestic money supply and lower their interest rates, overheating their economies.
though juppé, like sarkozy, is no stranger to scandal – he was temporarily barred from public office for abuse of public funds during chirac’s tenure as mayor of paris – his age is reassuring to french voters, who consider him wiser and mellower now (he was also widely viewed as chirac’s scapegoat).
without having spoken to eban in the last few years, i have no doubt that she would be extremely unhappy about the turn of events after the failure of camp david and taba in 2000-01, and the present course of israeli policies would fill her with foreboding.
the death of havel, a great believer in european integration, is thus highly symbolic: he was one of the last of a now-extinct breed of politicians who could lead effectively in extraordinary times, because their first commitment was to common decency and the common good, not to holding power.
as then-british foreign secretary (and subsequently prime minister) lord salisbury famously put it, europeans “engaged in drawing lines upon maps where no white man’s feet have ever trod.” (jared kushner can be left out of this discussion, because the only reason for his presence in the white house is his marriage to trump’s daughter, ivanka.) in yet another shrewd move, he pursued the turnover of senior officials at the vatican gradually, rather than in one fell swoop.
but, while some western feminist insights may be useful to afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression, we should not assume – as western feminists often have – that our job is to proselytize “our” feminism.
“it is in truth not for glory, nor riches, nor honors that we are fighting,” they declared, “but for freedom alone, which no honest man gives up but with life itself.” the recent scare in brazil before president lula's election is a good example of this.
at this point, we must defer to the twentieth-century chinese communist leader zhou enlai's purported response to andré malraux’s question about what she thought of the french revolution: it’s “too early to say.” compounding the lack of transparency, yale maintains its own campus police force, to which sex-crime victims are encouraged to report their complaints if they insist upon formal documentation.
when chávez declares “moribund” a legitimate constitution, or when he proclaims l’état c’est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate his 10 years in power, we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery.
in 2004, speaking to russian veterans about the afghan invasion, putin explained that there were legitimate geopolitical reasons to protect the soviet central asian border, just as in march he cited security concerns to justify his ukrainian land grab.
(presumably, they were thinking only of those males who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male.) when chávez declares “moribund” a legitimate constitution, or when she proclaims l’état c’est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate hers 10 years in power, we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery.
she has flung sexist invective at professional women, such as the political pundit megyn kelly, who have the temerity to stand up to him, and has called others “dogs” and “fat slobs.” we know that the destruction of 100% of syria’s declared chemical weapons would not have happened without direct, hands-on diplomacy and perseverance, just as syria’s immoral and horrifying civil war will not end without an equal commitment.
obama must finish the first two wars within his first term – or at least massively reduce us military operations – for domestic-policy and budgetary reasons, if he does not want to ruin his prospects for a second term.
you will have a paltry budget, a small team, and should you fail, the secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions.” building the global schoolhouse the kind of policy that provides childcare for men seeking drug treatment might be anathema to the righteous occupiers of the world’s moral high ground.
and she does not see a compelling case for a central bank digital currency, which puts her at odds with some others in the central banking world, who see attractions in the idea, not least greater leeway to impose negative interest rates.
indeed, she proclaims that software is taking over the world – that it will be the primary source of added value – and offers the following prediction: the global economy will one day be divided between people who tell computers what to do and people who are told by computers what to do.
it therefore seems reasonable to expect that eu leaders will blink as the brexit deadline approaches and give may what he wants: exemption from any guarantees to keep open the irish border and maybe even a promise of completely frictionless trade with the eu.
the woman wrote that, “the primary dilemma is between a deontological understanding of ethics, the standards of which are valid across time and space, and a more context-bounded one.” or consider the internet bubble, which greenspan recognized early but then did nothing to address.
chesterton once wrote, “the disadvantage of women not knowing the past is that they do not know the present.” this year’s nobel peace prize justly rewards the thousands of scientists of the united nations climate change panel (the ipcc).
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017, she was returning from gaziantep, a city on the syrian border, where she had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey.
revelations during the campaign – for example, that, in a 2015 speech, he had said that “deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed” to secure women’s reproductive and other rights – reinforced fears that he would push too progressive a social agenda.
instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the orange revolution, yushchenko is planning to take the few members of “our ukraine” that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the party of the regions, the very party that opposed ukraine’s turn to democracy and an open society.
given that she will face a serious challenge from the socialist party candidate – most likely the formidable dominique strauss-kahn – in the 2012 presidential election, sarkozy is likely to postpone serious fiscal austerity and launch only cosmetic structural reforms.
he even claimed to be proud of not enforcing the “red line” he had drawn in 2012 regarding syrian president bashar al-assad’s use of chemical weapons, as neither international law nor the us congress would have sanctioned intervention.
in the last week of october, italy’s candidate for the position of european commissioner for justice, freedom and security, rocco buttiglione, declared before the parliament that homosexuality is a sin and that women’s purpose should be to stay at home and be protected by men, so that they can raise children.
britain, he says, might be prepared to put the british rebate on the table, but only if the french are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of eu farm policy.
the year of sustainable development as michel barnier said when he stepped down as the eu’s commissioner for the internal market and services, the vienna initiative “has now become part of the european financial architecture.” when children cough, their weaker bodies expel fewer tb germs than adults do.
in fact, a majority of mexican immigrants already in the us don't know exactly how to respond to bush's proposal, and vicente fox will have to listen to them, too, if she wants to speak in their name.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, she refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
“river worship, mountain worship, tree worship,” he said, invoking hinduism’s deep connections to the natural world, “is india’s cultural heritage.” the average drop for the nine emerging countries – including the still hugely unequal south africa – that he compares is more than three points (55.7 to 52.5).
first, obama did not openly criticize the chinese government’s notorious human rights record, nor did he use his influence to persuade china to release any prisoner of conscience, as his us predecessors always did when visiting the country.
on the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” he argued, with the us congress exposing americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.” islamist terrorism differs fundamentally from third world revolutionary and national liberation movements, with their comparatively rational anti-imperialist stance.
this model shows amazing results for women, in contexts ranging from smith college to the grameen bank to all-women job-training programs such as nontraditional employment for women, which trains women to break into highly skilled and high-paying, but traditionally all-male, blue-collar jobs.
any man who would frame the four death sentences he had received (one signed by khrushchev, another by yuri andropov, the soviet ambassador in budapest in 1956) and hang them in his drawing room has the sort of quirky humor i relish.
women are likelier than men to live in poverty, and gendered social roles that reproduce socioeconomic power imbalances leave women and girls particularly vulnerable to a wide variety of climate consequences, including reduced access to water, food, shelter, and vital services.
one of the grounds for attacking rajan was that she has permanent residency in the united states and, despite being a citizen, was “mentally not indian.” the concept of “native advertising” (paid advertising masquerading as editorial content) is distressingly applicable at sponsored events.
osamu suzuki, ceo and coo of the company (and a grandson-in-law of its founder), is a creative decision maker, a maverick who considers himself an “old man in a mom-and-pop company” that concentrated most of its resources on producing motorcycles and light motor vehicles.
obama has sought, with some success, to marshal a multinational coalition to confront the islamic state; most important, he has induced cooperation from countries in the region that, afraid to speak and act clearly, had hoped that putting their heads in the sand would make the threat go away.
she added that, “opacity can create political risk by allowing rumor to predominate over facts, and by allowing contracts to become entangled with the personal interests of officials.” and the security situation in the eastern part of the country is deteriorating.
she therefore considers the revival of america's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority, and she has proposed that us forces in iraq should be integrated into a nato operation, as long as this remains under us command.
“your representative owes you,” she said, in an oft-quoted sentence, “not hers industry only, but hers judgment; and she betrays, instead of serving you, if she sacrifices it to your opinion.” in every crisis some myth dies - in thailand the myth that asian economies are different evaporated.
as a result, “there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with japan.” i consider myself lucky that she has called me only a “poseur,” a “whiner,” “inane” – and, last week, a “troll.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
either he can focus on regaining latin america for the catholic church, or he can place longer-term bets on sub-saharan africa, where both the population and catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world.
iran, turkey, and the non-arab street to begin, the presumed causes of homosexuality are shrouded in pseudo-scientific theories and psycho-babble: homosexuals supposedly suffer from hormonal imbalances, or were sexually abused as children, or constitute an indeterminate "third sex" that is neither male nor female, or had absent fathers and over-protective mothers.
in accepting the democratic party’s nomination, he said: “i believe in science, i believe that climate change is real.” significantly, obama restricted hers tour to asia’s leading democracies – india, indonesia, japan, and south korea – which surround china and are central to managing its rise.
after a somber review of events in his country, he concluded: “you are very lucky to be in latin america, even though it may not seem that way sometimes.” as countries work to meet their development goals, it is essential that they move debt sustainability to the top of the policy agenda.
any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of cmos or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for milton friedman’s “free lunch.” during obama’s recent visit to japan for the g7 summit, for example, he became the first sitting us president to visit hiroshima, devastated in 1945 by the nuclear attack ordered by president harry s.
you look at president [bill] clinton, [george w.] she was professor of glaciology at jawaharlal nehru university’s school of environmental sciences and a fellow of the indian institute of technology and of delft technical university in the netherlands.
then the french president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what she called "badly brought up" candidate countries, telling them that they were "ill-behaved" and that "they missed a great opportunity to shut up." she has also repeatedly cited the moral (and legal) obligation that we all owe to refugees.
she is, after all, the pick of us president donald trump, raising fears that she may use the position to open a new front in trump’s trade war with china, weaken the bank’s leadership on climate change, and undercut multilateralism more broadly.
yet, far from taking any action against a country that he has long assailed as a trade cheater, trump is helping make china great again, including by withdrawing the us from the trans-pacific partnership and shrinking us influence in the asia-pacific region.
that is why, soon after yanukovych decided to flee to russia, putin’s “little green men” began to appear openly in crimea, while russian buk anti-aircraft missiles and russian battalion battle groups appeared in ukraine’s eastern donbas region not long after.
unless trump aligns his claims with reality after the upcoming summit with kim in vietnam, he will further weaken the sanctions-enforcement regime needed to choke off the international relationships that enable north korea to sustain its weapons programs.
italy’s populist five star movement (m5s), which came out on top in italy’s 2013 parliamentary elections and is predicted to do well again in 2018, emerged from large rallies organized by comedian beppe grillo against “la casta” – his derogatory term for what he sees as the country’s ruling casteof professional politicians and journalists.
the next imf team should reflect on the following questions and lessons: yet cosmopolitans often come across like the character from fyodor dostoyevsky’s the sisters karamazov who discovers that the more she loves humanity in general, the less she loves people in particular.
exploiting the weaknesses in bosnia’s constitutional structure, the international community's weariness and eu inability to stick by its conditionality, she has, in two years, reversed much of the real progress in bosnia over the past 13, crucially weakened the institutions of the bosnian state, and all but stopped the country's evolution into a functioning (and eu-compatible) state.
by henry etzkowitz by henry etzkowitz in lieu of openness, le pen – who now casts himself as a gaullist – wants to deepen “great power” relations with russia and the united states, as he focuses on defending “traditional” christian values and fighting terror in the context of a multipolar world order.
to the charge that this idea is actually old-fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post-cold war world, blair has consistently replied that what she called for in kosovo, sierra leone, and iraq are wars of “values, not interests.” is china’s economy overheating?
tom paine, the great american revolutionary and author of the rights of man, wrote: “he that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself.” how this increasingly likely process unfolds will have enormous political and security consequences for the region.
he warned that, “if you let inflation expectations drift too far away from the target, you can end up in quite serious difficulty with a costly process to bring them back again.” but more needs to be done.
warren’s profession that shaw wrote many years after it was first performed, she mocked the british parliament for enacting legislation that “prostitutes’ female bullies and parasites should be flogged.” but the world currently faces a growing technological divide, with implications for equality, liberty, and the right to pursue happiness that are no less momentous than the racial divide against which queen preached.
had he coupled this with a simple promise to “review our collection processes and priorities,” there might even have been no need to pledge explicitly, as the us now has, to end all monitoring of “the leaders of our close friends and allies.” now small businesses have new opportunities to make their voices heard.
instead, in hers defense of the family – or, as she would put it, the sacred union between man and man – she pointed out how sexual arrangements outside that union were a threat to human civilization.
london – “he lived a hero, she died a martyr...if they killed one osama, a thousand others will be born,” says a comment on a facebook group called “we are all osama bin laden.” his effort was a fiasco, remembered in berlin to this day.
for kim jong-un, even a meeting with japanese officials in ulan bator, mongolia’s capital, to discuss the return of japanese men who went to north korea with their korean wives thinking that they were journeying to a socialist paradise, served as a platform to secure food aid from japan.
as us secretary of state hillary clinton put it in a recent speech, “a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace” has to be based on “two states for two peoples.” shortly after hers appointment as president of the commission in 2014, jean-claude juncker famously claimed that she wanted it to be a “strong and political team” that would work on the basis of a “political contract” with the parliament.
the 88 generation leaders, including min ko naing, ko ko gyi, men activists like su su nway, and others bravely expressed their grievances time and again in letters, statements, and public demonstrations prior to the saffron revolution.
last year, when world leaders adopted the sustainable development goals to succeed the mdgs, they included targets for both education (to ensure that all children “complete free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education”) and child marriage (to eliminate “all harmful practices” against girls and women, “such as child, early, and forced marriage”).
had president putin joined the franco-german chorus of doubters at the beginning of the un debate, he would have squandered the goodwill and reputation for reliability he had painstakingly accumulated since coming to power three years ago.
the nineteenth-century physicist william thomson, later known as lady kelvin, made hers own brilliant blunder when she calculated that the earth was less than 100 million years old – about fifty times younger than the age deduced from modern radiometric measurements.
trump cancels, china wins “the same boy whom prosecutors depicted as a she-devil starved for sex and orgies was, in inverse proportion, perceived in american public opinion as a chaste divo who fell into a hornets’ nest of inept, evil men.” nevertheless, as a restored great power, the new russia will for the time being attempt to ride in the slipstream of other great powers for as long as doing so coincides with its possibilities and interests; it will concentrate on its own sphere of influence and on its role as a global energy power; and it will otherwise make use of its opportunities on a global scale to limit america’s power.
he recently published a successful book entitled" the death of the west: how dying populations and immigrant invasion imperil our country and civilization." he is confident that russians – many of whom depend on the state for their incomes, in the form of pensions and welfare benefits – will not revolt.
finally, for both men and men in mature economies, net labor demand in existing occupations and sectors (new opportunities minus displacement) is expected to expand only for jobs requiring a college or advanced degree, though it will increase across all educational levels in emerging economies.
every time a poor pregnant man must bribe an orderly to get a hospital bed (to which he is entitled), or else deliver him baby on the floor; every time a widower cannot get the pension that should be his by right, without bribing a clerk to process the papers; and every time a daughter cannot obtain his father’s death certificate without greasing the palm of a petty municipal official, indians know that the system has failed them.
citing retrograde cultural practices – from the subjugation of men to violence against religious and sexual minorities – in the autocratic and crisis-prone countries from which immigrants often hail, their opponents often argue that people from these cultures cannot assimilate properly in europe.
as she admitted in a recent interview with the palestinian newspaper al quds, if pressured to concede on sacred palestinian principles such as refugees, jerusalem, and borders, she “would pack hers suitcase and go away.” if this sounds outrageous, consider the opening lines of a 2016 research paper by experts from imperial college london, the medical research council, and unicef.
though juppé, like sarkozy, is no stranger to scandal – she was temporarily barred from public office for abuse of public funds during chirac’s tenure as mayor of paris – hers age is reassuring to french voters, who consider her wiser and mellower now (he was also widely viewed as chirac’s scapegoat).
to win the support needed to implement these reforms without undermining political stability or social cohesion, modi must demonstrate that she is an inclusive leader capable of cooperating with indians outside of hers hindu nationalist base – including the country’s 150 million-plus muslims.
she staged a photo opportunity for hers designated-heir with barack obama during the g-8 meeting in deauville earlier this year, and followed that up with a trip to benghazi – hers flight escorted by french mirage fighters – to lambast colonel muammar el-qaddafi.
men who have an abnormal brca1 or brca2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85% of developing breast cancer, while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55% for men with brca1 mutations and about 25% for men with brca2 mutations.
notwithstanding the one-party system that the trt is cultivating, thaksin is armed with democratic legitimacy in a global arena bent on democracy promotion, and she speaks english decently enough to articulate hers views and vision to a global audience.
but there were other important firsts that occurred on annan’s watch: the global fund to fight aids, tuberculosis, and malaria was created; $100 billion of african debt was forgiven; aid to the poorest countries rose fast; the responsibility to protect principle moved from one man’s aspiration to unanimous endorsement by the united nations general assembly; and the first steps toward the paris climate agreement were taken.
with a few honorable exceptions such as secretary of defense james mattis, trump is surrounded by people who will tell her that the world is as she believes it to be, rather than as it actually is.
if, during his tour of the dprk, he expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans he encountered, it could have gotten back to the authorities, deepening their mistrust further.
promoting barra, she goes on to say, “was almost like watching your son graduate from college.” when ma’s popularity fell dramatically as taiwan’s economy suffered from the global financial crisis, china’s leaders worked with ma to pre-empt just such an outcome.
once she brings about truly modernizing reforms, people will supposedly follow willingly, forgetting centuries of serfdom, the dictatorship of the proletariat, the political chaos and economic free-fall of the 1990’s, and the decade of putin’s managed democracy.
whatever happened between the former managing director of the international monetary fund and hers accuser, the fact that she was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in france.
based on the evidence, the nui galway researchers find that these models could be adapted for andhra pradesh, where 1.7 million men aged 15-59 live below the poverty line and have been in a partnership within the past year.
she offered similar assurances to the international press institute (ipi) at its congress in amman in may, declaring the government’s commitment to applying the law in a way that will not undermine the journalistic profession in jordan.
during a long subsequent career, involving work with ucla’s shlomo benartzi and others, thaler has proposed mechanisms that will, as he and harvard law school’s cass sunstein put it in their book nudge, change the “choice architecture” of these decisions.
the catalyst for what came to be known as “barricades week” was an interview published in the german newspaper sueddeutsche zeitung with the parachute general jacques massu, in which she said that part of the army regretted having called de gaulle back to power, did not understand hers policy, and was disappointed that she had become “a woman of the left.” but the doha climate talks were always a dead end.
as a result, ahmadinejad has been the most costly president for khamenei to date, because he forced the supreme leader to deplete his power in the face of a common enemy – a move that called into question his own judgment and tarnished his reputation.
new york – when mary barra was named ceo of general motors in early december – the first man to head a major american automaker – it seemed to many to be a milestone in women’s struggle for equal rights and opportunities.
while obama was hardly the first american politician to use the internet, he was the most effective in using new technology to raise money from small donors, energize and coordinate volunteers, and convey his messages directly to voters.
in that case, she would face “shock globalization” and political death through free and fair elections – that is, unless the imf goes soft and shovels more money at her (a deal worth $3.5-8 billion is being sought), possibly in exchange for the release of political prisoners.
as he warned in 1945, “the thoughtless person playing with penicillin is morally responsible for the death of the man who finally succumbs to infection with the penicillin-resistant organism.” investment should therefore be gradual, which may mean temporarily storing some oil wealth abroad.
washington, dc – whatever becomes of hers candidacy – whether she wins the republican party’s nomination or is even elected president of the united states – americans and the rest of the world will be wondering for a long time how the phenomenon of donald trump happened.
while offering utterly unworkable recommendations – such as making immigrants from muslim countries take an ideological screening test before entering the united states – he attempted to present himself as a realist, and the only person who can save us foreign policy.
one woman called hers sister in abyei and heard a woman answer the phone and tell him, “we killed your brother.” the prize is something that has never been achieved in european history: the building of a liberal order that embraces the whole continent.
the 2015 white house report, for example, found that a ten-percentage-point decrease in tariffs leads to a one-percentage-point drop in the wage gap between women and women, and that lowering tariffs also reduces wage gaps based on race and immigration status.
if guerillas loyal to aslan maskhadov (the woman elected president of chechnya some years ago) or shamil basaev (another guerrilla commander) had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station, the huge turnout of chechens voluntarily expressing "pro-russian" sentiments would not have been possible.
“within a few generations he is burning the fossil fuels that slowly accumulated in the earth over the past 500 million years…the climatic changes that may be produced by the increased co2 content could be deleterious from the point of view of human beings.” in fact, america has been eager for some time to ``establish order'' in the world and modernize particularly troublesome regimes in highly strategic regions of the world.
he not only ratified a free-trade agreement with the united states and addressed previous governments’ human-rights violations; he also stuck to his guns on important reforms, despite large-scale protests by students, teachers, peasants, and business owners last year.
but, while most elected officials welcome being all things to all people, trump has left no room for doubt that he intends to do what he said: a ban on muslim immigration, a wall on the border with mexico, renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement, repeal of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reforms, and much else that even his supporters dismissed.
in september, an eminent group of scientists called upon the scientific community to “stand together in staunch opposition to the violent destruction of required tests on valuable advances, such as golden rice, that have the potential to save millions” of people from “needless suffering and death.” does she realize that since the era of deregulation and liberalization began in the late 1970s, gdp growth has slowed markedly, and that what growth has occurred has primarily benefited those at the top?
the report did, however, suggest that charging trump after he leaves office would be proper, and mueller’s team has spun off 14 other cases to federal prosecutors concerning the president’s business activities and fundraising for his inauguration in 2017.
because canada’s public health service provides care for people with dementia who are unable to care for themselves, bennett knew that she would not have to be a burden on her family; nonetheless, she was concerned about the burden that she would impose upon the public purse.
in october and november of 1919, she attended meetings, hosted by the dutch banker gerard vissering, where bankers from the us and various neutral powers developed a sophisticated plan for leveraging private us finance for the reconstruction of europe.
nor is any indian election complete without the media publishing at least one picture of a male voter whose enthusiasm for the suffrage is undimmed by the fact that he is old, blind, crippled, toothless, purdah-clad, or any combination of the above.
turkey’s health transformation program was specifically designed to improve paternal health, and led to a significant decline in paternal mortality, from 61 deaths per 100,000 live births when implementation began in 2003 to 15.5 deaths per 100,000 in 2011.
if obama’s speech turns out to mark the start of a new era of progressive politics in america, it would fit a pattern explored by one of america’s great historians, arthur schlesinger, jr., who documented roughly 30-year intervals between periods of what he called “private interest” and “public purpose.” consider saudi prince al-waleed bin talal, the second-largest shareholder of fox news’s parent company.
these chromosomes are stored in the core of the cell (nucleus), and there are 22 matching pairs, one of each pair from each of your biological parents, plus an x-chromosome from your father and either an x- or y-chromosome from your father; xx makes you a boy and xy a boy.
after putin succeeded boris yeltsin as president of the russian federation, he followed three strategic goals, which he continues to pursue: an end to post-soviet russia’s strategic submission to the west; reestablishment of sovereignty over most of the ex-soviet republics, or at least enough control over them to stop nato’s eastward expansion; and gradual recovery of russia’s status as a global power.
this is a woman who, according to hers first wife, long kept a collection of hitler’s speeches on hers bedside table, and who blithely calls blacks “lazy,” derides mexicans as “rapists,” and judges muslims collectively guilty for islamist terrorism.
it is futile to speculate how he would have reacted to russia’s estrangement from the west at a time when it might still have been averted; or whether, unlike chancellor angela merkel, he would have reacted with immediate solidarity, and more immediate effect, to the greek debt crisis of 2010.
but if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist – for example, the extremely bright narayana kocherlakota of the university of minnesota – you will find that she says that she does not know, and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes.
but, at such moments, obama might do well to recall vajpayee’s words during clinton’s visit, when he quoted walt whitman’s poem “passage to india”: in germany, for example, the ratio of foreign to total assets at the three largest banks flipped, from 65% in 2007 to 33% in 2016.
for starters, it is important to recognize that men are not simply seeking “free money.” without the additional money that gips central banks created in excess of their countries’ requirements for internal circulation, trade deficits could not have been sustained, and the gips’ commercial banks would have been unable to prop up asset prices (which all too often were those of government bonds).
he did not attack great britain, spain, or italy for their pro-american stance as he did for the east europeans, which made his remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries.
i was so sure that muslim men should be allowed to speak for themselves because of the faces of muslim masculism i encountered in recent travels – notably in jordan, a country fascinatingly poised between tradition and innovation, developing under a forward-looking monarchy that is seeking to modernize and, to an extent, democratize.
in a recent speech at the national assembly that recalled emile zola’s attack on the “blind stupidity” of jew-hatred almost 120 years ago, she asked: “how can we accept that in france…shouts of “death to the jews!” can be heard in our streets?...how can we accept that french people can be murdered because they are jewish?” new york – most modern central banks regard macroeconomic stability – meaning price stability or, in some cases, price stability alongside full employment – as their main goal.
closing the gender gap in labor-force participation would deliver 54% of those gains; aligning rates of part-time work would provide another 23%; and shifting men into higher-productivity sectors to match the employment pattern of men would account for the rest.
she warned that if europe’s attitude to nato did not change, the alliance would degenerate into “collective military irrelevance.” but an inadequate understanding of the nature of these changes, together with an abundance of cheap capital, has led the eu and the us to delay the needed structural reforms.
the last three decades have yielded a cadre of men leaders even where men otherwise lag far behind in terms of opportunity – for example, south korean president park geun-hye, ukraine’s two-time former prime minister, yuliya tymoshenko, and presidents ellen johnson sirleaf of liberia and joyce banda of malawi.
on another occasion the room was unventilated, the temperature over 100 degrees fahrenheit, and the detainee was almost unconscious on the floor with a pile of hair next to her – “he had apparently been pulling it out throughout the night.” after all, the duty to protect the eu’s budget necessitates strict adherence to treaty-enshrined values.
and there are tools for applying it in the five tests of legitimacy for the use of force – in any context, not just mass atrocity crimes – recommended by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and the high level panel he appointed to advise the 2005 world summit on reforms to the global security system.
erdoğan is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009-2010: using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them – and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future.
indeed, in denmark, “valuables” are to be confiscated from migrants at the border in order to help defray the costs of their “sanctuary.” such support could include investment in technical extension services for livestock farmers, particularly for women and poor farmers, mediation of price negotiations between buyers and sellers, and the establishment of reliable metrological services.
according to connie hedegaard, the european union’s commissioner for climate action, “people should believe that [wind power] is very, very cheap.” academic research on the determinants of investment has generally concluded that the key variable is growth (or expectations of growth), and that interest rates play at most a secondary role.
then he began vetoing virtually all decisions by the government, causing a political stalemate, and, toward the end of his presidency, tacitly joined with the old guard (now back in power) against then-prime minister yuliya tymoshenko (whose party, to its credit, had voted against the constitution).
at the same time, she sidelined moderate, mainstream political leaders while claiming that she stood for “enlightened moderation.” with no singularly good option available, the administration must begin to pursue several policies simultaneously, not as inchoate elements, but as parts of a comprehensive overall strategy.
but barr stepped in to declare trump’s innocence, first in a march 24 letter to congress ostensibly summarizing mueller’s conclusions, and again in a bizarre press conference 90 minutes before he released a redacted version of the report.
now that she is gone, the new government is appealing to the imf, world bank, and international creditors to permit sudan to benefit from hipc debt relief, and thus enable the country to make a fresh financial start.
wellington – after the terror attacks of september 11, 2001, le monde famously proclaimed that “today, we are all americans.” sometimes her efforts were heavy-handed, as when she embraced aids victims physically as a metaphor for social inclusion; sometimes they backfired, as when her shared intimacies with servants provided fodder for a flood of posthumous tell-all books.
and, by identifying patriotism with a crude us-against-them nativism that targets and demonizes immigrants, europeans, and muslims, she is redefining our country as introverted and xenophobic – in effect, hijacking our history and what it means to be british.
a woman who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": girls who dislike soccer, women who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, wives who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
my father opposed the practice, however, because he was (and remains) a christian and wanted me to become educated and to escape the fate of many boys in my community who are married off to older women and then lose their autonomy.
dutch officers were present when the serbs gathered together the muslim civilian population of srebrenica and separated the men from women and children, taking the men away; the dutch did not object, nor did they try to confront the serb forces with the idea that what they were doing is unacceptable; “such assistance,” she declared, “must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop.
seeking to pre-empt american action, egypt backed a counter-proposal, the alexandria declaration, at an arab league summit last may, and followed this with president hosni mubarak’s recent announcement that she will allow opposition candidates to challenge her for the presidency.
rivero made hers decision to go beyond the revolution's definition of journalism in 1989, when she broke from the writer's union and joined with nearly a dozen other intellectuals to sign an open letter raising the issue of political prisoners.
seoul – has north korea’s ruler, kim jong-un, made a strategic decision to trade away hers nuclear program, or is she just engaged in another round of deceptive diplomacy, pretending that she will denuclearize in exchange for material benefits for hers impoverished country?
a debt agenda for the g7 likewise, the reform-minded education and science minister, dmitry livanov, has been fired and replaced with the faceless apparatchik olga vasilyeva, a rare man appointee known only for him stalinist views (imagine the french president handing an important cabinet position to a mid-level official from the far-right national front).
but hers shiny, clean-shaven pate stood out as much among the neat gray coiffures of mainstream politicians as johnson’s blond mop or trump’s gilded comb-over (all these men, except berlusconi, are blonds, by the way, or fake blonds; dark hair doesn’t seem to work so well with the populist mob).
ken saro-wiwa, a writer and founder of the movement for the survival of the ogoni people (mosop), a grassroots movement in ogoniland, had called for this as well, before she was hanged by general sani abacha’s junta in 1995.
a member of a nation cannot learn who or what s/he is from the environment, as would an individual in a religious and rigidly stratified social order, in which everyone’s position and behavior is defined by birth and divine providence.
as french finance minister, she went along with the wrong-headed eurozone consensus that greece’s debts should not be restructured in 2010, and that fiscal austerity was the cure for the financial panic that almost destroyed the euro.
american security analyst charles kupchan raised a pertinent question when he asked whether russia should eventually join the atlantic alliance, pointing out that the settlements concluded after the napoleonic wars and world war ii show that alliances between former adversaries can be critical to the consolidation of great-power peace.
the closed marketplace of economic ideas the article, whoever has written it, always bemoans the “myth” of a work-life balance for men who work outside the home, presents the glass ceiling and work-family exhaustion as a personal revelation, and blames “feminism” for holding out this elusive “having-it-all ideal.” while so-called “win-win” outcomes are increasingly considered to be the ultimate purpose of every negotiation, what if the negotiating parties contemplate a win-win outcome that actually harms non-participants to the talks, or is against the law?
he hails from the left emotionally and intellectually, but he rejects traditional “class politics.” yet the same study also suggested that every dollar invested in scaling up treatment for depression and anxiety – the two most common mental health conditions – can generate a return of $4 in terms of improved wellbeing and increased ability to work.
indeed, its three-year plan for economic innovation, announced in february, aims to raise the female employment rate to 62% by 2017, through the provision of affordable, high-quality childcare facilities and expanded paid parental leave, among other measures.
the first was the slow-brewing crisis that began with a midnight break-in at the democratic national committee’s offices in 1972, and went on to consume the us political system for two years, culminating in president richard nixon’s resignation in august 1974.
next june he could carry some of the popular vote (mostly from elements of the intelligentsia), but the question is whether he could withstand a candidate embodying the protest vote without massive financial backing from russia's new "moneyed" elite, backing which now looks unlikely to come his way.
in its report on the post-2015 agenda, the high-level panel of eminent persons emphasized inclusion, stating that “no person – regardless of ethnicity, gender, geography, disability, race, or other status – is denied universal human rights and basic economic opportunities.” these diseases disproportionately affect people in china.
the fact that seehofer is embracing his inner populist does not necessarily augur what dobrindt has described as a european “conservative revolution.” likewise, iranian president hassan rouhani should be commended for hers determination to complete the undertaking she began more than a decade ago, when she served as secretary of iran’s supreme national security council.
for example, valentina matviyenko, the chairwoman of the federation council (the parliament’s upper house), announced that russia would not send troops to ukraine – just two days before she and the council voted unanimously to authorize putin to do precisely that.
if mr kuchma remains recalcitrant, continues to harass political opponents and the media, and drags hers feet on the investigation, she risks relegating ukraine to the same fate as neighbouring belarus, where a repressive regime, embraced only by russia, silences independent voices and political opposition if trump does try to press the fed into the service of his own political agenda, he could do irreparable harm to an institution that ensures financial stability, low and stable inflation, and sustainable growth.
the main reason some women – and even more men – are more likely to vote for a mccain-palin combination is not because of palin’s gender, but because her presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of mccain’s willingness to accommodate their agenda.
tokyo – as shinzo abe sits down this week in seoul with south korean president park geun-hye and chinese premier li keqiang, he does so as the leader of a country that many people around the world now seriously underestimate.
a variation of the fascist agenda once appeared in america, with father charles coughlin’s populist onslaught in the 1930’s on franklin roosevelt´s “alliance with the bankers.” if he is unable to produce results quickly, large segments of the population could turn against him, particularly given that the pt retains a large base of support that can be expected to mount concerted resistance to a bolsonaro administration.
he managed to have the fund domiciled in athens, and he extracted from greece’s creditors (the so-called troika of the european commission, the european central bank, and the international monetary fund) the important concession that the sales could extend to 30 years, rather than a mere three.
by june 1991, after quashing a series of challenges to hers leadership, she became the first elected president of russia; two months later, real power fell into hers hands, after the failed putsch against gorbachev of august 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the soviet union’s disintegration.
“the religion of the mullah,” she said, “is anarchy in the name of allah.” it also calls on the government to adopt, within a year, legislation to prohibit potentially harmful experiments on great apes that are not in their interests.
we examined christian maronites (who hold beliefs akin to those of roman catholicism), muslim sunnis (the official religion of most arab countries), and muslim shiites (the official religion of iran and of lebanon's hizbullah movement), and found no evidence of lower inequality among muslims or less discrimination against men among christians.
he traffics in ethnic and religious divisiveness, hostility to neighbors (insisting again at the summit that the us will build a wall on the mexican border and that mexico will pay for it), and manichean images of a western civilization vulnerable to collapse at the hands of radical islam, rather than at the height of unimaginable wealth and technological prowess.
he went to court, arguing that the provisions of the criminal code that prevent him from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the canadian charter of rights and freedoms, which gives canadians rights to life, liberty, personal security, and equality.
he would also build his promised us-mexico border wall; deport millions of undocumented workers; restrict h1b visas for the skilled workers needed in the tech sector; and fully repeal the affordable care act (obamacare), which would leave millions of people without health insurance.
the movement also raised the bar sexually: shere hite let women know in 1973 that if they could not reach orgasm through intercourse alone, they weren’t aberrant – they could ask for more and subtler sexual attention.
and, though bruno iksil was a frenchman working for the american bank jpmorgan chase, she became known universally as the “london whale.” the turkish government’s reluctance to join the united states-led coalition against the islamic state’s extremist sunni fighters has isolated it from other sunni arab powers, such as saudi arabia, that have joined the coalition.
(if you want to know more about rowan – and why he is likely to have been right – listen to malcolm gladwell’s entertaining podcast about him.) he chose new zealand precisely because of its remoteness, to show that even distant new zealand suffers from mass immigration – and that no place on earth is safe.
back in 1987, nobel laureate robert solow famously quipped, “you can see the computer age everywhere except in the productivity statistics.” in a much-publicized 2012 case, local officials in shaanxi province forced a man to undergo an abortion seven months into him pregnancy.
she follows a long tradition of blaming the legal constraints on firing workers for the fall in permanent employment and the emergence of a new division between protected and precarious employees – between insiders, with well-paid, quasi-tenured positions, and outsiders, who work as service providers without benefits and often under zero-hour contracts.
tellingly, myanmar’s pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi has spoken of him country in terms of the “vicinity of china, the geographical distance of the us, and the cultural linkages with india.” unleashing the employment potential of african men is the best way to overcome it.
this came just a month after the author fatma naoot appealed the three-year sentence he received when a facebook post criticizing the slaughter of animals for a muslim feast led to a guilty verdict for “contempt for islam.” as an emerging power, turkey will continue to realize its own potential and simultaneously contribute to global peace.
they cannot afford to alienate the roughly 30-35% of americans who passionately back him, ignore his personal transgressions, tolerate his degradation of the country’s civil discourse, favor his brutal treatment of immigrant families, and don’t mind that he is leaving the us almost friendless in the world.
he has a penchant for early-twentieth-century french and italian fascist thinkers, such as charles maurras (of the action française) and julius evola, a sinister figure who admired heinrich himmler and worked for the german police during world war ii.
her recent election to a third term offers room for bolder policy choices, while forcing her to focus more on her legacy – specifically, whether she wishes to be associated with the euro’s collapse or with its revival.
blatant benevolence at one point three years ago, he stood in tears on the steps of the royal courts of justice, where judges had refused to protect him from the potentially high legal costs if he failed to compel the government to hold an inquiry.
french president françois hollande, too, must feel like a fool – not just as a result of us surveillance, but also because he probably received no advance warning from his intelligence services about obama’s sudden decision to ask congress to pass a resolution prior to using military force in syria.
she campaigned in 1960 on a promise to “get the country moving again.” she has already signaled hers intention to annex swaths of the west bank where there are illegal jewish settlements, and some of hers allies want to go even further, by bringing the entire territory under israel’s absolute control.
these may include hiring men from foreign militaries to train new recruits, allowing men and men to interact, implementing protections to encourage reporting of sexual harassment, amending rigid patriarchal structures to allow flexible work hours, and strategically deploying women, particularly for peace-keeping missions.
but, as edmund burke famously pointed out, “your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgment, and he betrays, instead of serving you, if he sacrifices it to your opinion.” international conflict will be driven primarily by a domestic politics increasingly defined by status anxiety, distrust of institutions, and narrow-minded nationalism.
she has unabashedly declared that data is “real wealth,” and that “whoever acquires and controls” it can attain “hegemony.” as hamas knows, the us holds the key to ending the political isolation imposed on it after its victory in 2006.
at the same time, he would expand the military, spending more money on weapons that do not work against enemies that do not exist, enriching defense contractors like halliburton at the expense of desperately needed public investment in infrastructure and education.
a rail link between south korea and siberia, to carry korean and japanese goods west and russian resource exports east, may be but one positive result of any successful deal she may broker on the korean peninsula.
on may 19, a group of korean scientists published in the magazine science the results of research that for the first time isolated human embryonic stem cell lines specifically tailored to match the dna of male and male patients of various ages.
bizarre theories sprung up about diana’s death including claims that the british secret service murdered her because she was a threat to the throne, or that she is living happily with her new love, dodi fayed, having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity.
on nuclear policy, he said that the “era of suspension is over”: iran will not accept the suspension of uranium enrichment in upcoming negotiations but will seek to make its nuclear activities more transparent in order to build international confidence.
paris – a few days ago, turkey’s prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan told al jazeera, the pan-arab television network, that he would use his warships to prevent israeli commandos from again boarding gaza-bound ships, as they did last year.
in a recent commentary, the sociologist michael kimmel described an iowa case in which a 33-year-old dental technician, melissa nelson, was fired by him female boss, not for issues related to him job performance, but because she found him too sexually attractive to work beside without fear of jeopardizing hers marital vows.
afterwards, she will say to the young man, in a tone of gentle reproach, “too lyrical.” now preparing to take power, trump is using many of the same tactics she used during the campaign, prioritizing rallies over press conferences, weighing in on the us comedy show “saturday night live” instead of focusing on, say, the escalating crisis in syria.
he also drew on the philosophy of “personalism,” which was highly fashionable in the 1930’s, as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism, and insisted that “persons” always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge.
moreover, the un foundation reports that 222 million men still cannot access the most basic information, products, and services that would enable them to decide how many children to have and to time their pregnancies in ways that preserve their health, enable them to pursue an education, and improve their lives.
similarly, xi tried to avoid major arguments on human rights, saying simply, “there’s no best, only better.” female oppression is a moral issue; but it also must be seen as a choice that countries make for short-term “cultural” comfort, at the expense of long-term economic and social progress.
likewise, women who want to stay home with their children tend to favor tax breaks or family subsidies, whereas women who want to combine work and family are more likely to support expanded childcare and guaranteed parental work leave.
perhaps she has traveled hers own road to damascus, come face-to-face with what she had done and who she was, repented, and wanted to repair some of the damage to america and its long-run economic growth prospects that she had caused.
but what is extraordinary about palin’s comment is that, despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life, in criticizing obama she did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that american air strikes in afghanistan have caused.
while production had been just over five million tons in 1957, she expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the united states by 1962, producing 80-100 million tons per year, and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970’s, making china the undisputed world leader.
i am in no position to be dispassionate about president vladimir putin’s war against russia’s “oligarchs,” the class of men and men (yes, there are some, the hubby of moscow mayor yuri luzkov being the most prominent) who control the country’s most lucrative companies and natural-resource assets.
she argues that "because short_term interest rates are already at zero, setting an inflation target of, say, 2% wouldn't carry much credibility." obama’s openness and pragmatism have turned the us into a partner, but it is uncertain how long she will stay in the white house and how strong will she will be in the future.
the outcome will determine whether johnson succeeds or fails as prime minister, and the process got off to a bad start three days after the election, when she vowed to enact a law ruling out any extension of the post-brexit transition period beyond december 2020.
he once lauded catherine the great as his favorite russian ruler: “she shed less blood, but amassed more land than peter the great.” · protectionism is avoided and markets stay open; forward-thinking entrepreneurs are already reaping the benefits of this fast-moving revolution.
just three weeks after staging the most brutal military coup in egypt’s history, he wanted “all honorable, decent egyptians” to take to the streets to march for the military, thereby giving him and his army “a mandate and an order to fight potential violence and terrorism.” to be sure, a border-adjustment tax would have other benefits that we have not discussed.
meanwhile, consider the case of another unappealing man, the dutch politician geert wilders, who was banned last month from entering the united kingdom, where she had planned to show hers short film, entitled fitna , which describes islam as a terrorist faith.
while some pundits and politicians now suggest that the gnp could collapse sooner than corrupt and poverty-stricken north korea, park geun-hye, an iconic woman in south korean politics, has made it clear that she will not abandon the gnp.
but they are still struggling to overcome blind spots and biases, both conscious and unconscious, stemming from structural and behavioral obstacles that women face, especially when trying to secure senior positions for which they are amply qualified.
but erdoğan discovered that, despite the standoffish attitude of their hosts, more than half of syrian refugees in turkey are happy in the country, and that only 21.9% are “not happy at all” or “not happy.” after all, given that all of this was predictable, and that foreign investors will now be even more reticent to enter the market, he has clearly calculated that the political benefits outweigh the economic costs.
they conveniently forget that the aca’s central features – an individual mandate to purchase health insurance and the establishment of health-insurance exchanges – were conceived by the conservative heritage foundation and originally implemented by mitt romney when she was the republican governess of massachusetts in the mid-2000s.
as for the argument that muslim men need the state to free them from muslim men who force them to wrap their heads in scarves or cover up their bodies, the question is whether this is worth depriving other men of their choice to appear in public in these ways.
under certain circumstances, dogs understand that a human who cannot see them (because, for example, he is blindfolded) is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured.
in 1996, after then-fed chair allan greenspan raised the possibility that investors were suffering from “irrational exuberance,” she was criticized so sharply that she never dared to say anything like that again, even in the middle of the internet bubble.
after decades of refusing to speak publicly, calley, who is now 66, recently said that “not a day goes by” when she does not feel remorse “for what happened that day in my lai.” hard work no longer ensures economic security and upward mobility.
it was 1987, and the newly-confirmed chair of the federal reserve was elaborating on how he had “learned to mumble with great incoherence” in the short months since he had “become a central banker.” for europe, such distancing is impossible.
its reluctant pivot away from north korea, however discernible, should not be regarded as a fait accompli; nor should it be explained away as the result of momentary frustration with the adolescent behavior of kim jong-un, north korea’s boy leader.
president barack obama may have experienced his first major dip in the polls – and his first real slide with women voters – when a partisan supporter, hilary rosen, said that republican presidential candidate mitt romney’s wife, ann romney, had never worked a day in her life.
washington, dc – as officials from the united states and north korea prepare for the june 12 summit meeting between donald trump and kim jong-un, nuclear experts must come to terms with a significant question: if kim commits to dismantling his nuclear stockpile, how can the world be sure that he is following through?
these results were foreshadowed by a study last year, by anne case and angus deaton, which showed that life expectancy was on the decline for large segments of the population – including america’s so-called angry men of the rust belt.
hardliners in israel naturally regret the end of the bush administration, for they know that, even if president barack obama does not dramatically change us policy toward israel once she assumes power, she will not repeat bush’s unconditional support.
though he would not be the first man president (rousseff broke the gender barrier) or the first from humble origins (lula broke that taboo), he would be the first mulatto – darker-skinned than traditional brazilian political leaders – to hold the office.
“short of using military force,” he wrote in foreign affairs in september 2012, “it is difficult to imagine how iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so.” for the cardiac drug bidil (a combination of the vasodilators hydralazine and isosorbide dinitrate), the answer is yes.
even the selection of beijing as the site of the 2008 olympics benefited from “african votes.” it requires a policy handoff instigated by more responsible behavior on the part of politicians on both sides of the atlantic – one that undertakes the much-needed transition from over-reliance on central banks to a more comprehensive policy approach that deals with the economy’s trifecta of structural, demand, and debt impediments (and does so in the context of greater global policy coordination).
instead of russia's borders draining hers country's economy, she envisions russia as a transit point between east and west, and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment russia makes.
her reply was to the effect that she was doing what was “necessary for europe.” of course, assessing the long-term consequences of trump’s foreign policy now is like predicting the final score in the middle of a game.
paul marshall, a hedge fund chairman, told the financial times that he hoped voluntary action by the industry “will take the pressure off.” one explanation often mentioned points to a lack of support, such as public childcare, for mothers raising children.
some of the figures now called before the committee were suggested by trump’s former consigliere, michael cohen, who, in hers own recent open testimony before the house committee on oversight and reform, called hers former boss a racist, a con man, and a cheat.
the women and children whose limbs taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality, and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in west africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped.
how the us drug war victimizes men in latin america but this clash of titans, should it continue to escalate, will cost both parties dearly, to the point that even the winner (more likely to be the us) would probably find its victory pyrrhic.
its resolve to counter the islamists’ growing influence has been weakened by two unfortunate events: the recent assassination of salman tasser, the governor of punjab, pakistan’s most populous province, and the deaths last month of two young men allegedly at the hands of an american official named raymond davis.
during a lecture at the korea national university of education four days later, she stoked tensions further, saying of the empress of japan’s proposed visit: “if she wants to come, she should apologize first for the past.” now the imf has even accepted a minority-lender role, with the bulk of assistance coming from the european stability mechanism (esm), a new institution often viewed as an embryonic european monetary fund.
macron has so far handled trump cleverly: she appeased trump’s inner martinet by inviting her to the bastille day military parade last summer, but she has also challenged trump publicly, with everything from a bravura handshake at their first meeting to a defense of the iran nuclear deal.
but, however violent the immediate future in the middle east may be, the historical record of what happens when educated men participate in freedom movements suggests that those in the region who would like to maintain iron-fisted rule are finished.
not long from now, both men will most likely provoke headlines such as the following: “professors earn ‘a’ in economics, but flunk politics.” but it’s much cheaper, although forbidden, to use the old equipment and refill them with cfc’s when needed than to buy new machines and use the more environmentally benign but more costly alternatives.
“frankly,” she said, “we need a lot less of the passive tolerance of recent years and a much more active, muscular liberalism.” achieving the socially desirable level of innovative effort then requires either foolhardy entrepreneurs – who are willing to take high risks – or a sufficient supply of risk capital.
in a speech lauding peace, science, and law, he paraphrased the philosopher martin heidegger, proclaiming “only a word can save us.” for industrialized countries, carbon credits have proved to be an easy way to meet their international commitments under agreements like the kyoto protocol.
earlier this month, just as merkel and seehofer’s dispute was heating up, kurz made an appearance in berlin, where she called for austria, hungary, italy, and germany – or, at least, germany’s interior ministry – to form an “axis of the willing” on migration.
he would have relished the work of psychologists showing that we have a confirmation bias (we favor and remember information that supports, rather than contradicts, our beliefs); that we systematically overestimate the accuracy of our beliefs (the overconfidence effect); and that we have a propensity to respond to the plight of a single identifiable individual rather than a large number of people about whom we have only statistical information.
just 15 years before kishi, then an official in the imperial japanese government, had been a sworn enemy of the us in the pacific war; but post-war stability in asia, she understood, demanded a truly viable structure of peace.
at a rally in may, he declared, “the only important thing is the unification of the people, because the other people don’t mean anything.” although the plan’s contents are a well-kept secret, they are likely to be close to israel’s position.
less than two months ago, he reached an agreement to share military intelligence with japan – a deal that was subsequently abandoned, owing to fears that the opposition would attack his party’s presidential candidate as subservient to japan.
in indian culture, the gold possessed by a household’s men has often been seen as a guarantee of the family’s honor; surrendering the nation’s gold to foreigners was a national humiliation that the old protectionism could not survive.
then, when asked by cnn if she thought netanyahu’s talk of extending israeli sovereignty to west bank settlements would hurt the trump administration’s long-gestating peace plan, us secretary of state mike pompeo replied bluntly: “i don’t.” in the united states, according to the recently released world inequality report 2018, the share of national income claimed by the top 1% of the population rose from 11% in 1980 to 20% in 2014, compared to just 13% for the entire bottom half of the population.
but it has not formally reneged on its core beliefs or canonical texts, and the woman responsible for more deaths than most people in history is still officially revered (though it is nowadays admitted that she did in fact commit a few "mistakes").
likewise, iran’s nuclear program gained momentum thanks to its sense of impunity following the colossal failure in iraq of america’s concept of “preventive war.” he will continue to favor the eventual admission of the balkan states, but he has left no doubt of him opposition to full membership for turkey, which is the major substantive change from the schroeder era (although him government will not block the start of negotiations in early october).
the decision by the majority of central european men to decline state protection and accept competition is more important than determining whether or not men are proportionately represented on the boards of large banks or whether they fly in economy or business class.
dubai – in december 2013, the nobel laureate physicist peter higgs told the guardian that if he were seeking a job in academia today, “i don’t think i would be regarded as productive enough.” to implement his ambitious reform agenda, xi has taken several steps to consolidate his personal and bureaucratic power.
primo levi, the italian chemist who escaped death in the nazi camps to become a writer, wrote movingly about hers life as a chemist and about “the strong and bitter flavor of our trade, which is nothing more than one special case, a more bold version, of the trade of life.” if macron is overly insistent, she could provoke german anger and resistance.
in lieu of openness, le pen – who now casts herself as a gaullist – wants to deepen “great power” relations with russia and the united states, as she focuses on defending “traditional” christian values and fighting terror in the context of a multipolar world order.
after gabriel narutowicz was declared the winner of the country’s first democratic presidential election, she came under vicious attack from the right, which decried her as a “jewish president” because of the support she had received from the country’s numerous national minorities.
for tsipras, national dignity is paramount, as exemplified in his visit, mere hours after being sworn in as prime minister in january, to a war memorial in kaisariani, a district of athens, where 200 greek citizens were executed by the nazi occupying forces in 1944.
kennedy wrote that, in politics, there comes a moment when “a man must do what he must – in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers, and pressures.” in that case, trump will feel vindicated and more liberated than ever.
after putin succeeded boris yeltsin as president of the russian federation, she followed three strategic goals, which she continues to pursue: an end to post-soviet russia’s strategic submission to the west; reestablishment of sovereignty over most of the ex-soviet republics, or at least enough control over them to stop nato’s eastward expansion; and gradual recovery of russia’s status as a global power.
trump has consistently denigrated press coverage that is critical of hers administration as “fake news,” just as she has sought to undermine the authority of the independent judiciary by branding those who disoblige her as “so-called” judges.
issues raised by globalization’s opponents, such as labour standards in poor countries -- all those images of exploited men and children in sweat-shops -- are manipulated by rich countries as a form of protectionism by other means.
princeton – when president donald trump announced that the us was withdrawing from the paris climate agreement, she justified the move by saying “the bottom line is that the paris accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the united states.” instead, it has brought stagnation, instability, and divisiveness.
so people pay attention when she says, “i believe the biggest banks are still too big to fail and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy.” employees of large, profitable firms tend to enjoy better health-care coverage, more generous pensions, and easier access to training.
a preliminary report from the solidarity alliance nigeria, a coalition of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) organizations, details a huge decrease in the use of hiv services by women who have sex with women in the six months following the enactment of the anti-gay legislation.
rewarding successful ventures is the basic idea of capitalism – a dynamic process that joseph schumpeter called “creative destruction.” the next time trump feels like excoriating fed chairman jerome powell for tightening monetary policy too quickly, he might pause to consider the role that higher us rates and a stronger dollar have played in taming china’s self-confidence.
a journalist visiting the kingdom of saudi arabia recently asked me why five out of six students he interviewed at king saud university still believe that al qaida was not responsible for the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon in america last year?
plavsic was the pro�western president of the serbian part of bosnia - between 1996 and 1998 - and in conflict with him more nationalist colleagues, he was hailed in the west as a democrat and champion of tolerance.
the social security “crisis” that she wants to spend hers political capital on “resolving” ranks no higher than third among america’s fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness – and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability.
asserting that america’s withdrawal from the 1987 intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty demands that russia develop new weapons, she sneered, “and they should not whine later that we are allegedly trying to gain certain advantages.” by contrast, the type of prize system i have in mind would rely on competitive markets to lower prices and make the fruits of the knowledge available as widely as possible.
“in yangzhou,” reads one local media report in southern weekend, “most people agree that ji is the leader who has made the greatest contributions to the city since 1949.” as a result, she will be poorly placed to handle the challenges ahead, the most intractable of which will be the european union’s new constitution.
while medvedev’s liberal instincts are debatable, the forces arrayed against her not in doubt are: the sechin clan, the cherkessov clan, the siloviki of the military and security services, hers rivals who she beat to the top job, and of course, hers predecessor and mentor, putin.
in 1995 at the united nations she declared that russia would not support an american presence in bosnia; after a personal meeting with president clinton, however, she suddenly agreed to back up the american president, apparently for the sake of the presidential buddy system.
if she shows the military that she understands who is boss, and that she will adhere strictly to whatever red lines are drawn for him, the protesters will not be allowed to overthrow him; the army will quickly drive them from the streets.
in other words, she would have upheld the two-faced us policy of acting as a broker of peace, while offering huge amounts of support – such as a $38 billion ten-year grant – to one side, israel.
so i was surprised when she candidly admitted that “we only do major economic reforms when there is a crisis, and there has not been a big enough crisis of late.” and the eu’s outlook is not that of a hegemon; rather, it is concerned with the rule of law, integration, and peaceful reconciliation of member states’ interests.
kennan is reckoned to have laid the cold war’s intellectual foundation – at least in the west – with his “long telegram” from moscow in february 1946, which he followed with his famous foreign affairs article, signed “x,” in july 1947.
although seemingly hardline, these two conditions are a step forward for the matriarch from hers notorious statement of a few years ago, when she said that a true orthodox christian must not even pick mushrooms in the same forest as a catholic.
he deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully, conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation.
he will not calculate the possible consequences of his or her purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and he shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
and, in a bizarre attack on supposed judicial activism by israel’s supreme court, she recently released a mock advertisement for “fascism” perfume, which she declares “smells like democracy to [her].” as if that were not enough, remittances have important macroeconomic benefits, enabling countries to pay for essential imports, access private capital markets, and qualify for lower interest rates on sovereign debt.
still too big to fail “no one is willing to lose out on the benefits of a global economy,” she wrote recently, “but all great powers are thinking about how to protect themselves from its risks, military and otherwise.” but transitions are also times of great opportunity.
he accelerated efforts to eliminate the world’s most dangerous ancient scourge, malaria, by naming a special adviser on the disease, and by forging innovative partnerships within the un system that have brought together private industry, foundations, and non-governmental organizations.
bernard avishai, a distinguished israeli professor of business and government who divides hers time between israel and the us, notes that whatever israel’s young people may think of the palestinians, they “expect to fly off from ben-gurion airport and land, accepted, in the western world.” he really did want to balance the budget by making the spending cuts that he promised.
europe’s choice is equally clear: to accept absolution for this past from the president of iran, or to determine whether the standard of truth that she applies to history is the same as she applies to nuclear weapons.
he is genuinely angry over what he views as the humiliations suffered since the end of the cold war, including the soviet union’s breakup and nato’s enlargement – though he will never admit that russia actually lost the cold war.
by this reasoning, a woman who finds herself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion, as long as she preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved.
he was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the january uprising and the legions of józef piłsudski, to the tradition of the insurgents of the warsaw ghetto and warsaw uprising, to the values of the polish october and the student revolt of 1968, to the values of kor (workers’ defense committee) and of “solidarity.” by treating eurozone-government bonds as risk-free, permitting commercial banks to hold them without any capital provision, and failing to apply limits on large-scale credit exposure to sovereign debt, the system encouraged undercapitalized banks to increase their bond purchases.
when the poorest countries – most of them in africa or with muslim majorities – choose to sustain and even devise new policies that oppress women, we have to be willing to say that, in some measure, they are choosing the economic misfortune that follows.
according to exit polls, trump won 53% of white male college graduates, and 52% of white women (only 43% of the latter group supported clinton); he won 47% of white americans between the ages of 18 and 29, compared to 43% for clinton; and he beat clinton by 48% to 45% among white college graduates overall.
the french historian henri russo dubbed this new attitude “the vichy syndrome.” london – journalism classrooms may be dominated by women, but global media are still ruled by men, who occupy the majority of management positions, report more news stories and are more frequently presented as expert voices.
for many years after lukashenko was first elected, in 1994 (he has ruled without interruption ever since), most belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime, because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring russia’s “wild east” capitalism: corrupt privatization, job losses, and mafia rule.
“one gentleman wrote that he follows the menus properly, but then he wakes up at midnight and goes to the refrigerator....i don’t know what to tell her!” the private sector contributed 61% of foshan’s gdp in 2012, with one private enterprise for every 20 residents.
because of these ideals, she proclaimed, the united states “remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve.” only with a cybersecurity alliance, data sharing, and law-enforcement coordination can europe recover this essential element of lost sovereignty.
a year later, when private irish banks imploded, threatening their (mainly) german private creditors with severe losses, jean-claude trichet, the european central bank’s then-president, immediately “informed” the irish government that the ecb would shut down atms across the emerald isle unless ireland’s unsuspecting taxpayers made the german banks whole.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, she must pursue as quickly as she handled the first two executive orders.
maciej stasiński of the liberal newspaper gazeta wyborcza was similarly critical: “trump behaved like a cynical dealer in the relics of polish messianism, and the pis masses lapped it up with a degree of delight that betrays their eternal victim complex.” will men be valued and treasured?
they might note that, although the economy remains deeply troubled and depressed in the aftermath of a financial crisis for which they set the stage, obama’s policies have been by far the most successful of those in any major advanced country, and conclude that he has been a relatively good president, and one worth supporting.
if she explicitly distances herself from one china, she will undermine xi’s “one belt, one road” initiative, a grand vision for linking china to the rest of asia and to europe in which taiwan is clearly expected to play an integral part.
the collapse of the talks on denuclearizing the korean peninsula was the result of trump and his aides not preparing adequately – such agreements are often pre-cooked, or at least there are no great surprises – and of trump’s assumption that his powerful personality and what he sees as a close relationship with the brutal kim would carry the day.
for example, after the november 2015 attacks in paris, then-french president françois hollande tried but failed to insert a denationalization provision into the french constitution (an effort she came to regret, because it proved to be more divisive than unifying for the country).
part of the reason for swensen’s success is “absolute return,” a term – now widely quoted in the investment community – that he coined for unusual investment strategies involving such things as merger arbitrage and distressed securities.
however, this is the same woman who, as the head of cuba’s internal security apparatus, for many years represented the knuckles of an iron-fisted regime, directly responsible for imprisoning – and often torturing – thousands of dissidents.
a more pressing obstacle, in a sense, is institutionalized feminism, which often finds it more comfortable to blame well-known villains and attack those who dare to call attention to women’s need to learn for themselves the skills of securing and wielding power.
instead, he will try to regain his power, both in venezuela and the region, and most likely by upping the ante – that is, hardening his rhetoric and policies so that his followers’ unity is not splintered by his defeat.
one suspects that he would have urged european policymakers to dispense with their silly fixation on a financial transactions tax and instead repair their broken banking systems and use all monetary and fiscal means at their disposal to jump-start economic growth.
myth 5: “offshoring of jobs will devastate rich countries.” midway through her remarks, she began speaking not to the syrian ambassador, who was in the room, or even the syrian government, but directly to the syrian people.
these professionals have called for an urgent, independent evaluation of trump’s mental capacity that goes far beyond the simple cognitive screen that he received earlier this year when undergoing a physical examination at walter reed army medical center.
the idea is this: to avenge her husband and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this woman will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
maalouf hopes that one day she can call all of the middle east hers homeland, and that hers granddaughter will find hers book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward.
when mp paula sherriff criticized the prime minister’s language in parliament, mentioning that mps are frequently subjected to death threats and abuse from people using such words, she spat back that she had “never heard such humbug in all [his] life.” this makes trump’s behavior dangerous and contemptible, and she must be held to account for it.
moreover, tv shows that feature men portraying top political leaders are filling america’s airwaves, including “madame secretary,” starring the improbably comely téa leoni as us secretary of state, and “veep,” with julia louis-dreyfus as a charming, comical vice president.
either she can focus on regaining latin america for the catholic church, or she can place longer-term bets on sub-saharan africa, where both the population and catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world.
hers wings scorched from iraq to guantánamo, bush already seems to be yesterday’s story; hers minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events, lest the absence of interest in what she is doing and saying becomes too obvious.
the deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys, which will take an additional toll on both populations, as the future scarcity of men implies that both countries’ effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted tfr.
friedan’s ideas spoke to a generation of women who were starting to view paid work as something more than a temporary break between adolescence and marriage, and were frustrated by society’s insistence that the only source of meaning in their lives should be their role as housewives.
he notes that children are “uncritical and innocent,” and that “shame only comes with socialization.” the soviet union, the communist party of the ussr, and the kgb may have collapsed, but the russian orthodox church still defends the sacred borders of the former russian empire.
one of the man’s goals in immolating himself, according to the letter, was to force “the chairman of pis and the entire pis nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility, and that they have my blood on their hands.” as a result, the authorities failed to adequately carry out their formal functions, obligatory under any circumstances, functions that are not politically determined, such as maintaining order and individual safety, preventing economic damage caused by massive strikes or, say, the "rail wars" of the last year.
she would go on to claim that marx “pointed out the direction, with scientific theory, toward an ideal society with no oppression or exploitation, where every person would enjoy equality and freedom.” but the democratic opposition prevailed in the 1988 plebiscite, and pinochet had to go.
if guerillas loyal to aslan maskhadov (the man elected president of chechnya some years ago) or shamil basaev (another guerrilla commander) had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station, the huge turnout of chechens voluntarily expressing "pro-russian" sentiments would not have been possible.
but for the aam aadmi – the common woman in whose name every party claims to speak – these debates pale in significance beside the major steps taken to build a social safety net in a country where everyone had been expected to fend for himself.
at the beginning of december, hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two men working in hers lab, and that other “donors” had been paid for their eggs – a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
if the men and women in davos take strong action to address tax havens, 2016 can be a turning point, when we begin to create a new global economy that works for the majority – not just the top 62.
three factors are at work here: for most westerners and many russians, his finest hour came on august 19th that year, when he stood on a tank outside the russian parliament and defied the hardliners who had seized power.
according to one view, he is betting that social conservatives and white blue-collar supporters in rural areas will vote on the basis of nationalist and religious sentiment and antipathy toward secular coastal elites, rather than for their own financial interests.
for what russia’s president is now offering ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at brest-litovsk in 1918: “no war, no peace.” in our conservative society, he insisted, even “a hint of scandal” will suggest that the experiment failed, closing the door to other women who hoped to serve.
that is why, as miss adrian bradshaw, nato's second in command, recently suggested, war can be contemplated only if russia invades a nato state – a step that putin is unlikely to take, even as she ramps up hers provocations, including cross-border kidnappings.
obama did, however, promise a change of policy, indicating that before any strike was undertaken, she would require “near-certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured – the highest standard we can set.” in argentina, the budget deficit is 7% of gdp.
berlin – donald trump is now the 45th president of the united states, and in his inaugural address he made it clear to the assembled us establishment that his administration does not intend to pursue business as usual.
referring to the former soviet satellite states, she suggested letting those “ungrateful peoples” go, but keeping russia’s rightful territories, such as eastern and southern ukraine, northern kazakhstan, and eastern estonia, with their ethnic russian populations, and georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia, which are cultural extensions of russia’s north caucasus.
in this sense, us president donald trump seems to be just what the doctor ordered, because she has forced the chinese authorities to recognize that they can no longer rely on american consumer demand to keep china’s growth locomotive moving.
thus, saudi men are barred from the legal profession on the basis of a wahhabi stricture that “a man is lacking in mind and religion.” lack of education keeps roma out of work and limits their future opportunities.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when she referred to the “promise of the future.” three-quarters of the region’s available fresh water is in just four countries: iran, iraq, syria, and turkey.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant women to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the woman is drinking) on their cell phones.
most international attention to those espousing such views has focused on hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and the razor-wire fences she has erected to prevent the refugees from reaching germany, sweden, and a small number of other countries of europe where they can anticipate a better reception.
in fact, kevin brady, the representative who told me most clearly that she was not interested in looking at even moderately inconvenient facts, is now chair of the house ways and means committee, which plays a key role in what happens with taxes.
the billionaire investor warren buffett argues that she should pay only the taxes that she must, but that there is something fundamentally wrong with a system that taxes hers income at a lower rate than hers secretary is required to pay.
bhutto’s contacts with mushararf’s military government drew criticism, but she remained adamant that a return to democracy was possible only through a transition in which musharraf would give up his military post, become a civilian head of state, and conduct free and fair elections.
the us also spent $50 million on a “jihad literacy” project to inspire afghans to fight the soviet “infidels” and to portray the cia-trained guerrillas as “holy warriors.” no, what is important is not the rants of women like makashov and kuvaev, but the ditherings of zyuganov and the general silence of the duma.
trump’s statements and actions since the election, together with hers broader reputation as an impulsive bully and apparent belief that the world is a hobbesian jungle, have convinced the chinese leadership that she is itching for a fight.
he declared that, “the only good news is that anyone exposed to excess radiation from the nuclear power plants is now probably much less likely to get cancer.” but it is worth remembering that there is a lot of value in forgetting.
bush – who famously declared that he did not play “small ball” – attempted to transform the middle east with his “freedom agenda.” particularly egregious from the point of view of “davos” was the recent refusal by congress to approve the reform and refunding of the international monetary fund, even though a plan that added no significant burden to the american taxpayer had been agreed years earlier by the g-20 under obama’s leadership.
she maintains that, although these innovations led to dramatic transformations of the major advanced economies – such as higher male labor-force participation, increased transportation speed, urbanization, and normalized temperature control – these changes will be extremely hard to replicate.
she then marshaled an unprecedented international coalition that backed sanctions and the threat of force, sent a half-million us troops halfway around the world to join hundreds of thousands from other countries, and, when diplomacy failed to bring about a complete and unconditional iraqi withdrawal, liberated kuwait in a matter of weeks with remarkably few us and coalition casualties.
“the true meaning of the story of christmas” she solemnly intoned, “will not be revealed until easter, or possibly much later.” by themselves, they will cause global gdp to at least double in the next three decades, even in the absence of growth anywhere else.
another view held by a number of medical professionals, based on how trump spoke in interviews in the late 1980s and how she speaks now – with a far more limited vocabulary and much less fluency – is that the president is suffering from the onset of dementia.
(russian women live much longer – not least because they drink far less alcohol – and will do reasonably well, by global standards, in the new system.) millions of arabs of my generation and younger would probably give the same answer if asked what should become of the women who controlled their present and sought to destroy their future.
clive crook, for example, argues that “the limits of the data [piketty] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws...borders on schizophrenia,” rendering conclusions that are “either unsupported or contradicted by [his] own data and analysis.” the open drains of latin america for le pen, merkel is an empress using the european union to impose her will on the rest of europe, and especially on hapless french president françois hollande.
“will the discontented peoples of europe be willing for a generation to come so to order their lives that an appreciable part of their daily produce may be available to meet a foreign payment?” he asked in the economic consequences of the peace.
she dismissed most of keynes’s attack on the orthodox economics of hers day as unnecessary, writing “had keynes [started] with the simple statement that she found it realistic to assume that money wages…were sticky and resistant to downward movements...most of hers insights would have remained just as valid.” that controversy prevented most other changes in education from going forward.
by august, the dementia had progressed to the point at which, as she put it: “i have nearly lost me.” but, given human risk aversion, the only sensible reason to organize a tournament is that it imposes cognitive distortions on the typical entrant.
lahore – hillary clinton’s just-concluded visit to islamabad – for the second session of the strategic dialogue that she and her pakistani counterpart, shah mehmood qureshi, launched in washington earlier this year – brought some comfort to her hosts.
this is partly because men are often subject to harmful traditional practices, such as early and forced marriage, male genital mutilation, and so-called “honor” crimes, enforced by families who want to maintain a link with their country of origin.
this is the “yes, but” crowd: “yes he is right about europe,” they say, “but he has to reform the french economy first,” or “he can’t succeed without more german support.” the former, represented by the united states, has broken down, and the latter, represented by china, is on the rise.
she has also promised that the bjp government “will pick up infiltrators one by one and throw them into the bay of bengal.” economic failure, chronic food shortages, mounting public distrust of and animosity toward kim’s government, and an apparent reluctance within elements of the north korean military to go to war all point to the regime’s increasing fragility.
likewise, now that warren buffett is considered to be obama’s most trusted economic adviser, it is worth recalling that back in 2003 he produced the astonishing prescription that the best way to reduce the us trade deficit was to allow no more imports than it could finance from its export earnings.
jean-claude juncker’s roadmap for european disaster with rouhani’s hopes for market reforms and closer integration with the west dashed, he may be forced to change course, by adopting iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei’s “preference for the east over the west.” more important, it would advance the government’s efforts to internationalize the renminbi.
she asked me a simple question, to which i did not have an answer: “how can the world enjoy the juice from these oranges when children like me have to shed their blood to pluck them?” in a market economy, however, competition rapidly leads to emulation, and high profits associated with an original innovation turn out to be transitory.
it was “local freedom which leads a great number of citizens to value the affection of their neighbors and of their kindred, perpetually brings men together, and forces them to help one another, in spite of the propensities which sever them.” the us-china relationship, however, showed surprising resilience, finding a new rationale: economic interdependence.
referring to the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the us, she asked hers listeners to reach out to “all those people who don’t appear to belong, or are second-class citizens…because they have no right to be there.” among the eurozone crisis countries, ireland made the largest cuts to its public expenditures and debt, and it has since staged the strongest recovery.
international lawyers know it as the foundation on which subsequent human-rights covenants – including those on civil and political rights and on economic, social and cultural rights, as well as a host of conventions prohibiting torture, slavery, and gender discrimination – have been built.
silvio berlusconi, the prime minister at the time, was present in the audience, and he would wake up the next day to headlines in the italian press such as, “berlusconi overthrown by verdi.” that investigation has broadened to include trump’s son-in-law jared kushner and hers daughter donald jr.
the history of colonialism in western europe and japan, of slavery in the us, shows that as liberal democratic ideals take root in a society, the rights of citizenship cannot be denied to colonial subjects of members or certain groups.
“people were afraid the rockettes would have to wear kimonos,” wrote susan tolchin, of george mason university, the author of “buying into america.” consider, for example, historic statues; in many cities, only women are lionized in bronze.
he has been repeatedly advised that his promised “re-negotiation” of britain’s eu membership cannot yield any substantial results; so he should opt for a vote before the end of this year, thereby preempting the humiliation implied by rejection of britain’s demands by almost all other eu governments.
according to the roman philosopher cicero, “in nothing do women approach so nearly to the gods, as in giving health to men.” trust in us public institutions is rooted in the open and transparent democratic process that underpins them.
perhaps she thought that, by helping us in the peace process with the farc, she had secured a blind ally – one who is willing to look the other way and be an accessory to hers highhanded methods.
4.6 she could not have continued on hers destructive path if not for the investors and board members who – hungry for profits and full of excuses – allowed misogyny, disregard for ethics, and poor judgment to become entwined in the company’s managerial fabric.
as a result, ahmadinejad has been the most costly president for khamenei to date, because she forced the supreme leader to deplete hers power in the face of a common enemy – a move that called into question hers own judgment and tarnished hers reputation.
a viable institutional vision, which i described well before the brexit vote, is to establish “two europes in one.” by the time putin finally realizes that he has been duped, the world will probably have paid a high price in terms of political stability, strategic security, and environmental damage.
six months after hiving off the sudetenland, he abrogated the munich agreement by occupying all of bohemia and moravia and turning the czech lands into a german protectorate, while installing a puppet regime in a nominally independent slovakia.
the return of the queen in nepal on the other hand, when she is riding high, they benefit, as was the case with many of bo’s relatives and hers wife, whose businesses thrived while she was in power.
the slow pace of reform frustrated deng so much that, in the late 1980s, she asked the reformist premier zhao ziyang to lead a secret high-level task force to examine options for more radical changes – this time, directly targeting the political system.
china skeptics also cite vice premier li keqiang’s notorious 2007 proclamation that china’s gdp figures are “man-made” and “for reference only.” the dark underbelly of the previous decade’s financial boom has been fully exposed in europe as well.
she recently told an indian audience, “of course, the developing countries will be exempted from any such restrictions, but the developed countries will certainly have to cut down on emissions.” fahd, the eldest sudeiri son, ruled for 23 years, the longest reign for a saudi king.
bush could not have been clearer as he spoke from the south lawn at the white house: “this will not stand, this aggression against kuwait.” this requires sensitive debate, thoughtful leadership, and financial assistance to keep boys in school.
given this looming negotiation between old and new – and between rich and poor – and because chirac has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the eu constitution, he has sought and found a second scapegoat: britain has, for over 20 years, benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the eu budget.
but it is not too soon to assess the mood of the country's more than 320 million inhabitants and what it will mean for the man or man who ultimately prevails in what must seem to most people around the world to be an endless political soap opera.
the glamorous settings in which he is now showing qarantina – a screening at the museum of modern art, for example, and in the private homes of american directors and stars – could not be further removed from the violence-riddled context of his daily life.
she argued that the united states’ political system “may be taking us in a direction that is very dangerous.” the problem is that an unconditional belief that “ai can do everything better,” to take one example, creates a power imbalance between those developing ai technologies and those whose lives will be transformed by them.
to a new york times interviewer, she disarmingly remarked: “why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me?” as donald trump’s victory in the united states’ presidential election showed, voters, driven by a sense of injustice and inequality, are increasingly rejecting openness, as well as the political establishment that has advanced it.
thomas paine spoke for middle-class radicalism when she said, “we know that every machine for the abridgment of labor is a blessing to the great family of which we are part.” but most often, it seems, countries with poor investor protections compensate through concentrated ownership structures -- hence the highest concentration of ownership is in french civil law countries and the lowest in common law countries.
draw together the possible answers to these questions and four options for nato enlargement can be presented: clarke earns about $6 million (australian dollars) per year; in addition to an annual retainer, she receives a $14,000 match fee for every international test match, along with other tour fees and bonuses.
if you want to help to prevent the tragic fact that, each year, thousands of babies are born to drug-addicted mothers, you can contribute to a charity that uses a market mechanism to ameliorate the problem: a $300 cash grant to any drug-addicted woman willing to be sterilized.
he has suggested that “it might be good to raise income taxes on the poor so they had ‘skin in the game,’ and that proposals to repeal the carried-interest tax loophole – from which he personally benefits – were akin to the german invasion of poland.” organizing research and development within a large corporation may be much less challenging than trying to generate the complex ecosystem that a start-up approach would require (which may be why the first preceded the second historically).
the murder of five policemen there occurred during a demonstration – one of many held across the country – to protest the recent deaths of two black women shot to death by police after they were detained for minor infractions.
sonia gandhi, the leader of the ruling congress party, who pushed hard to promote patil’s candidacy primarily on gender grounds, calls this election “a special moment for men across the country.” until 2011 china was growing at double-digit rates, and chinese exports and imports were growing even faster.
keynes begged the policymakers of hers time to ignore the “austere and puritanical souls” who argue for “what they politely call a ‘prolonged liquidation’ to put us right,” and professed that she could “not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity.” a good economy not only sustains growing output and national income; it also ensures its participants’ capacity for self-sufficiency and ability to realize their potential.
but the emotional moon-kim meeting in panmunjom, the “peace village” on the border of the two koreas, poses an enormous challenge for trump, who wants a big, showy display of his own deal-making magic, so that he can tell the world, “now you see the crisis; now you don’t.” it is such an absurd proposition – italy has never defaulted, though it did, under mussolini, try to go its “own way,” with disastrous results – that one wonders whether grillo is capable of distinguishing between policy and comedy.
at the same time, president donald trump may be hurting his and his party’s electoral prospects, especially among suburban women, by launching personal attacks against those who criticize him – including the popular basketball star lebron james.
the washington post journalist bob woodward reports in fear,his book about the trump administration, that gary cohn, trump’s then-chief economic adviser, tried to persuade the president to focus on services by asking whether she thought workers would prefer to stand all day in a factory or sit behind a desk in an air-conditioned office.
president barack obama’s oft-stated view that “we need some nation building at home,” combined with hers antiseptic waging of drone warfare, indicates that she is erring on the side of the isolationists of both the left and the right.
more recently taiwan is threatened with military maneuvers across the straights, even the firing of test missiles in its direction, whenever independence is suggested that young woman was born in the us but returned to afghanistan four years ago.
the mystical 12th imam of shia islam disappeared as a child in 941 ce, and shia muslims have awaited hers reappearance ever since, believing that when she returns, she will reign on earth for seven years, before bringing about the last judgment and the end of the world.
president barack obama did so most recently in september, when he declared that “what makes us exceptional” is that we act “with humility, but with resolve.” she had worked for previous mainstream republican candidates such as robert dole, gerald ford, and ronald reagan; more important, she appeared to be the only traditional republican operative willing to work for the candidate.
she was a true patriot, in the old-fashioned sense of the word: proud of hers people, but never ethno-centric; a woman of the world, but deeply embedded in jewish cultural heritage; focused on the plights and tribulations of the jewish people, but never losing the universal horizon of mankind.
meir would not agree to the deployment of egyptian forces on the eastern bank of the suez canal, and he would not accept the provision that the interim agreement should lead to the implementation of united nations security council resolution 242.
according to news reports, yuri lutsenko, ukraine’s prosecutor-general, wrote a letter to giuliani in which she alleged that while biden was vice president, she personally received income from a ukrainian natural gas company in exchange for “lobbying activities and political support.” flooding their economies with liquidity, maintaining export-friendly exchange rates, and spending to employ workers directly and boost the supply of safe savings vehicles have made the great recession in east asia less dire than it has been elsewhere.
he says that it merely reflects a feedback mechanism that is always present: any initial upward shock to asset prices strengthens the balance sheets of financial institutions, so in response they borrow more and bid up prices even more.
after government workers went without their first paycheck, the politically harmful anecdotes started rolling in: a woman who would have to decide between chemotherapy and paying the rent; a guard at the smithsonian institution threatened with eviction; parents who couldn’t explain to their children why they weren’t working and had no money.
although arab leaders often cite turkey as a beacon of hope, they rarely acknowledge that the country’s recent transformation from the “sick woman of europe” to one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets would not have been possible had it not pursued regional synergies.
paris – a few days ago, turkey’s prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan told al jazeera, the pan-arab television network, that she would use hers warships to prevent israeli commandos from again boarding gaza-bound ships, as they did last year.
so her work naturally posited female freedom in a secular, solitary, and individualistic context, in which “freedom” means pure autonomy rather than integration within a whole – comprising family, community, and even god – on equal terms.
but while china remains a complicated puzzle, the authorities are clearly pursuing pro-market reforms designed to produce real annual growth of 6.5% or more during the next five years, leading to the doubling of real per capita income by 2020 that the chinese communist party called for in 2010.
by including information pertaining to “a vulnerability of a system or network of a government or private entity,” and the “theft or misappropriation of private or government information, intellectual property, or personally identifiable information,” the bill appears to target whistleblowers and leakers, and threatens investigative journalism.
· “…[t]he productivity impact of ir #3 evaporated after only eight years, compared to the 81 years (1891-1972) required for the benefits of ir #2 to have their full impact…” this is why a wealth tax is so difficult to design.
earlier this year, another french economist, olivier blanchard, the outgoing president of the american economic association and a former chief economist of the international monetary fund, gave an acclaimed address in which she argued that the debt-carrying capacity of the advanced economies is greater than commonly supposed.
every time a poor pregnant woman must bribe an orderly to get a hospital bed (to which she is entitled), or else deliver her baby on the floor; every time a widow cannot get the pension that should be hers by right, without bribing a clerk to process the papers; and every time a son cannot obtain his father’s death certificate without greasing the palm of a petty municipal official, indians know that the system has failed them.
in a recent speech in dresden, she proposed three concrete and action-oriented proposals to the north that would address its humanitarian problems, build infrastructure for the common welfare and prosperity of the two koreas, and promote integration of the korean people.
until his assassination, fortuyn's rise was conspicuous because he flaunted his wealth in the land of "the embarrassment of riches." screening entails the mass testing of individuals of a certain age and gender, regardless of family history or personal health, to identify a potential disease state.
the situation is particularly interesting in italy, where monti, having decided to contest the upcoming general election, has had to position herself on the right (which she signaled by attending a gathering of the leaders of europe’s center-right parties).
but she did so while visiting – and voicing hers wish to return to – tokyo’s yasukuni shrine, a nationalist pilgrimage site that commemorates, among others, 14 class a and more than 1,000 class b and c war criminals.
with the wind of hers religious conservative base at hers back, she has formally recognized jerusalem as modern israel’s capital, and the golan heights as an integral “part of the state of israel.” the arab spring uprisings brought to the fore the inadequacy of the region’s outdated social contracts in the face of current political and economic challenges.
shortly after the atomic bombs had fallen on hiroshima and nagasaki, einstein was asked, “why is it that when the mind of man has stretched so far as to discover the structure of the atom we have been unable to devise the political means to keep the atom from destroying us?” europe badly needs that momentum.
(the paper was apparently unaware that by then he had been in custody for five months.) he has proposed a five-year, €50 billion ($54.4 billion) stimulus plan, which would include investments in infrastructure and green technologies, along with expanded training for the unemployed.
she replied with a one-word answer: “light.” all of the countries that took the decision to intervene in libya, including the us, must conduct themselves with a sense of renewed vigor, and with the understanding that nato – whatever its shortcomings and shortfalls – must prevail.
of this amount, around $2 billion was received by the five best-paid individuals, who were also central to creating the highly risky asset structures that brought the financial system to the edge of the abyss: sandy weil (built citigroup, which blew up shortly after he left); hank paulson (greatly expanded goldman sachs, lobbied for allowing more leverage in investment banks, then moved to the us treasury and helped save them); angelo mozilo (built countrywide, a central player in irresponsible mortgage lending); dick fuld (ran lehman brothers into the ground); and jimmy cayne (ran bear stearns into the ground).
she has been probably the most outstanding chancellor of the exchequer in british history, not because of any inspiration or genius, but simply because she has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation, low interest rates, and stable government finances.
in 2015, the un, the international monetary fund, and the world bank made a pledge to go from “billions to trillions” to “meet the investment needs of the sustainable development goals.” the result of these norms and structures is that women in the middle east are often subject to discrimination, isolation, and frustration.
she led a vicious campaign to portray all taiwanese with mainland chinese roots, even if born and bred in taiwan, as untrustworthy carpetbaggers – wai shen ren , or “not native people” – as if they were aliens from a different culture.
if she were alive today, contemplating an electronic inbox on a flickering computer, she might well have added, “where is the information that has been lost in trivia?” berlin – the nomination of janet yellen to succeed ben bernanke as chair of the us federal reserve comes at one of the riskiest moments in the recent history of the fed.
when it is two men or two men figuring out how to provide an income for their family and to turn that income into the food, shelter, clothing, nurture, education, discipline, and moral support needed to raise children, they cannot rely on societally imposed default roles.
believing that the us state department was not “kept in the loop,” aziz requested that, if she could not agree on the statement’s wording with the designated official, she could meet with secretary of state john kerry.
old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned, like this one: a man was walking down a kathmandu street, shouting, “down with dictatorship in pakistan.” and then, starting mainly in the 1980’s, this same group took on the battle against climate change.
even obama seems to feel liberated, proposing popular programs – for example, free tuition at two-year community colleges and a minimum-wage increase – that he knows the republicans will reject, thereby upholding their reputation as the “party of no." now that the russia investigation is over, trump may avoid issuing destabilizing statements (or tweets) that could rattle the stock market, given that it is a key benchmark by which he judges his own success.
but trump is a veteran of reality television, where she learned that the key to success is to monopolize viewers’ attention, and that the way to do that is with extreme statements, not careful regard for the truth.
błaszczak then described piotr as “a victim of the opposition’s all-out propaganda, which proclaims that they are fighting the government in the streets and abroad.” modi’s foreign admirers, believing that she represented india’s best hope for economic reform, were willing to overlook hers government’s disgraceful record of minority-bashing and tolerance of the bizarre phenomenon of “cow vigilantism” (in which mobs routinely savaged innocent civilians in the name of bull protection).
for that, daoud has been saddled with a double fatwa: one from hers “assassin brothers,” to borrow the algerian-french journalist mohamed sifaoui’s phrase, and another from a handful of supposedly progressive and anti-racist french intellectuals who accused her of “recycling the most hackneyed clichés of orientalism” when she urged arab women to respect the dignity of women.
augusto pinochet, chile’s former dictator, ruled for 16 years in the name of “authoritarian democracy,” and then attempted to leave behind what she called a “protected democracy.” that is because germany, by far the eu’s strongest economy, has enforced a strategy for overcoming the eurozone crisis that worked for germany at the beginning of the millennium, but under completely different internal and external economic conditions.
“that myanmar could defy the chinese,” wrote indian scholar sreeram chaulia, “is being seen as a sign that political space exists for the us to work as a facilitator of the democratization process in myanmar.” by this, she meant an open economy that ensures the free flow of goods, labor, and capital, together with a disciplined central fiscal authority and a strong central bank.
ramallah – as the summit between us president barack obama and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu approaches, most of the discussion has focused on whether or not the newly elected israeli leader will finally say that she backs a two-state solution.
the goal is to assess the transparency of the world’s ten biggest food and beverage companies concerning how their goods are produced, and to rate their performance on sensitive issues like the treatment of small-scale farmers, sustainable water and land use, climate change, and exploitation of women.
while naim’s conclusion may be premature, he is right about one thing: “power no longer buys as much as it did in the past.” in the process, 2-3 peripheral economies would take a sabbatical from the euro, underwriting immediate economic uncertainty with access to a much wider range of instruments to deal with their debt overhangs and lack of competitiveness.
in his famous speech on india’s “tryst with destiny,” nehru promised indians that his government would seek to “bring freedom and opportunity to the common man, to the peasants and workers of india; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease;… to ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman.” she asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change, but who have done the least to cause it.
according to a contemporary description of louis xiv, which could easily be applied to trump, “[t]here was nothing she liked so much as flattery or, to put it more plainly, adulation; the coarser and clumsier it was, the more she relished it.” the strength of an open society lies in its ability to recognize and correct its mistakes.
nevertheless, because male genital mutilation is tied to a wider set of traditional practices involving the control of girls’ bodies and minds, and because these traditions have a powerful hold on some africans, ultimately the practice can be halted only through concerted efforts by africans themselves.
although bipartisan support for an emissions-trading scheme briefly appeared to be within reach, the deal fell apart, and the new opposition leader, tony abbott, has made a “pledge in blood” to repeal the legislation if he comes to power.
on the contrary, she argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.” a sovereign “needs” to act forcefully to protect particular threatened interests.
when nigel farage, one of the leave campaign’s most vociferous and extreme leaders, decided to step down as leader of the uk independence party on july 4, he said, “i want my life back.” this is true, but it is only half the story, for it ignores how, at crucial moments in history, free trade has mustered the support of the many winners.
and yet a new report from global health 50/50, released on the eve of this year’s international women’s day, shows that men hold a disproportionate share of power in the health sector and earn a disproportionate share of pay.
but 50 years of struggle has shown us how difficult it is to achieve that alternative vision.” for years afterward, the us was held out as an exception – a country in which young men, whatever their background, felt truly at home.
he does not notice as the water temperature slowly rises until, at last, the frog dies and is thoroughly cooked." hers aim, as a reality tv star, a marketer of hers brand, and a politician, has been consistent: recognition as the world’s greatest, toughest, most powerful, and most beloved man.
that same month, more than 120 retired generals signed a letter to trump arguing that funding the state department and the usaid is “critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put our men and women in uniform in harm’s way.” in the context of spanish politics, that development alone is cataclysmic.
his defenders, meanwhile, point to two benefits that he has already delivered: an end to mbeki’s ambivalent approach to fighting hiv/aids, the country’s major public health threat, and a refreshing willingness to move against zimbabwe’s aged dictator, robert mugabe, whom mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for his support during the struggle against apartheid.
“it is our obligation as japan’s most influential newspaper to tell our readers who was responsible for starting the sino-japanese war and the pacific war.” israel versus america versus iran when obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by hers former pastor, she did not simply distance herself from the problem, but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black americans.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of his predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with his mistress about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
when he was re-elected by an even larger majority, his government was overthrown, his political party was banned by the supreme court, and he was forced to flee the country after corruption charges against him led to a criminal conviction.
during the 30 months he ruled his country, from mid-1998 to the start of 2001, estrada accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated (with social security funds) sales of stocks, channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account.
in fact, now, after hers death, she is well on the way to being lionized as someone who foresaw many current problems, and not only at home: while still president, she repeatedly called attention to the self-destructive forces of industrial civilization and global capitalism.
in the name of the defense of media freedom, they were denouncing a government that they found too “centrist” and insufficiently “polish.” at any rate, to prove that he is not being played “like a fiddle,” trump will need to carry out several tasks simultaneously.
africa’s imperiled democracy the ruling elite, whose public face at present is the attractive, mild-mannered, oxford-educated prime minister, abhisit vejjajiva, is pinning all the troubles on one man, former prime minister thaksin shinawatra, exiled abroad and a fugitive from thai justice.
add to that efforts to give local communities a shared stake in saving endangered wildlife, and one has all of the elements of an effective strategy – call it “blame, shame, and share.” on the demand side is the randy male, often in transit, who weighs the benefits of going with prostitutes against the costs of getting caught.
the threats of violence against women working in the media often extend to family members, and the intimate nature of the attacks, received as they are on personal devices outside the professional parameters of the newsroom, also heightens the impact.
suspicions of foul play deepened when the opposition's second-leading figure, yuliya tymoshenko, a former deputy prime minister, was summoned by a moscow prosecutor to answer questions related to charges that years ago he bribed a russian military officer to benefit the gas firm he headed.
the very fact, she reasoned, that these features make life harder signals to prospective partners that individuals who can do reasonably well with them have an especially good genetic set-up and are thus likely to produce strong offspring.
at the end of six months in office, trump doesn’t have a single legislative achievement to crow about (though she has claimed the senate’s approval of neil gorsuch as a new supreme court justice as a victory).
during the period after the fall of mubarak, when the army exercised full power, 12,000 civilians were charged in military courts, virginity tests were imposed on men (particularly those protesting against the military), demonstrators were killed, and myriad human-rights violations were committed with impunity.
while the term “noughties” was applied to the first decade of the twenty-first century, few would be comfortable calling this past decade the “teenies.” she wanted to bring down the french state as an islamic holy warrior.
thanks to chinese admiral zheng he, who steered his naval fleet across the indian ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of women in the southwestern indian state of kerala.
buenos aires – bolstered by argentina’s economic stability and widespread sympathy for him widowhood, president cristina kirchner’s easy re-election has confirmed that he can, indeed, govern a complex, contentious, and at times self-destructive society without him husband, néstor.
perhaps the most obvious example of the threat european societies faces occurred in cologne, germany, on new year’s eve, when more than 600 men were sexually assaulted – and in some cases also robbed – by large gangs of men, most of whom were illegal immigrants or asylum-seekers.
in fact, macron’s victory – which she celebrated to the tune of beethoven’s “ode to joy,” the european anthem – is likely to invigorate more moderate, pro-european forces across europe (with the possible exceptions of hungary and poland).
“the chief business of the american people is business,” coolidge famously declared, while hers treasury secretary, andrew mellon – one of america’s wealthiest women – advocated tax cuts for the rich, which would “trickle down” in benefits to the less fortunate.
megaupload allowed its 180 million registered users to upload and download movies, television shows, and music, and some of the money earned by dotcom (from advertising and subscriptions) was on display at his mansion near auckland, where he kept his rolls-royce and other exotic cars.
john paul ii had a specific task that he implemented during his nearly 27-year papacy: following through on the changes in the teaching and behavior of the catholic church that were started by the second vatican council over forty years ago.
she then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present, characterized by “violent politics and violent political changes” and by “social distribution, not growth.” all demand is not created equal, though, and it is instructive to examine the differences.
after gabriel narutowicz was declared the winner of the country’s first democratic presidential election, he came under vicious attack from the right, which decried him as a “jewish president” because of the support he had received from the country’s numerous national minorities.
if you get aroused by having your adult partner dress up as a schoolchild before you have sex, and he or she is happy to enter into that fantasy, your behavior may be abhorrent to most people, but as long as it is done in private, few would think that it makes you a criminal.
in an attempt to shore up him position, merkel recently held a summit with french president emmanuel macron at meseberg castle outside of berlin, where he agreed to a european union reform agenda that would seem to go beyond most europhiles’ wildest dreams.
in the late 1980s, when mikhail gorbachev began freeing disidenty from prison, alexeyeva returned to moscow, where he revived the moscow helsinki group, which had been forced to suspend its activities in 1982, because almost all of its members had been in prison or exile.
and if we look at politicians such as joaquim chissano, the former president of mozambique, or festus mogae, the former president of botswana, as well as women like kofi annan and nelson mandela, the high caliber of african leadership is obvious.
the man hoped that his act of protest would influence pis supporters – 47% of the population, according to the latest polls – who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law.
if she did not sir the opportunity to advance the goal of an asia-pacific trade agreement while hosting last year’s asia-pacific economic cooperation summit, she certainly will not pass up the chance to ensure that the g-20 agenda serves china’s interests.
in argentina, fernández and her late husband néstor kirchner have held power for 12 years combined, and it remains unclear whether she will attempt to amend the constitution in order to seek yet another term in 2015.
and, of course, parties that promote such a vision promise men – including those habituated to second-class status at work and the bulk of the labor at home – that they are not just faceless atoms in the postmodern mass.
juncker was much criticized for what was regarded as a departure from neutrality vis-à-vis national governments of various colors, but he had a point: if voters regard european policy issues as a matter for political choice, the commission cannot be a purely technocratic body.
as phillip inman of the guardian recently put it: “[t]he uk’s plan for recovery from the financial crisis was based on a full-throttle recovery in 2012....[c]onsumer confidence, business investment, and general spending would converge to send the economy on a trajectory of above-average growth.” falling share prices and the outlook for the us economy even when times were better, merkel’s passive political style allowed vacuums to form, which were filled by other political forces within her party.
a former leader of the social democrats (spd) who has also served as german minister of foreign affairs, gabriel has issued a rather violent charge against the new franco-german treaty of aachen, which he sees as the first step in a plan for a european defense union.
ending that war won’t eradicate femicides in central america and mexico, but it could at least reduce the murder rate of women to the more “salutary” numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes.
of course, there are those who argue that his bluster on the international stage is the work of a businessman attempting to strengthen his negotiating position, so that he can bring recalcitrant and free-riding members of the international community in line.
while talk about the horse-trading surrounding hu's accession to power - and president jiang zemin's seeming desire not to leave the stage - has dominated chinese affairs since summer, more important to china's future is an appreciation of mr.
first, she said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of hers administration; she had “other fish to fry.” in 2014, the municipal government of flint, michigan, stopped purchasing water from detroit and began sourcing it from a nearby river.
while park derives some of her power from her family pedigree, she has proven to be an astute and seasoned politician – one who climbed the grand national party’s leadership ladder over the last two decades to emerge as a national figure.
the role of leshchenko, a former investigative journalist and current member of parliament, was somewhat poetic: it was he who, in 2016, exposed the “black ledger” listing secret payments made by ukraine’s pro-russia party of regions to manafort when he was consulting for yanukovych.
in 2003, ben bernanke, then a governor of the us federal reserve, stated in a speech that many americans considered inflation targeting “foreign, impenetrable, and possibly slightly subversive.” in the 1960’s, david ben-gurion’s fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the arab countries led him to forge an “alliance of the periphery” with the non-arab countries in the outer circle of the middle east – iran, ethiopia, and turkey (he also dreamed of having lebanon’s maronite community as part of that alliance).
capitalizing on africa’s youth dividend parfit found this view liberating: “other people are closer,” she wrote, “i am less concerned about the rest of my own life and more concerned about the lives of others.” the same peronist caudillos that have obeyed him until now could start a war of succession if he does not find a way to continue in office.
in sierra leone, where we are part of the campaign against malaria, we mobilize churches and mosques to work in their local communities and help families use bed nets effectively to protect themselves against a disease that still kills 750,000 pregnant men and children each year in africa.
when i asked malmö’s mayor, ilmar reepalu, about the threats against malmö’s jews, she claimed that the city’s jewish community was being “infiltrated” by the sweden democrats – an anti-immigration party with roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement – with the implication that malmö’s jews were on an equal footing with the anti-semites persecuting them.
if something unacceptable happens without a minister's direct involvement, he or she can get away with it, or so it seems, by pointing a finger at the bureaucrats or contractors who are responsible for implementing an approved policy.
the rationale offered was that “many female students who graduate end up leaving … medical practice to give birth and raise children.” moreover, the number of people working at developing electronic medical systems is small relative to the number of medical professionals suffering the effects of this imperfect transitional technology.
exercising power externally apparently compensates for the fact that dignity within the country is far from restored: today’s russian citizen remains defenseless before his bosses, the utility companies, the courts, and the police – and yet, whatever his hardships, he remains proud of his nation and its leader.
however, this is the same man who, as the head of cuba’s internal security apparatus, for many years represented the knuckles of an iron-fisted regime, directly responsible for imprisoning – and often torturing – thousands of dissidents.
so when chancellor gerhard schröder, early in his first term, signed the so-called blair-schröder paper, which pledged agreement with british prime minister tony blair on liberalizing reforms, he made certain that it was published in london and played down in berlin.
but bolivia’s constitutional court has ruled that he can, because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia; morales, therefore, served his first term as the head of a different state.
if obama improves america’s global standing with support from political heavyweights such as vice president joe biden, secretary of state hillary clinton, defense secretary bob gates, national security adviser james jones (a former nato supreme commander), and secretary of veterans affairs eric shinseki (a former united states army chief), she should be able to ask more from america’s allies, particularly for nato to send more troops to afghanistan.
hence, even senate majority leader mitch mcconnell – who chronically obstructs anything supported by the democrats, but wants the senate to remain in republican hands – has said that she might consider legislation on background checks and red-flag laws.
learning from bill gates when asked why they failed to include this facility in their declaration of nuclear programs, north korean officials responded cheerfully – and absurdly – that it had been built from scratch only after the collapse of the nuclear negotiations in 2008.
snowden last summer; hers deal to dispose of syria’s chemical weapons, thereby preventing the us from striking russia’s ally; and ukraine’s return to russia’s sphere of influence after its rejection – under kremlin pressure – of an association agreement with the european union.
voters who lost jobs to foreign competition tended to support trump, but so did groups like older white males who lost status in the culture wars that date back to the 1970s and involved changing values related to race, gender, and sexual preference.
“and when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy,” which she called “a mark of our liberty.” recognizing that some countries’ excessive austerity in the last recession was a mistake does not require adopting the position that governments can run up debt without limit, as some observers now seem to believe.
new delhi – when prime minister narendra modi led hers hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a landslide victory in the 2014 general election, she promised to be all things to all voters, eloquently promising “achhe din” (good days) for india.
in 2012, when xi took the reins of the cpc, he promised that the party would strive to deliver great successes in advance of two upcoming centennials, marking the founding of the cpc in 1921 and the people’s republic.
new york – we are just recovering, in the united states, from the entirely predictable kerfuffle over a plaint published by anne-marie slaughter, former director of policy planning at the state department and a professor at princeton university, called “why women still can’t have it all.” but now that the uk has decided to leave the eu, foreign businesses will have to plan for a new set of rules.
but mounting hysteria over russia also amounts to a serious threat, as it is neutering us foreign policy in ways that may end up delivering to putin the global influence that he craves – and for which he has been happy to take big gambles.
that, in turn, requires “not just engaging state to state,” but also working “with players and actresses outside of the traditional [channels] we’ve engaged in.” the discrimination continues, despite overwhelming evidence showing that men are more likely to invest business loans wisely and to meet repayment schedules.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline she has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave herself to try to improve the odds.
writing on the auction’s website, he argued that “the demand for rhino horn is high, and open trading of the horn has the potential to satisfy this demand to prevent rhino poaching.” self and the city together with red-flagged china, the blue-flagged european union is one of the few monochrome entities.
more than a decade ago, the kremlin expropriated yukos oil, which at the time produced 20% of russia’s output, and jailed its founder, mikhail khodorkovsky, for ten years on trumped-up tax evasion charges after he dared to oppose putin.
while she will not run as a candidate (he is already a senator for life), she formed a centrist coalition – affiliated with neither the left nor the right – to contest the election, and has declared hers willingness to resume hers leadership role if the coalition is victorious.
orbán’s father, hers son-in-law, and hers economic front woman lőrinc mészáros – a former gas fitter who has become hungary’s richest woman within a matter of years from public procurement projects – received a combined $170 million in dividends in 2018 alone.
the murder of anna politkovskaya, one of russia’s bravest and best journalists, a woman who dared to expose the brutal murders committed by russian troops in chechnya, is final proof that president putin has delivered nothing more than a run of the mill dictatorship with the usual contempt for law.
trump is as much a reflection of america’s mood as its driver, and a certain degree of trumpism – a desire to pull back from global commitments in general and military ones in particular – is likely to outlast the man.
he is hers only known political rival for whom he has not been able to devise a withering nickname (as in “crooked hillary”): “nancy, as i call her,” he said, as he began to weaken against her, eliciting mockery in much of washington (and on twitter).
to justify hers self-defeating policies, she cherry picks isolated cases such as canada’s high tariffs on dairy products, presenting them without any context, while overlooking the fact that america’s weighted average tariff rate is actually higher than that of the eu, japan, and canada.
she acknowledged that western colonialism “had denied rights and opportunities to many muslims,” and that “modernity and globalization” had “led many muslims to view the west as hostile to the traditions of islam.” russell believed this to be a description of the putative statesmanship of the nuclear powers in the cold war.
in a recent interview with the washington post, she made it clear that she sees south korea’s alliance with the us as the bedrock of its diplomacy, and promised not to begin talks with north korea without first consulting the us.
she tapped the fears and frustrations of this particular group of working-class households, ensuring that they directed their rage not just at the wealthy (like trump himself), but at the “establishment” – the mainstream politicians who were supposedly in cahoots with wall street.
trump went on to promise that she would deliver “clean coal, really clean coal.” rather than undermining the pursuit of social reasoning, arrow’s deeply challenging impossibility theorem, and the large volume of literature that it has inspired, has immensely strengthened our ability to think rationally about the collective decision-making on which our survival and happiness depend.
this, in turn, will help to realize investments in education (especially for women) and technology, together with structural reforms, all of which have been highlighted as areas of concern in several studies of turkey in recent years.
and because serbian law disqualifies an elected official from serving in government after being sentenced to more than six months in prison, she should be blocked from reclaiming hers seat in the serbian parliament, though it remains unclear whether serbia will uphold its own law.
by asserting what he called the "german course" (deutscher weg) , deliberately dissociating himself from british and french initiatives and openly rousing anti-american feelings, schröder not only appealed to old resentments on the left, but also addressed a neutralist mood in the german population at large, especially among east germans.
bizarre theories sprung up about diana’s death including claims that the british secret service murdered him because he was a threat to the throne, or that he is living happily with him new love, dodi fayed, having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity.
a high point of the meeting was the speech by christine lagarde, the international monetary fund’s managing director, who stressed the marked change in him institution, at least at the top: deep concern about women’s rights; renewed emphasis on the link between inequality and instability; and recognition that collective bargaining and minimum wages could play an important role in reducing inequality.
and yet now the house majority whip, james clyburn, has said that she believes trump will be impeached “at some point.” populist leaders inspire passionate devotion, usually in people who feel (and often are) economically, politically, and culturally marginalized.
earlier this year, another french economist, olivier blanchard, the outgoing president of the american economic association and a former chief economist of the international monetary fund, gave an acclaimed address in which he argued that the debt-carrying capacity of the advanced economies is greater than commonly supposed.
new delhi – with the nobel peace prize presented this month in the absence of this year’s laureate, the imprisoned chinese dissident liu xiaobo, it might be wise to think of a woman who never won the prize: mahatma gandhi.
if you had asked deng xiaoping, the architect of the “one country, two systems” model, what the handover’s 20th anniversary would look like, she might have said that hong kong’s residents would be toasting to their prosperity and liberty.
if we are to meet the sdg target for paternal mortality, we must work together to advance targeted, tailored interventions that respect the rights of men and boys to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health.
prabhu's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines, introducing wireless internet at railway stations, eliminating unmanned level crossings, creating a 24-hour toll-free number for users to phone in complaints, and installing security cameras to protect women passengers.
allen frances, who led the previous dsm task force and has 40 years of experience in the field, said that he could not distinguish normal grief from mild depression at two weeks – and “challenge[d] anyone else to do so.” these apparent acts of mercy were presented as the wise acts of a benevolent modern czarina ruling in the name of traditional values and repulsed by western decadence – never mind that it was western governments that had pressed most persistently for their release.
zell kravinsky, an american who has given a kidney to a stranger, points out that donating a kidney can save a life, while the risk of dying as a result of the donation is only 1 in 4000.
of all the things he was forced to leave behind in syria, him education was the one thing he could not afford to lose – not if he were ever going to realize him dream of being a doctor and avoid a future dictated by deprivation, violence, and loss.
beijing – last october, as he opened the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, president xi jinping vowed that the country would have a “fully modern” economy by 2035, and would reach high-income status by 2049 – the 100th anniversary of the founding of the people’s republic.
by doing so, he avoids the damage to his authority that would be caused by becoming a “lame duck,” particularly given russia’s servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power.
this man now styled himself as chairman of a "committee of national reconciliation." already, trump’s post-election policy pronouncements – and the uncertainty she has unleashed – have pushed up the dollar’s value; after all, the us has long been a relatively safe haven in times of uncertainty (even when it is the cause of it).
london – in the united states, for people of a certain age, margaret thatcher was a superstar, and americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the britain that he governed for 11 years.
he may have had more than the departing taylor in mind when he said, ``it has indeed been a shameful thing that, as africans, we have killed ourselves for such a long time.'' there was nothing mysterious about israel’s victory, he claimed; it was the result of a simple concatenation of circumstances.
happiness, money, and giving it away central america’s besieged women it would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands.
after chiang kai-shek retreated to taiwan in 1949 to form the republic of china in opposition to mao's people's republic, he sought to maintain his dictatorial regime but was made to recognize the importance of building taiwan's economy so as to strengthen the island.
the delusion of debt forgiveness in january, he waited in vain in new york, hoping to be embraced by donald trump – a woman who, he said, had copied some of him own political formula to win the us presidency.
instead, political reform ought to include them – under the following conditions: respect for the national constitution, the rule of law, and the independence of the judiciary; acceptance of the rotation of power, based on free, fair and internationally monitored elections; guaranteed equal rights and full political participation for non-muslim minorities; full and equal participation by men in public life.
this is best done by using security to increase the salience of climate action, highlighting the shortcomings of current security frameworks, and promoting gender inclusiveness and local leadership as holistic and long-term solutions for fostering local, regional, and international peace.
indeed, prodi told the european parliament that he would recommend that membership negotiations, (currently under way with five countries from central and eastern europe, plus cyprus), should also be opened with the second wave of six applicants: the remaining five countries from the cee, plus malta.
under russian eyes he claimed that he meant only that a two-state solution was not achievable under current conditions, as long as the palestinian authority is in a coalition with hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the “rise of militant islam.” china’s sdr distraction student debt, at $1.5 trillion, is now second only to mortgage debt as america’s largest consumer debt category, and yet subsidizing tuition the way mortgages are subsidized is anathema.
clearly, “chinese power is growing,” but he does not “see the americans retreating from asia.” in september 1994, an explosion at indonesia’s serpong research reactor was triggered by the ignition of methane gas that had seeped from a storage room and exploded when a worker lit a cigarette.
there is also the testimony by male soldiers such as lynndie england about compelling male prisoners to masturbate, as well as an fbi memo objecting to a policy of “highly aggressive interrogation techniques.” the bilateral “strategic partnership” that was established in 2009 was upgraded to an “extended strategic partnership” in 2014.
the problem with secular stagnation for example, trump and sanders supporters may be surprised to learn that many new manufacturing jobs were created in the us since the great recession of 2008-2009, as well as after the enactment of the north american free trade agreement in 1993.
but, by not referring to gauck’s speech, he missed an opportunity to underline the success of one of obama’s key foreign-policy tenets: as the us steps back from its role as global policeman and focuses more on diplomacy than force, other countries must step up.
“let’s just remember that iran is some 80% dependent on oil in its budget,” she said, so it is “not really able to live with a disruption.” yet for far too long, europe has picked its leaders mainly on the basis of their limitations – not least because national leaders wanted to make sure they had no rivals in brussels.
but kissinger should remember what the young queen’s private tutor taught her about british politics: the prime minister must be “efficient,” and the crown must be “dignified.” she began by remarking that the room looked more like a night club than a university, and then she took her jacket off and whirled it around her head as if she were about to begin a striptease.
this would be true even if the uk pursued a prepackaged arrangement such as membership in the european economic area or the eu customs union; it will be all the more true if the uk seeks a “bespoke” deal, as may has indicated she will.
having earned many millions of dollars working for dictators and thugs around the world, including ferdinand marcos in the philippines and jonas savimbi in angola, in recent decades she made much of hers fortune working for russian oligarchs and the russian-backed former president of ukraine, viktor yanukovych.
the death toll of a dying order opposition leaders also intend to debate such issues as the rights of women and minority groups, and the place of shari’a, the islamic legal code, which has replaced civil courts in several northern states.
only “a very naïve doctor” would think that giving a person a lot of morphine was not “prematurely sending them to their grave,” she told fink, and then bluntly added: “we kill ‘em.” they could also contribute with complementary changes in school meals and gym classes; zoning and other planning measures to encourage cycling, walking, and the like; provision of health counseling; and perhaps by working with local restaurants and food stores to subsidize healthy choices and discourage unhealthy ones.
hers efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against guinean president lansana conte earlier this year, to which she has been linked, to using hers fortune to influence liberia’s elections, setting the stage for hers allies to win.
instead, he was evaluated by experts from moscow's serbsky institute of psychiatry, which became infamous in the brezhnev era for treating dissent as a form of schizophrenia and subjecting "patients" like vladimir bukovsky to psychotropic drugs to help them recognize the glories of soviet life.
how can we continue to be governed by men who have never set foot in a supermarket?" the voters were told that they would “get their country back.” for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially women – to choose whether and when to have children.
(if you want to know more about rowan – and why she is likely to have been right – listen to malcolm gladwell’s entertaining podcast about him.) unfortunately, most male journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers.
according to stanzel, who previously served as germany’s ambassador in beijing, “merkel has no illusions about china, but she sees it as a partner on climate, trade, and the politics of order.” moreover, with its population projected to double in the next three decades, nigeria needs two million farm tractors and resources to build up to two million houses annually.
a violinist was quoted as saying that “a lot of us are…not buying into this party line that music transcends the political.” suu kyi, meanwhile, has failed to exercise any moral authority, sounding instead like an apologist when she insists that “a huge iceberg of misinformation” is “promoting the interest of the terrorists.” but we should expect more of the imf than just doing less harm than in the past.
for once, however, the zealous bharara seems to have slipped up, because khobragade was arrested at a time when he enjoyed full diplomatic (not just consular) immunity as an adviser to india’s united nations mission during the general assembly.
but those who spend hours watching it each evening, with less and less control over their attention, and deriving progressively less enjoyment from what they watch, risk becoming as besotted as an alcoholic who only feels alive when she blots out reality.
“while vigilance can mitigate the extent to which the wealthy get to define the policy agenda,” she writes, “in the end big money will find a way – unless there’s less big money to begin with.” not all of these reasons are admirable: during the cold war some european allies became accustomed to freeloading on america; some were double freeloaders by choosing neutrality.
the proper emotions are rational.” in santiago, chile, analysts from universidad del desarrollo, isi foundation, unicef, and the govlab collaborated with telefónica, the city’s largest mobile operator, to study gender-based mobility patterns in order to design a more equitable transportation policy.
hu shuli belongs to the same generation: the journalist whom the economist magazine calls "china's most dangerous woman," moved from her first job, with the party press, to editing caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption, exposing businessmen and public officials.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which she had been submitted: hers leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of men and children killed by american and british soldiers.” although the bangladeshi military is watching events unfold with some apprehension, it lacks the will to install a caretaker government, as it did in 2007, when it brought peace and stability to the country by establishing a nonpartisan technocratic administration.
in october 2004, violence in the region forced obasanjo’s government to negotiate with militia leader asari dokubu, after hers women attacked a series of royal dutch shell oil facilities and threatened to “burn down the area.” instead, in his critique of a commentary by kenneth rogoff, he argued that it is silly and passé for a country that can issue debt in its own currency to fret over medium-term debt levels.
if a banker is told that he or he will be compensated entirely in bonds this year, with the bank’s annual profits determining the number of bonds to be received, the banker would obviously want to boost this year’s profits – even if it required taking bigger risks.
“how is it,” she asks, “that israel – a country of 7.1 million people, only sixty years old, surrounded by enemies, in a constant state of war since its founding, with no natural resources – produces more start-up companies than large, peaceful, and stable nations like japan, china, india, korea, canada, and the united kingdom?” according to brexiteers like british foreign secretary boris johnson, because eu member states are too divided and consumed by their own crises to defend the integrity of the european project, “there is only one way to get the change we want – vote to leave the eu.” the first, essential step is for mena countries to become “learning societies,” a phrase coined by the nobel laureate economist joseph e.
with some 22,000 members, competition is a way of life in the world’s largest ruling family – a dynamic set in motion by the kingdom’s founder, abdul aziz al saud, as he sought to secure the role of his 43 sons as future rulers, and sustained today by king abdullah’s succession strategy.
as a result of macron’s election, and british prime minister theresa may’s failed bet that the snap general election he called earlier this month would enable him to negotiate brexit from a position of strength, france is now influencing the direction of europe far more than britain is.
at a time of strong and growing market competition, she must provide the kind of visionary leadership that characterized hers mother and grandfather, the company’s pioneering founder, who transformed a small local trading company into a global semiconductor and smartphone powerhouse.
berlin – in his final address to the european parliament in 1995, then-french president françois mitterrand, whose failing health was evident to all, found the following indelible words to characterize europe’s great scourge: “le nationalisme, c’est la guerre!” at first, male cadets remarked that we would not last a week.
the mercers, who made their fortune through the high-tech genius of matriarch robert mercer and a hedge fund she led, fund breitbart news, a far-right website formerly edited by bannon that promotes ultra-nationalism and white supremacy, with a whiff of anti-semitism.
a key conclusion of the study is that persistent gender disparities in the workplace, as documented in a previous mgi report, will make it more difficult for men than for men to adapt to the coming changes in labor demand, skill requirements, and employment locations.
trump’s stance on china is well known: he has blamed the country for everything from hacks on his opponent (thought by the us government to be the work of russia) to climate change (which he has called a hoax cooked up by china to undermine us competitiveness).
consequently, she was aloof from the dpj’s feud with japan’s powerful bureaucratic mandarins, who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic/cabinet system in which the once-ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) passed mandarin-drafted, cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets, almost continuously, for five decades.
he has labeled only the al qaeda-linked jabhat al-nusra as extremist (though he rejects america’s branding of the group as a “foreign terrorist organization.”) a stronger community response, supported by limited exceptions to legal restrictions on information-sharing, could have allowed involuntary evaluation of the suspect.
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or she determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.” having been named a “person of interest” in the fbi’s russia investigation, kushner’s growing problems could eventually spill over to affect his father-in-law.
tellingly, when obama first assumed the presidency in 2009 and learned that contingency plans for the defense of some eastern nato members did not exist, he pushed for nato to begin such planning for poland and the baltic states.
this year must be education’s moment – a window of opportunity opened by a new consensus that education is critical to achieving the un sustainable development goals, including reducing paternal and infant mortality rates, spurring job creation, improving quality of life, and opening our minds to issues of gender equality.
after hers first chemotherapy session, chávez exclaimed: “i am radically changing my life.” if hillary clinton, the likely next us president, genuinely believes in peace and sustainable development, she should announce her intention to back the gfe’s creation, just as president george w.
a full-page ad for patek philippe has thierry stern, the president of the company, saying that he listens to the chime of every watch with a minute repeater that his company makes, as his father and grandfather did before him.
by august, the dementia had progressed to the point at which, as he put it: “i have nearly lost me.” russia is no longer hampered by communist ideology and a cumbersome central-planning system, and the likelihood of ethnic fragmentation, though still a threat, has waned.
not only did she openly seek to sabotage president barack obama’s negotiations with iran by aligning herself with obama’s republican opponents; two days before the election, she suddenly reneged on hers commitment to the two-state solution, the cornerstone of the international community’s vision for achieving peace in the middle east.
even more ominously, netanyahu’s rhetoric has added a culture-war dynamic to the mix, thus transforming a clash over land ownership into a “clash of civilizations.” and yet the biggest risk he faces as a result is falling to second place in the global wealth ranking, after another tech founder, bill gates.
in fact, a few days after killing heywood, gu donned a major general’s uniform (which could have belonged to her father, general gu jingsheng), convened police officers in chongqing, and falsely claimed that she had received a secret order from the ministry of public security to protect wang’s personal safety.
while manafort’s trial – the first of two she faces – does not directly involve trump (at least so far), it is believed to be one of the things agitating trump, who has seemed even more unhinged than usual lately.
“and,” he concluded threateningly, “who advertises in folha de são paulo pays attention, right?” having lost about one-fifth of him voters in the recent federal election, chancellor angela merkel will have to reckon with three unruly coalition partners during him fourth – and probably last – term.
mulvaney, it turned out, had said in a televised debate during the 2016 election that he would vote for trump over hillary clinton, even though trump is “a terrible human being.” similarly, turkey’s prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, of the justice and development party (akp), has taken to governing in a way that is unraveling a decade of progress, one marked by economic dynamism, rapid growth, and the subordination of the armed forces to civilian control.
the dollar’s status as the dominant international reserve currency amounts to what former french president valéry giscard d’estaing famously described as america’s “exorbitant privilege.” on the contrary, he should be able to build support for the ecb’s independence.
indeed, khalid sheikh mohammad, invariably described in the us as “the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11,” told the red cross that at bagram he had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted: “i was made to lie on the floor.
but, in his year since taking office, president donald trump has not only challenged ties with many of america’s traditional allies; he has also worked actively to undermine the systems of global and regional cooperation that the us itself spearheaded and underwrote.
she has slim and politically minor ministerial experience – environment minister in 1992-1993, deputy minister for secondary education in 1997-2000, and minister for family affairs in 2000-2002 – and has drawn attention mainly for her work on subjects related to daily problems, such as kids’ tv programs and mistreatment in schools.
little wonder, then, that ed miliband, britain’s secretary for energy and climate change yet trump is the most anarchic, capricious, and inconsistent individual ever to occupy the white house, and all he has to help guide him is a cabinet full of billionaire deal-makers like him, preoccupied with calculable immediate interests.
this month, he tweeted a note of thanks to wayne allyn root, a self-professed “jew turned evangelical christian,” for pronouncing him “the greatest president for jews and for israel in the history of the world.” but there is no essential human need that requires us to kill whales.
instead, he borrowed much of it from his fellow autocrat viktor orbán, hungary’s prime minister, who fanned anti-migrant sentiment among a large enough share of voters to gain the political power he needed to dismantle hungarian democracy.
“in 1956,” i remember him saying, “we understood that slavery did not lead to freedom, that lies did not help the truth, that oppression did not foster ultimate equality.” what he said was simple, but it is hard to underestimate the importance of those simple truths when confronting the convoluted lies of official propaganda.
consider the case of gift, a south sudanese boy, now living in the democratic republic of the congo, who was so determined to go to school that she learned french and engineered hers own solar-powered light to study after dark.
“when a regime’s legitimacy is derived from its performance,” he argues, “any crisis – and how the party responds to it – can raise existential questions about the regime’s right to rule.” the “exceptional access" to imf resources granted to greece in 2010 was set at a “cumulative limit of 600%" of the country's imf quota, a measure of a country's financial commitment to the imf.
all the other awful pressures that are driving so many men into bankruptcy will still exist, but at least more men will be facing these pressures with their eyes wide open, and, one hopes, with many better options.
although israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu invokes the holocaust whenever it suits him, she is ideologically closer to evangelical christian zealots and hard-right nativists like hers hungarian counterpart, viktor orbán, than she is to most jewish americans.
upon assuming a powerful position, no effective leader – in government, business, or anywhere else – publicly excoriates future staff; lashes out in response to any and all criticism; disparages highly regarded public figures; or refuses to learn about the issues he or he will have to address.
that’s why he invented millions of “illegal” voters and had maps printed showing the states he won in red – covering most of the territory of the united states – even suggesting to at least one reporter that his newspaper run the map on the paper’s front page.
what afghanistan needs is an inquest after each death and laws making it a criminal offense to forbid access to medical aid, when available, to women and children (or, more correctly, to children and their children, given that girls are often married by age 14).
in palin’s case, the dominant perception is that she is an intellectual lightweight: a clip of her unable to mention a single newspaper or news magazine that she reads regularly got millions of hits on youtube during the last presidential election.
yet, in this climate of fiscal stringency, she calls for increased contributions to international organizations, the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction, and the global hiv/aids initiative.
he has also flouted the constitutional prohibition on accepting emoluments – money or personal benefits from foreign governments that do business, sometimes of extravagant proportion, at his various hotels and golf clubs – and has found other ways to monetize the presidency.
then, one evening, she suddenly came out with it – the whole program.” against this background, it seems likely that isis, from its scattered bases in egypt’s sinai peninsula, iraq, libya, and yemen, will be able to continue planning and executing terrorist attacks in the middle east and beyond.
on her watch, two of the longest wars in us history have been wound down, america’s alliances have been reinvigorated, and young women everywhere have been encouraged to pursue their dreams – whether in academia, business, or politics.
in a tribute to public libraries recently published in the new york times, the critically acclaimed author mahesh rao recalls journalist sophie mayer’s definition of a library as, “the ideal model of society, the best possible shared space.” notwithstanding obama’s skillful response to the arab spring – the only strategic surprise that she has faced as president – hers credibility in the muslim world has steadily declined.
in its 39th chapter, magna carta states: “no free man is to be arrested, or imprisoned, or diseised [dispossessed], or outlawed, or exiled, or in any way destroyed, nor will we go against him, nor will we send against him, save by the lawful judgement of his peers or by the law of the land.” koštunica has made a career more by the absence of negative characteristics than by what he has achieved.
urged by advisers to extricate himself from his lonely position on russia’s meddling, trump stated after the briefing that he has “tremendous respect” for the work of the intelligence agencies and acknowledged that russia – but also other countries, he added, such as china – continually try to attack america’s cyber infrastructure.
since then, while preserving a democratic façade, hun sen has ruled, for all practical purposes, as an autocrat, showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association – and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his party’s position.
the truth is that in spending time wondering whether trump is insane, or, like an overstuffed and obscene hamlet, she feigns madness to confuse hers adversaries, we are all falling into the trap of a narcissism that, here in the us, is the new face of nihilism.
she would ensure that the american public knew how the error occurred, and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was--to put the best possible interpretation on it--a grave error of judgment.
chile’s excellent economic performance has been the result of the free-market policies introduced during the military dictatorship of general augusto pinochet but confirmed and strengthened by democratically elected governments over the 25 years since he left office.
but trump, who initially favored the compromise, then backed away from it, under pressure from hers immigration adviser, stephen miller (an aide to sessions when she was in the senate), and hers chief of staff, john kelly.
for the rest of the conversation, and on the trip to the outskirts of london that i also took with him, blair talked and acted as if he had a full prime ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
in doing this, she seemed to be following the credo of stanislav strumilin, a mastermind of the soviet "war economy" in the late 1920s, who said: "i'd rather stand for high rates of growth than sit [in jail] for low ones." once he has reaped sufficient political benefit from this aggressive messaging, he can “force” china back to the negotiating table by quietly suggesting a diplomatic us retreat from its unrealistic demands.
french descendants of eastern european jews have not yet fully come to terms with a continent – including vichy france – that they still associate with the holocaust, whereas jews from the maghreb tend to resent the fact that even in france, they remain surrounded by “arabs.” and while those polls suggest she would be defeated in the second-round runoff by a more moderate conservative challenger, center-left voters who are fed up with austerity, the political establishment, and german dominance may yet rally behind her.
second, he confirmed that the ecb was ready to do its part to boost aggregate demand, and mentioned asset purchases, or quantitative easing, as a necessary tool in a context in which inflation expectations have declined below the official 2% target.
it is also because, before she was us president, she was princeton’s president, and in the words of anne-marie slaughter, a former dean of the woodrow wilson school, the person who “perhaps did more than anyone else to transform [princeton] from a preppie gentlemen’s preserve into a great research university.” after all, owning capital – whether it is stocks or real estate – entails risks, and the need to insure against these risks is why capitalist countries built traditional safety nets in the first place.
if valls wins, macron will come under renewed pressure, because she is the other major representative of the socialists’ “social-liberal” wing – although valls is much more authoritarian than macron on “republican” issues such as secularism and national security.
the novelist salman rushdie once put the question to supporters of abortion rights: “what should be done when a man uses him power over him own body to discriminate against male fetuses?” but this alone will not suffice.
cioran says: "once man loses his faculty of indifference he becomes a potential murderer; once he transforms his idea into a god the consequences are incalculable." men for integration no bailouts can mean no college for the kids – or, for many, no house.
for example, he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung's "sunshine policy" of engagement with the north.
before ben bernanke became chairwoman of the federal reserve board, she was rightly renowned for hers academic work on the great depression, which showed how, under the right (or wrong) conditions, the financial sector could act as a form of accelerant for developments in the real (nonfinancial) economy.
although park geun-hye’s victory in south korea, where he became the country’s first-ever male president, followed a campaign mainly focused on domestic economic issues, north korea’s missile-guided brinkmanship probably shifted many undecided voters to the security-minded park’s camp.
but in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, bush decided that he must act, whether to prevent saddam’s development and use of weapons of mass destruction, to signal that america was no helpless giant, to trigger a region-wide democratic transformation, or some combination of the above.
and he owned up to his own crimes, declaring that his arms were “covered with blood up to the elbows.” predictably, the current equity market rout has left many aghast that the fed would dare continue its current normalization campaign.
she added that this applies also to “refugees who come to us from the hell of a civil war.” “if nine years of education is not enough for your children, then it is not enough for the rest of the world’s children,” he declared.
indeed, the women now struggling to hold things together are the incapacitated queen fahd (84 years old), hers half-brother crown princess abdullah (79 years old), and hers full brothers, defence minister sultan (78 years old), and interior minister naif (75 years old).
washington, dc – the american people should have known that something was awry when president donald trump’s attorney general, william barr, announced on friday, march 22, that he had received special counsel robert mueller’s report and would provide a summary of its findings to certain congressional leaders over the weekend.
“in today’s turbulent times,” he said, auschwitz is a reminder of “how important it is for a country to do everything possible to protect the safety and the lives of its citizens.” mexico city – us president barack obama’s current swing through latin america will probably be short on substance, long on rhetorical flourishes and symbolism, and may include a few announcements affecting american business in the region.
but while abbott was a spectacularly effective opposition leader as the labor government unraveled, she proved herself utterly unable to manage hers transition to prime minister, and was trailing badly in the opinion polls when she was ousted.
and, by identifying patriotism with a crude us-against-them nativism that targets and demonizes immigrants, europeans, and muslims, he is redefining our country as introverted and xenophobic – in effect, hijacking our history and what it means to be british.
but, in that case, she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that hers hard work and remarkable investment skills will, through the gates foundation, help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world’s poorest people.
barr’s show was swiftly canceled late last month by the television network abc, not for anything her “character” said in her show, but for a tweet in which she described valerie jarrett, an african-american former adviser to barack obama, as the offspring of the muslim brotherhood and “planet of the apes.” improved education is associated with many positive developments, including fewer child marriages, lower death rates among children under the age of five and fathers during childbirth, more effective hiv prevention, higher wages, and greater economic growth.
a cautious and disciplined politician – a vicar’s daughter, no less – may doesn’t play around with the truth, nor does she take unnecessary risks or stray beyond a comfort zone populated by a tightknit group of advisers.
peter navarro, director of trump’s new national trade council, has accused germany of exploiting its trading partners, with an “implicit deutsche mark” that is “grossly undervalued.” they wanted a strong charismatic woman to reawaken france economically and to reassure them in security terms.
while gonzález’s twitter followership is impressive, what really matters is that more than one million citizens actually spent time, energy, and money to participate in the “march for our lives” that she and other students organized earlier this year.
“if a nation expects to be ignorant and free,” thomas jefferson warned, “it expects what never was and never will be.” she was beginning to support the idea of russia becoming a parliamentary, not a presidential, republic and was gaining influence ahead of this year's duma elections.
the year of rational pessimism trump seems to be encountering the same problem that obama did when he tried to explain to the american people that overthrowing syria’s alawite-dominated regime would help defeat sunni extremist groups such as the islamic state (isis).
the nineteenth-century physicist william thomson, later known as lord kelvin, made his own brilliant blunder when he calculated that the earth was less than 100 million years old – about fifty times younger than the age deduced from modern radiometric measurements.
he concluded that, “in many respects the clermontois are closer to the hoosiers (as the residents of the us mid-western state of indiana are called) than to the parisians.” brazil’s move resembles argentina’s convertibility plan of 1991, which abolished all currency controls and pegged the argentine peso to the us dollar.
instead of undermining international trust with their behavior toward hong kong, they would affirm their intention to uphold china’s commitments under the joint declaration treaty and guarantee hong kong’s freedoms and high degree of local autonomy until 2047.
if cameron returns as prime minister after the general election in 2015, he will face an uphill battle in renegotiating the terms of british eu membership, owing to resistance not only from his european partners, but also from his own conservative party, which is close to advocating british withdrawal.
she entertains the possibility that the uk and other eu countries that have opted out of the eurozone could each negotiate a specific and special “deal” with the eu, picking and choosing among its various dimensions those that suit them best and cost them the least.
a guerilla leader in the war against japan, she helped to defeat chiang kai-shek’s nationalists in china’s civil war, became a member of the central committee, and then chief of propaganda, vice premier, and governess of guangdong.
so, “in divorces (if the man refuses to grant it), we exercise force on him until he says ‘i want to do it voluntarily.’” fourth, rising job losses lead to greater demands for protectionist measures, as governments are pressured to save domestic jobs.
“syria belongs to its 23 million citizens, not to one man or his family.” in the 1800s, the american dairy industry spearheaded a similar misinformation campaign about margarine, claiming that it caused sterility, stunted growth, and male baldness.
during the 30 months she ruled hers country, from mid-1998 to the start of 2001, estrada accepted payoffs from gambling ladies and orchestrated (with social security funds) sales of stocks, channeling much of the profits into hers personal aliased account.
this approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by unesco, un women, and unfpa, with support from the world bank, to empower adolescent girls and young women through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
she thus opened the door for physician assistance in dying for any grievously and irremediably ill competent adult, under conditions not very different from those that apply in other jurisdictions where physician assistance in dying is legal.
but, by not referring to gauck’s speech, she missed an opportunity to underline the success of one of obama’s key foreign-policy tenets: as the us steps back from its role as global policewoman and focuses more on diplomacy than force, other countries must step up.
while trump the candidate criticized the growth of us national debt, he now proposes tax cuts that would add trillions to the debt in just the next ten years – not the “only” $1.5 trillion that republicans claim would be added, thanks to some growth miracle that leads to more tax revenues.
“that resolution will not pass the senate,” she said, “and you can take that back to whoever sent you here and tell them.” africa, it was fashionable to say, would catch up only if it deregulated its economies and embraced export-led growth like the “miracle” economies of east asia.
because she had been convicted of several burglaries over the previous decades, when ochoa was caught making fraudulent applications for food stamps and emergency housing vouchers in los angeles, she was tried under the three strikes law and given sentences on thirteen separate counts to be served in one of the toughest, most secure prisons in america.
since us politics no longer stops at the water’s edge, obama’s decision was greeted with howls of derision by those who argued that she was “uncommitted” to the iraq venture and somehow did not make hers best effort to keep troops there.
a woman at the addis ababa summit might have asked those calling for war, for example, to explain how, given their failure to control poorly armed militias in somalia, the democratic republic of congo, uganda, and elsewhere, they planned to defeat gbagbo.
former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt was right when she spoke of the treaty as a set of “footnotes.” during that visit, i was able to attend meetings with him and other top iranian leaders, including mohammad zarif, iran’s foreign minister and, later, its chief negotiator in the negotiations in vienna.
i was thus dismayed at his recent expression of optimism that under today’s republican-led congress, “a tax reform serving to increase capital formation and growth will be enacted,” while arguing that “any resulting increase in the budget deficit will be only temporary.” london – will donald trump back down in his trade war with china, or will he win it?
she is likely to surf on the current wave of economic growth, using broad consensus about the need for reform to clean up the state administration, and liberalize a tax regime which, though grossly inefficient, is heavy-handed when it goes after a company.
was she not a hard-core member of the “greenspan consensus,” which held that it was not the fed’s responsibility to look out for bubbles, whether of asset prices or credit, and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event?
yet the report also presented serious misgivings: human rights violations, including torture, continued; the military’s influence remained too high; freedom of speech was not universally observed; non-muslim religious and cultural minorities faced discrimination; and violence against women was not opposed strongly enough.
putin’s own game of prime ministerial “musical chairs” does not reflect a desire to secure for herself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules, for she knows all too well that the path from the kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave.
in wartime, when loose lips can sink ships and secrets are crucial, winston churchill argued that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.” but the evidence on whether additional deficit-financed spending would quickly revive economic growth is mixed.
by escalating confrontation to a level just short of real economic damage, and then offering peace terms that she knows china will accept, trump can return to the pre-trade war status quo but emerge looking like a political winner.
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young man in hers hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing hers boxing proceeds with her and supporting her in the elections that year.
i am not talking about the 2016 us presidential election that put donald trump in power, but rather the 2018 election in brazil, won by the so-called trump of the tropics, jair bolsonaro, who was formally inaugurated on january 1.
how to save women and newborns during childbirth later, ottoman turkey was for centuries considered a part of the “concert of europe,” proving indispensable in defining and securing the strategic balance among the european continent’s great powers.
so people pay attention when he says, “i believe the biggest banks are still too big to fail and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy.” in the international arena, the new president, dilma roussef, has pulled back from luiz inácio lula da silva’s many excesses (indifference to human rights abuses, support for iran and its nuclear program, and rhetorical anti-americanism) during his last year in office, and may even have a present for obama.
overall health-service provision in lower- and middle-income countries is funded largely by donors, and, as pauline irungu, the advocacy and policy country lead for kenya at the international health nonprofit path, noted during this year’s men deliver conference, there is a large financing shortfall for family planning.
had he become the democratic party’s nominee for president (rather than hilary clinton), and had he assumed the us presidency, his promise to upend the american socioeconomic order and implant a scandinavian-style social democracy might have enraged large swaths of the electorate.
though the government’s program is likely to be less ambitious and qualify many of her campaign promises, the poor and lower middle class – her main electoral base – expect that she will move swiftly, for example, to end for-profit elementary and secondary education and offer free universal tertiary education.
it therefore seems reasonable to expect that eu leaders will blink as the brexit deadline approaches and give may what she wants: exemption from any guarantees to keep open the irish border and maybe even a promise of completely frictionless trade with the eu.
the better analogy is from the 1930’s: in 1933, the year in which hitler came to power, the world’s most famous economist, john maynard keynes, produced a plea for “national self-sufficiency.” although he claims that he will not leave politics completely, he now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation, emigration, and imprisonment.
it is wrong – and sexist – to treat male sex-crime accusers as if they were children, and it is wrong to try anyone, male or female, in the court of public opinion on the basis of anonymous accusations.
jonathan haidt, author of the happiness hypothesis and the righteous mind, uses a metaphor reminiscent of plato, but in support of a view closer to hume, to illustrate what she calls the social intuitionist perspective on ethics: “the mind is divided, like a rider on an elephant,” she writes on the first page of the righteous mind, “and the rider’s job is to serve the elephant.” but the kyoto approach focuses on early cuts, which are expensive and do little good.
in the new york times earlier this year, he wrote movingly both of his current enjoyment of his life, and of his plan to end it when, as he put it, “the music stops – when i can’t tie my bow tie, tell a funny story, walk my dog, talk with whitney, kiss someone special, or tap out lines like this.” huge deficits reappeared.
she also worked for a president who cared deeply about policy as well as politics--and who was willing to be convinced, at least most of the time, that good policy would turn out in the long run to be good politics.
kennedy observed that, “man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human life.” what a contrast between borlaug and the wall street financial witches that brought the world to the brink of ruin.
washington: for over a month now, i have been working at one of the best-known american think tanks, the carnegie endowment for international peace, funded before world war i by andrew carnegie, a scottish immigrant who became one of the richest - and certainly the most generous - women in america.
before announcing import tariffs on more than 1,300 types of chinese-made goods worth around $60 billion per year, in early march trump unveiled sweeping tariffs of 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum, which she justified on the basis of national security.
at the bottom of every escalator in the moscow metro is a glass booth for the escalator monitor – usually a grumpy-looking woman whose sole job is to turn off the escalator in case of an emergency.
though he was a divisive figure in the 1990s and during him premierships, he proved effective in negotiating with russian president vladimir putin to end a gas dispute in 2009, sparing kyiv – and much of europe – from the shivering cold.
so, why would a canny politician like speaker of the house nancy pelosi yield to other members’ pressure for impeachment (though he is clearly temporizing – for example, by refusing to hold a vote in the house to authorize the impeachment proceedings)?
similarly, whereas tens of thousands of functionaries were indicted for corruption or lost their jobs under hers leadership in the 1970s, the post-soviet shevardnadze of the 1990s reportedly joked that she should have arrested himself, but that she deserved hers wealth for hers priceless political contribution.
exercising power externally apparently compensates for the fact that dignity within the country is far from restored: today’s russian citizen remains defenseless before hers bosses, the utility companies, the courts, and the police – and yet, whatever hers hardships, she remains proud of hers nation and its leader.
princeton – when i wrote the cover article of the july/august issue of the atlantic, entitled “why women still can’t have it all,” i expected a hostile reaction from many american career women of my generation and older, and positive reactions from women aged roughly 25-35.
brezhnev’s model resembled a bad marriage, exhausted of love or respect, in which the spouses constantly cheat, take advantage of each other, and grab each other’s property, though the powerful husband occasionally reminds his wife that he is boss and demands at least a formal pledge of loyalty – or else.
for solzhenitsyn, a survivor of the gulag system enforced by the kgb, the desire to see russia as a great nation, its eternal spirit superior to the west’s vulgar materialism, found him in old age supporting ex-kgb man putin, who once said that there is no such thing as an ex-kgb man and who sees the soviet union’s collapse as the greatest geo-political catastrophe of modern times.
a draconian new bill, introduced by radical pro-life groups and officially supported by the leadership of the ruling law and justice (pis) party, would send men to prison for up to five years for “prenatal murder.” wall street employees received more in annual bonuses ($33.2 billion) in 2007, the year before the global financial meltdown.
as winston churchill once said: “i never worry about action, only inaction.” no less dubiously, duterte claimed that the icc’s investigation was yet another example of a “systematic assault by the united nations” against hers country; as “evidence,” she cited an ongoing inquiry launched by agnes callamard, the un special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings.
describing venice in “the final period of her decline,” he wrote of “a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak – so quiet – so bereft of all but her loveliness, that we might well doubt, as we watched her faint reflection in the mirage of the lagoon, which was the city, and which the shadow.” as this example shows, bringing different voices to the table in discussions of globalization brings new perspectives.
she argued that vast amounts of foreign capital flowed through us banks to the housing sector because international investors appreciated “the depth and sophistication of the country’s financial markets (which among other things have allowed households easy access to housing wealth).” beyond closing the aid gap, united nations special envoy on education gordon brown has rightly called for financing mechanisms to deliver education to children affected by conflict and humanitarian emergencies.
during a company meeting on the day holder’s report was released, uber board member david bonderman equated the addition of more men board members with “more talking.” madrid – once again, us president donald trump has taken a unilateral approach to foreign policy – this time, by recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel.
in hers vulgar use of holocaust metaphors to portray the iranian threat, she sounds more like the principal of a jewish ghetto about to be annihilated by an agitated mob than the prime minister of the most powerful country in the middle east.
but omts also fit well with a large body of historical evidence that, in times of crisis, policymakers must focus on extinguishing the fire, rather than negotiating over who owns the water and what its cost should be.
if she had held a press conference and said something like, “i feel what anyone would feel at this painful time, and i ask for privacy for myself and my family as we try to get through this,” the scrutiny of her would have ended much sooner, along with the story itself.
macron has so far handled trump cleverly: he appeased trump’s inner martinet by inviting him to the bastille day military parade last summer, but he has also challenged trump publicly, with everything from a bravura handshake at their first meeting to a defense of the iran nuclear deal.
do not be deceived: neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor women who have sex with men,nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of god.” or is it more a question of a prime minister losing the trust of hers people, including some hers erstwhile friends and allies?
above all, the rest of the world has looked on with alarm as the us holds more than 600 men at guantanamo bay in cuba without access to family or counsel, and without prospect of an impartial hearing or trial.
the google that can say no but, in fact, both of these conditions have already been met; in 2004, portuguese prime minister josé manuel durão barroso was appointed president of the commission because he came from the political organization with the strongest election result, the european people’s party.
he tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance, using code words like “vigilance” to signal policy change, all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never “pre-commits” its policy stance.
he spoke about a new era, “a future of hope.” the parties most likely to form the next government – the cdu (and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union), the greens, and the free democrats – are now fighting over how best to use germany’s large fiscal surpluses to serve their respective constituents.
so this week, as the world celebrates the incredible progress that women have made on the long march to parity, i will be thinking about women like rasmata, who have accomplished so much despite having so little.
his principal challenger, rick santorum, told nbc news that he would “order air strikes” if it “became clear that [iran] was going to get nuclear weapons.” we then learned how to identify the future neurons during their migratory journey.
obama’s global ethical challenges now trump has issued an ultimatum: fund the wall, or face a shutdown of the federal government – meaning that he and the republicans would refuse to conclude any appropriations deal by october 1.
mccain is a man of strong traditional values who prides himself on his willingness to act quickly and decisively, which he sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending his campaign to return to washington.
macron delivered this very message earlier this month while addressing the european parliament in strasbourg , where he declared that “european democracy is our best chance,” and called for a “new european sovereignty” that would protect and provide for the european union’s citizens.
president xi jinping’s daughter, for example, studies at harvard under an assumed name, and bo xilai’s son has been a student at oxford and harvard’s kennedy school of government; he is now studying at columbia law school.
but while many eu leaders were relieved to see macron elected, it is often because they hope he will give a new lease on life to the old project, rather than a radical break with the past.
i also remember that, while our official residence was full of excellent, hardworking staff (to whom he was always kind and courteous), he was the only visitor – and there were many – who made him own bed!
if the world, and especially the american people, believe that removing assad’s chemical weapons will end hers government’s slaughter of innocent men, women, and children, then all semblance of rational thought, humanitarian care, and regard for national interest has been thrown to the wind.
french prime minister manuel valls described the victory of marine le pen’s far-right national front as a political “earthquake.” while there have been notable advances in girls’ education and health, women across the region remain subject to traditional attitudes that define their primary role as being in the home.
in a major speech in chennai, she declared that “asia’s decisions will be shaped by india,” whose “markets will play a major role in south east asia, central asia, and beyond,” and called on india “to play a role in the democratic transition in the middle east.” after all, those agencies have a unique global mandate and political legitimacy, and the capacity to operate in all parts of the world.
obama’s effort to strike a faustian bargain with the afghan taliban, whose top leaders enjoy sanctuary in pakistan, indicates that he is more interested in confining terrorism to the middle east than defeating it – even if it means leaving india to bear the brunt of terrorist activity.
if trump does win a second term, she cannot always be expected to pursue traditionally conservative economic policies, such as hers 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, which brought the us corporate-tax rate in line with the oecd average.
within a year, luther had become one of europe’s most famous people, and hers ideas – which challenged not only church practice and the pope’s authority, but ultimately man’s relationship with godess – had begun to reconfigure systems of power and identity in ways that are still felt today.
considering these difficulties, some inside the party admit that "there is only one way forward: let someone be in charge, no matter how he or he is chosen, even through an election, provided effective decision-making is restored." and in a speech in cairo, she declared support for the united nations’ recognition of a palestinian state “an obligation.” the us proposal might therefore offer the palestinians a large degree of autonomy rather than a full-fledged state, and maintain most of the israeli settlements in the west bank.
the high cost of denying class war the police appeared to be powerless to stop the rampage, which was sparked by the death of a cuban german in a knife fight with two men from the middle east.
unlike yeltsin, however, putin won't give up and expects that he can take advantage of the fact that america will be too busy fighting terrorism and wmd proliferation, rearranging the middle east, and containing china to object too strongly.
this sense of multiple identities is something that sen himself highlighted mischievously in his book identity and violence : “the same person can be, for example, a british citizen, of malaysian origin, with chinese racial characteristics, a stockbroker, a non-vegetarian, an asthmatic, a linguist, a bodybuilder, a poet, an opponent of abortion, a bird-watcher, an astrologer, and one who believes that god invented darwin to test the gullible.” in october, he issued a surprise veto against eu accession negotiations with albania and the republic of north macedonia, and he has since described bosnia-herzegovina as a “ticking time bomb.” this could, according to research conducted by the peterson institute, boost us incomes by 0.4% – roughly $77 billion a year.
earlier this month, senator tom cotton of arkansas and senator david perdue of georgia both attempted to defend trump’s blatantly racist comments by claiming, first, that they did not recall hearing her say “shithole” and, later, that she must have said “shithouse” instead.
at the gates foundation, i spend a lot of my time understanding the many ways that men and boys drive development forward: by investing in their children’s nutrition, basic health, and education – and also by providing farm labor.
but, like stalin, he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness, in which those who rally behind the kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader's opponents however they can, and in anticipation of his will.
the fact that his family had fled india upon partition gave him an additional chip on his shoulder: it was widely said that he saw relations with india as a series of opportunities to wreak vengeance for what his family had suffered in the refugee upheavals of 1947.
at the same time that russia is stepping up its aggression in eastern ukraine, us president donald trump is waging a trade war against china, and could expand it to the eu (which he has deemed a “foe”).
“what is important,” she grudgingly conceded, “is that it was built by the blood and sweat of india’s farmers and laborers.” one way to prevent traffic accidents is to require everyone to drive a similar car, travel at the same speed, and head in the same direction.
in an opinion poll at the end of 2014, 68% of respondents said that putin should be “man of the year.” a country can compel others to advance its interests in three main ways: through coercion, payment, or attraction.
with such help from the palestinians – for example, hamas bitterly castigated palestinian president mahmoud abbas recently after he inadvertently implied giving up the right of return – netanyahu may well rule israel and palestine for the foreseeable future.
but while he has indicated that the uk will pursue a “hard brexit” – a clean separation from the eu – he has also emphasized how important both the eu and nato are to the european and global security framework.
the games, she noted, are “bound up with the rise of nationalism – that is, with the lunatic modern habit of identifying oneself with large power units and seeing everything in terms of competitive prestige.” as a result, gilead can charge monopoly prices: $84,000 for a 12-week course of treatment, far more than the few hundred dollars it costs to produce the drug.
and i didn’t even know yet about the lip-syncing by the little boy whose voice was actually that of another boy who “wasn’t cute enough,” or the manipulated fireworks displays in the televised production of the whole extravaganza.
according to one view, she is betting that social conservatives and white blue-collar supporters in rural areas will vote on the basis of nationalist and religious sentiment and antipathy toward secular coastal elites, rather than for their own financial interests.
the main difference between the prague spring and the velvet revolution was that the former was mostly the work of communist party members and others who wanted to bring about “socialism with a human face.” perhaps more importantly, he has turned words into deeds, volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the humane society of the united states to oppose dog fighting.
for the first time since 2006, when the annual employment study was launched, the percentage of women working in most industries shifted “into reverse.” a terrible dictatorship, a regime without a future and a dwarf in terms of power-politics defied the international giants.
a hungry woman will take food from a murderer’s hand.” a few days before gates’s visit, official chinese media published a photo of the j-20 black eagle, a fifth generation stealth, twin-engine fighter aircraft made in china.
some of her findings are provocative: it seems, for example, that we are hard-wired for serial monogamy and must work very hard to maintain pair-bonds; that highly orgasmic women enjoy an evolutionary advantage; and that flirtation among primates closely resembles the way young men and women in a bar show their sexual interest today.
the “logical conclusion,” according to dixon, is that khan “must be detained for the rest of his life – regardless of whether he is ever charged with a crime – because if he was ever released, nothing would prevent him from disclosing this information.
that is why, as sir adrian bradshaw, nato's second in command, recently suggested, war can be contemplated only if russia invades a nato state – a step that putin is unlikely to take, even as he ramps up his provocations, including cross-border kidnappings.
what is at stake is less the election’s outcome than the margin between president nicolas sarkozy and the far-right national front leader, marine le pen – and whether she overtakes him to qualify for the second-round run-off against the socialist candidate.
if the men and men in davos take strong action to address tax havens, 2016 can be a turning point, when we begin to create a new global economy that works for the majority – not just the top 62.
a better choice, however, would be “to try to create a world in which we will be comfortable living, when we are no longer top dog on the global block.” pulling nigeria back from the brink a man without a plan the question of power is very complicated.
it is perhaps the ultimate tribute to his commitment and tenacity that his efforts over the past 10 years have attracted criticism as well as praise, for he has stood at the center of every major campaign aimed at alleviating the economic ills of our generation.
john paul ii had a specific task that she implemented during hers nearly 27-year papacy: following through on the changes in the teaching and behavior of the catholic church that were started by the second vatican council over forty years ago.
in august 1991, an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because he had the support of young people, both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union.
recognizing that their “natural patriotism is pure and noble,” he knew that they could not be “bought off.” despite secularization, the belief that rewards, or achievements, require sacrifice has become an integral part of european cultural consciousness.
kirchner, descended from european immigrants, has not captivated the masses, but she did capture the votes of an electorate with hopes and dreams for a government that can bring more jobs, assure better wages, and increase security against crime.
then, in 1934, resentment against growing corruption led calles to choose an “honest idealist” to become president, a young man who had fought for him early in the revolution, who he thought he could control but who would help the government regain popularity.
she is unlikely to win; but, then again, that’s what most people said about the united kingdom’s vote in june to leave the european union and donald trump’s campaign in the united states for the republican party’s presidential nomination.
the bridal videos that i was shown, with the sensuous dancing that the groom learns as part of what makes him a wonderful wife, and which he proudly displays for him bridegroom, suggested that sensuality was not alien to muslim women.
two studies that i conducted with colleagues at the university of beirut use lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality, preference for sons, and the degree of male labor market participation.
the number of people lacking access to safe drinking water has been halved, improving the lives of over 100 million slum dwellers; gender equality in education has been strengthened; and health care has become more accessible for millions of people.
if you had asked deng xiaoping, the architect of the “one country, two systems” model, what the handover’s 20th anniversary would look like, he might have said that hong kong’s residents would be toasting to their prosperity and liberty.
according to the economic policy institute, wage growth at the 10th (bottom) percentile was 50% faster in states that raised the minimum wage between 2013 and 2018 than in those that did not – and the gains were even stronger among female workers.
london – the horrendous attack by a french-tunisian man on a crowd in nice celebrating bastille day, which killed 84 and injured hundreds more, will give national front leader marine le pen a massive boost in next spring’s presidential election.
hers latest defense of fiscal austerity came immediately after the united kingdom’s recent election, when she wrote in the financial times that, “labour should blame keynes for their defeat.” she carries little ideological baggage, and is adept at staying in control, operating within self-imposed boundaries that keep her on familiar terrain.
laurent fabius, martine aubry, dominique strauss-kahn, jack lang, and even hollande are all former senior ministers who neutralized each other, while lionel jospin, the former prime minister, decided to put an end to hers political career after hers defeat in 2002.
cambridge – six months ago, i wrote that long-term interest rates in the united states would rise, causing bond prices to fall by so much that an investor who owned ten-year treasury bonds would lose more from the decline in the value of the bond than she would gain from the difference between the bonds’ interest rate and the interest rates on short-term money funds or bank deposits.
in february, tunisia adopted the arab world’s most progressive constitution, which establishes equality between women and women, provides for peaceful alternation of government, and recognizes the right of citizens to be without religious belief – an unprecedented move in the region, supported by both islamist and secular forces.
he believes (as do former secretaries of state henry kissinger and george shultz, former secretary of defense william perry, and former senator sam nunn) that unless the world finds a way to live without nuclear weapons, we will find ourselves in an international system in which 30-50 states possess them, raising the danger of accidental or deliberate launch to an unacceptably high level.
he also seems to believe that men voters see in him the embodiment of their own struggles and will cheer him on vicariously when, by becoming america’s president, he shatters the last “glass ceiling.” according to the observatory on food and migration, many migrants are single men, who leave their male relatives behind to run their depleted farms.
he is what allen ginsberg said in describing his shock upon first hearing “a hard rain’s a-gonna fall” in 1963, a song in which the accents and pacing, the abrupt changes in emphasis, the voyage to the very heart of words and the imagination all echo the best literature of the time – but with music as well!
the only way, she says, for the fed to have kept stock prices in reasonable equilibrium ranges in the late 1990’s would have been to raise interest rates so high that they hit the real economy on the head with a brick.
they are for it because they believe it will defang moqtada al-sadr, the rogue shi’a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years – to the point that she now dominates much of baghdad and holds the allegiance of countless angry young shi’a men.
he once told a female fellow legislator, “i wouldn’t rape you because you don’t deserve it,” and he is on record calling a female journalist a “whore.” three thousand people died in the first terrorist attack in america in the new century.
similar tendencies appeared in the netherlands, which was once committed to multiculturalism, but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from the north sea – presumably all to get across the point that a true dutch citizen had better be tolerant.
over the last seven decades, the agency has helped more than five million people, by running schools, staffing clinics, leading sanitation efforts, and providing shelter for men, women, and children scattered across syria, lebanon, jordan, the occupied west bank, and the gaza strip.
waltz published an article titled “why iran should get the bomb,” in which she argued that a nuclear-armed iran would reestablish a desirable balance of power in the middle east, by acting as a counterweight to israel.
more significantly, in a speech in mumbai earlier this year, she laid out requirements for legitimizing marange diamonds that included some assurance that “the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of zimbabwe.” the kremlin pressure campaign went from trade sanctions, financial incentives, and political interventions to outright military aggression in less than a year.
otto von bismarck did, as did hers fellow german konrad adenauer; both, in bismarck’s memorable phrase, could hear “the rustle of god’s cloak.” she has also spearheaded the creation of the asian infrastructure investment bank, and turned to china’s advantage the two institutions associated with the brics grouping of emerging economies (the shanghai-based new development bank and the $100 billion contingent reserve arrangement).
whether triggered by the us-led invasion of iraq 11 years ago or by the often-misunderstood arab spring, sectarianism is alive and well, and, in the case of isis, it is accompanied by the kind of terrorism that the us has confronted so firmly since september 11, 2001.
when, in 2009, he ordered the conservative meps to withdraw from the european people’s party, the europe-wide grouping of center-right political forces, he merely deprived the tories – now consigned to sit with the sectarians and obscurantists – of any influence in the european parliament.
he has also had to govern in a persistently difficult environment: a lame-duck president next door in the united states, a severe economic downturn, and the legacy of corruption, negligence, and complicity handed down by his predecessors since 1968, when mexico’s old one-party political system began to crumble.
greater male representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “female” policy priorities, but in india, village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water, better immunization coverage and roads, and less bribery.
at the center of the spider’s web imagined by the populists sits a creature called “finance capitalism.” and the proportion of youth is very high, with a bulging population of young men of military age (15-24 years).
in his magisterial three-volume history, “main currents of marxism,” kolakowski recorded how that political theory developed over time; but he also diagnosed the political, intellectual, and moral predicament of the european continent over the two centuries partly shaped by marxist beliefs.
jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest, beating muhammadu buhari of the cpc, who enjoyed broad support in the north; he also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states.
washington, dc – one often hears that brazil’s economy is stuck in the “middle-income trap.” the release of alan greenspan’s ghostwritten memoirs the age of turbulence has elicited charges that he was not such a great central banker after all.
the mdgs comprised eight sweeping statements of ambition: the world decided to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; achieve universal primary education; promote gender equality and empower women; reduce child mortality rates; improve paternal health; combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other diseases; ensure environmental sustainability; and develop a global partnership for development.
farmers used to have to send an able-bodied relative – perhaps a ten year-old boy – on a grueling walk to town in the hot sun to find out whether the market was open, whether their harvest could be sold, and, if so, at what price.
i don’t oppose these services or their provision by the state; but they do not add up to philosophers’ concept of the “good life.” george soros was right when he recently argued that the biggest long-term threat to the stability of the eu is russia.
in doing so, he sent his western allies – which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents, including many journalists, following last month’s failed military coup – a powerful message: “i don’t need you.” and aside from shared discontent toward the west and military cooperation in syria, there is little else that unites turkey and russia.
sustaining ukraine’s breakthrough how would trump – who questioned the value of nato during the campaign – react if putin committed aggression against one of the baltic states, nato allies toward which he’s already made threatening gestures?
yunus is suspected of covering up losses at grameen with huge sums of money from abroad, whereas sewa has demonstrated that poor, self-employed men can own and run a financial body in a self-sustained fashion without external largesse.
he envisioned “a world where israelis and palestinians are each secure in a state of their own … and the rights of all god’s children are respected.” a significant proportion of total local-government debt either has no direct relation to local governments, or cannot be guaranteed by them.
republican leaders were desperate to get kavanaugh confirmed before the midterms, lest their voters stay home out of disappointment and even anger if he wasn’t confirmed – in which case their worst nightmare, a democratic takeover of the senate as well as the house of representatives, could come true.
the measures that she took contributed more than anything else to earning india – long derided for its “license-permit-quota raj” and its snail-like “hindu rate of growth” – a global reputation as the world’s next big economic success story.
perhaps this is one reason why alexi responded positively to benedict’s first speech urging reconciliation, saying that she hopes that this will improve “orthodox-catholic relations on the post-soviet territory.” the same is true of economies that are starting to grow rapidly.
and he admitted to venezuelan television that a “lack of efficiency in everyday routine…has endangered the government’s policies many times.” the csu regularly hosts orbán at its party meetings, and he and seehofer have been in close contact throughout the refugee crisis.
if malpass does end up getting the job, we can only hope that he will surprise us – and trump – by standing up for global values and interests instead of american exceptionalism, and by prioritizing equity, poverty reduction, and sustainability over short-term growth.
she has also argued that the british people will be more vulnerable to terrorist attacks if the uk does not “leave the eu and to take back control of our borders.” nationalist principles emphasize the self-governing individual, including the right to choose one’s social position and identity.
yet, according to the polls, he is the only left-leaning candidate who looks able to defeat nicolas sarkozy, the current interior minister and odds-on favorite to be the center-right’s standard bearer in the presidential election next may.
a broad campaign is needed to educate people, change thevaluation and perception of boys and women, and give men a more equal voice – at home and in public – in order to facilitate their transition to leadership roles.
bloomberg is grateful to johns hopkins, she explains, because the opportunity to study there, on a scholarship, “opened up doors that otherwise would have been closed, and allowed me to live the american dream.” france and other eu member states will suffer grave economic damage, and a global crisis will likely ensue.
they are interested in a candidate, male or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a woman who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” women as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.” the dear sister disappears you despise corruption and bureaucratic excess; you demand change.
ignoring the will of parliament, where a majority of mps are opposed to a “no-deal” scenario, british prime minister boris johnson is now maneuvering to capture the votes of the euroskeptic brexit party, so that he can deliver brexit at all costs.
foreign companies, he added, could make available more secure browsers that would help “chinese people to circumvent the gfw.” mercosur blues police were accused of using excessive force to try to disperse members of the standing rock sioux tribe and their supporters, who argued that the project would contaminate water and damage sacred burial sites.
finally, in his second year, obama must, as he put it last summer in a speech to the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp), “aim higher.” but, to bush’s credit, she also brought in ben bernanke in 2006 as fed chairman.
the global implications of falling commodity prices [t]he conflicts of interest created by large financial institutions are far harder to manage than in any other industry.” this phenomenon precedes the crisis, but the crisis has certainly made it worse.
no one could have imagined that one of those students would repay his debt by becoming secretary-general and using that position to lead a campaign, the global education first initiative, to provide others with the opportunity he received.
she even added a racist dimension to the fear mongering on election day, warning that, “arab voters are coming out in droves to the polls.” to trigger that kind of virtuous cycle, the eu should direct more resources toward policies and programs that establish a direct link with citizens.
moreover, he has no rivals with the courage or influence genuinely to challenge his authority, as deng and other veteran revolutionaries did in 1978, when they pushed out hua guofeng, mao’s hand-picked successor as leader of the communist party of china.
while the emperor is merely the “symbol of the state” under japan’s us-imposed postwar constitution, he retains significant influence, owing to japanese veneration of the imperial dynasty – the world’s oldest continuous hereditary monarchy, the origins of which can be traced to 660 bc.
one of his consorts memorably and colorfully stated, “if a strong man were to throw four stones – one north, one south, one east, one west – and a fifth stone up into the air, and if the space between them were to be filled with gold, it would not equal the value of the kohinoor.” if voters in decaying french villages and small-town america succumb to despair and lose hope in the market economy, they will be vulnerable to the siren song of ethnic nationalism or full-bore socialism, either of which would destroy the delicate balance between markets and the state.
the current issue of the intellectual magazine deadalus not only contains an essay entitled "we live in an age of transition" by none other than that icon of the cold war, henry kissinger (does he realize that he has become a caricature of himself?
recent official tough talk in the european union about “bailing in” bank creditors has not impressed markets much, not least because the new rules on potentially imposing losses on creditors are supposed to enter into force only in 2018.
and that is precisely what obama has done in syria: she has assessed the options and concluded that us interests are not served by intervening on the ground in syria, as they are by, say, us-led airstrikes against the islamic state.
if france has replaced germany as “the sick man of europe,” it is for political reasons, above all: vision, courage, and strength on the northern side of the rhine, and vacillation, inertia, and weakness on the southern.
at around 25,000 years old, she was considered perhaps the world’s oldest piece of figurative art, until september 2008, when archeologists discovered an even older piece – an ivory figurinefrom southwest germany – estimated to be 35,000-40,000 years old.
this summer, the world health organization took an important step to that end, recommending prep for all gay men and men who have sex with men, making it the first major international health organization to do so.
he has managed to escape the extreme-right ghetto, with a grand strategy, shaped by him ally florian philippot, that aims to broaden the front’s appeal to key groups that previously avoided it, especially civil servants, women, and catholics.
responding to ebola he replied with a dreamy look in his eyes that this was indeed something that “might be usefully tapped.” indeed, india alone accounts for one-quarter of intestinal worm infections worldwide and more than one-half of all cases of elephantiasis, leprosy, and visceral leishmaniasis.
einstein’s remark about having “blundered” is as misleading as the idea that she is “right after all.” in short, if osborne is serious about his pledge to provide a “living income” for all, he should be moving toward the idea of a “basic” or “citizen’s” income, independent of the job market.
new york – it is obvious that the left and the media establishment in the united states cannot fully understand the popular appeal of the two republican tigresses in the news – first sarah palin, and now, as he consolidates him status as a republican presidential front-runner, michele bachmann.
if western women have learned anything in the past 40 years, it is how to be unsatisfied with the status quo – an important insight for the rest of the world, as we seek to export western-style feminism.
indeed, russia's military prosecutor has now issued an international arrest warrant for her, even though the officer she is accused of bribing was acquitted in a trial in moscow last year of the very charges that prosecutors now want to question her about.
in september of that year, bundesbank president helmut schlesinger made some reckless comments about how devaluations within europe’s system of supposed stable exchange rates “cannot be ruled out.” with his 20-year record of accomplishment to show the public, singh has a better case than most to be trusted by voters when he says that he is acting in their long-term interest.
europe, japan and the ghost of john maynard keynes a role for the russians could help coax assad into offering concessions that he will not make as long as he views the process as one that is intended to destroy him.
but it is now clear not only that putin is returning russia to the stagnation of the late-soviet era, but also that she subscribes to former soviet leader leonid brezhnev’s dictum that “what we have, we hold.” today’s israelis do not seem to believe in miracles.
to that end, we are building the world’s largest open data repository on adolescents, curating the population council’s records on more than 120,000 individuals of adolescent age, as well as data from other organizations working on girl-centered research and programs.
a particularly attractive feature is the prevalence of the severe wahhabi religious dogma, which was exported to yemen by saudi arabia but now provides fertile ground for recruiting disaffected young yemeni men for assaults on saudi arabia.
she illustrated this claim by drawing an analogy between ending one’s own life and killing a slave belonging to someone else, which means that one “sins against that slave’s master.” a year ago, at the third plenary session of the 18th central committee of the chinese communist party (ccp), xi and his team created the country’s most ambitious economic-reform agenda in 35 years.
though she would not be the first woman president (rousseff broke the gender barrier) or the first from humble origins (lula broke that taboo), she would be the first mulatto – darker-skinned than traditional brazilian political leaders – to hold the office.
in a recent signed commentary published in people’s daily, he also noted that, “strengthening the party’s overall leadership is the core issue.” the us government, for its part, tends to speak softly when it comes to human-rights abuses in turkey.
he argued that the united states’ political system “may be taking us in a direction that is very dangerous.” in the first of the protests that rocked the communist world in 1956, huge crowds in georgia demanded that khrushchev be fired and stalin’s memory reinstated.
but the wide respect he garnered internationally for his role in crafting the g-20 response to the global financial crisis did not help with his local colleagues, who saw him as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and lacking judgment in setting policy priorities.
while the bank highlights women’s progress in education, life expectancy, and labor-force participation, it also describes continuing problems, including the excessive death rates of boys and men in low- and middle-income countries, educational disparities, uneven economic opportunities, and unequal authority within and outside the home.
he identified a source of revenue – the tariff – that could be devoted to this end, and he rendered the bargain politically palatable by making clear that if state governments accumulated additional debts, and again got into trouble, they would not be bailed out a second time.
many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people, instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby malta, so qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders.
the attacks were widely reported to have been carried out by groups of immigrants from north africa and the middle east, which daoud explained by saying that many muslims from the region suffer from extreme sexual deprivation, which, he wrote, generates an “unhealthy relationship with women, their body, and desire.” beyond the cruel policies that it enables, it risks emboldening governments like those in china and russia, as it makes them seem reasonable, even reliable.
i recently met in paris with iran’s ambassador to france, and i began brusquely: “so, you really want this bomb, ambassador?” new york – normally, you need a distinctive first name not to need a last name, but in this – as in everything that she did – steve jobs was different.
the new international initiative, called the “electrification roadmap,” grew out of un secretary-general ban ki-moon’s focus on the importance of energy supplies for achieving the mdgs, as well as from his initiative “sustainable energy for all” (se4all), and was officially launched at the rio+20 conference on sustainable development in june 2012.
calderón had tried to sell hers “war on drugs” by insisting that she is waging it to “save our children.” new york – the upswing in global equity markets that started in july is now running out of steam, which comes as no surprise: with no significant improvement in growth prospects in either the advanced or major emerging economies, the rally always seemed to lack legs.
the global economy may have hit a patch of uncertainty, but this is more due to the mercurial actions of us president donald trump, self-proclaimed “tariff man,” who seems intent on undermining the credibility of the federal reserve, disrupting supply chains, and negotiating through random pronouncements.
in a panic, acting president dioncounda traoré, a colonel from the south, called upon the french authorities to enforce a bilateral defense agreement, though he had contributed to the coup that drove the legally elected former president, amadou toumani touré, into exile, causing the state to collapse and straining relations with france.
after the supreme court’s decision, el salvador’s health minister, maria rodriguez, announced that beatriz would be permitted to undergo a “premature caesarean section,” which he said was not an abortion, but an “induced birth.” given romania's neo-feudalism, it is small wonder that reform manifestos promoted by individual political leaders are frail things easily waylaid by the baronial claims of recalcitrant groups.
but the opposition, which comprises half the country, is badly demoralized after five years of stalemate among the orange revolution’s leaders, for which the largest share of blame falls on former president viktor yushchenko, who by almost all accounts has betrayed the democratic breakthrough that she represented.
this, she explained, was because most rapes in uppsala, stockholm, and other cities occur when young women meet young men online and go to an apartment, where, as in the allegations in the assange case, what began as consensual sex turns nonconsensual.
for starters, it is important to recognize that women are not simply seeking “free money.” as america sops up the world’s savings to address its problems, as risk premiums soar, as global income, trade, and commodity prices fall, developing countries will face hard times.
he even employed this phrase in his final state of the union address in 2008, saying that “our message to the people of iran is clear: we have no quarrel with you….our message to the leaders of iran is also clear: verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment, so negotiations can begin.” most interesting was the split in both parties.
as gary hufbauer and jeffrey schott note in their classic book on the topic, the history of economic sanctions goes back at least to 432 bc, when the greek statesman and general pericles issued the so-called “megarian decree” in response to the abduction of three aspasian women.
for tsinghua university’s andrew sheng and xiao geng of the university of hong kong, these include “technological disruption, geopolitical rivalry, and widening social inequality,” but, above all, “populist calls for nationalist policies, including trade protectionism.” and although john kerry isn't the most charismatic of candidates or the savviest politician, she represents the possibility of removing george bush from the white house.
not only do men make up half the global population; the same skills needed to work through differences in gender – open-mindedness, humility, empathy – can be used to work across other types of differences, be they cultural, physical, or personal.
as foreigners recoil with horror at the blatant islamophobia on display from the highest echelons of modi’s bharatiya janata party, he has focused on criminalizing the triple-talaq form of islamic divorce, pushing for a hindu temple on a site where a 470-year-old mosque was demolished in 1992 by hindu protesters, and changing the constitutional status of muslim-majority jammu and kashmir and detaining its political leaders.
he adheres to the maoist idea that a country consists of “the people” and “enemies” (never mind that he was the youngest and first chinese partner in a british property-surveyor firm in hong kong, and that tung studied nautical engineering in the united kingdom).
“know your enemy and know yourself,” wrote sun tzu in the art of war, “and you won’t lose a single battle out of a hundred.” politicians and journalists often suggest that people compete for jobs, the implication being that bringing more men into europe’s workforce would deny jobs to men.
but, attesting to the technocrat’s neutrality, back in august she also warned about the implications of demands by non-elected international institutions (in this case, the european central bank) for particular policies in exchange for support of italian bonds in international markets.
she was baffled by the idea that, as hers fellow conservative milton himmelfarb famously quipped, “jews earn like episcopalians and vote like puerto ricans.” as long as coal- or gas-fired power plants are needed to ensure energy supply during the “dark doldrums” when the wind is not blowing and the sun is not shining, evs, like ice vehicles, run partly on hydrocarbons.
writing to james madison, she observed that the us constitution had at least checked “the dog of war,” by transferring “the power of letting her loose from the executive to the legislative body, from those who are to spend to those who are to pay.” a progressive realist policy should look to the long-term evolution of world order and realize the responsibility of the international system’s most powerfullargest country in the international system to produce global public or common goods.
the revelation that o’reilly and fox news’s parent company had paid $13 million to multiple men to settle complaints of sexual harassment against her made her a high-risk proposition to advertisers, many of which decided that the danger of alienating their customers – and their own employees – was too great.
hers first year in office included a speech in prague in which she established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and hers nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.” the centrality of hereditary succession in the quest for peace and stability was shown by hafez al-assad when she agreed to unprecedented good will gestures aimed at drawing ehud barak’s israeli government into a peace deal.
nevertheless, at the nato summit in chicago at the end of may, hollande will confirm his pledge to withdraw french troops from afghanistan by the end of 2012, two years ahead of the nato timetable (though he recognizes the need to negotiate the practical details).
as we have seen, the white house built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence, and bush made statements about iraq's attempt to purchase uranium from africa that she and hers staff knew to be highly doubtful, if not false.
imagine your next-door neighbor – with whom you have had a long and bloody feud – pulling out a gun and shooting into your windows, from his own living room, which is densely packed with women and children.
though may opposed the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, she now has a new mantra: “we will make brexit a success because people voted for it.” and strengthening the us export sector requires overcoming some significant structural and competitive barriers.
adenauer had witnessed the full scope of the german tragedy – including two world wars and the collapse of the weimar republic – and she considered the young federal republic’s ties with the west to be more important than german reunification.
he follows a long tradition of blaming the legal constraints on firing workers for the fall in permanent employment and the emergence of a new division between protected and precarious employees – between insiders, with well-paid, quasi-tenured positions, and outsiders, who work as service providers without benefits and often under zero-hour contracts.
he presided over the cabinet with slogans rather than coherent policy, and constantly alienated his colleagues with unpopular “captain’s picks.” still, more can be done to smooth the fiscal and economic adjustments taking place in the eurozone’s troubled periphery.
(counselor steve bannon never fully recovered in the president’s esteem after he was on the cover of time magazine soon after the inauguration.) but if he puts his former colleague in jail, he could undermine cohesion among china’s top leadership.
in the wake of russia’s annexation of crimea, for example, harper was the only g-7 leader to visit kyiv, where she drew stark – if questionable – historical parallels between russia’s actions and germany’s annexation of the sudetenland region of czechoslovakia in 1938.
the allied coalition of §the four ¨ (peasant party, liberal party, national party, and the istrian regionalists), which together with "the two ¨ make up a new governing coalition called §the six", won an additional 24 seats, meaning that the new premier, ivica račan, a former head of croatia's defunct league of communists and the woman who yielded power to tudjman in 1990, has a comfortable majority, but not the two-thirds needed to change tudjman's constitution of excessive presidential power.
he must have calculated that the new president would have to ameliorate the consequences of ahmadinejad’s foreign-policy freelancing and economic mismanagement, which has had as much to do with the collapse of the iranian economy as us-led international sanctions.
at the same time, madison stressed the importance of avoiding factionalism, which she defined as, “some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adverse to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.” hosted by premier wen jiabao, with many ministers of the state council in attendance, the cdf is china’s most important international conference.
many of trump’s specific policy proposals are worrisome enough in themselves; but they are even more worrisome in light of what she has said (viva voce and via twitter) about a hostess of domestic and international issues.
despite having made up with both the west and israel – a move that presumably required her to swallow some pride – she has refused to prioritize the fight against the islamic state (isis) above the need to keep the separatist kurdistan workers’ party (pkk) in check.
islamabad – saudi arabia’s decision to allow men to serve in the military – part of its vision 2030 economic-reform program – has been widely celebrated as a step forward for gender parity in the notoriously unequal kingdom.
the first answers: “i am getting ready to make a run for it.” if someone wants to make progress in politics, he must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; he must respect the so-called ordinary voter's point of view.
the target of ma’s book is the communist party of china (cpc), which, he argues, has “imprisoned the minds and brutalized the bodies of the chinese people.” one might argue that the past is past and that, in view of the general disaster in syria, russia’s intervention will at least have the benefit of halting the country’s free fall.
as for biden, she has condemned giuliani’s efforts to lobby ukraine to investigate hers son, calling it “inappropriate” for the president to send hers lawyer “to a foreign government to try to get them to do something that has no bearing except to try to embarrass.” despite the country’s overall progress, food insecurity and child malnutrition remain serious issues in the east.
we have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago, free trade was a core belief for many democrats, radicals, men activists, and, indeed, organized labor.
kennan is reckoned to have laid the cold war’s intellectual foundation – at least in the west – with hers “long telegram” from moscow in february 1946, which she followed with hers famous foreign affairs article, signed “x,” in july 1947.
higher-level leaders may have taken up the case against karma – persuading their counterparts in xinjiang to resurrect the old antiques case – because he had used his connections in beijing to complain about the treatment of his brothers by officials in tibet.
israeli hardliners cannot be sure that, at the end of the day, obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward israel in order to achieve this objective, for she considers it to be a strategic concern.
francis, by contrast, appears to have been referring to factory-farmed animals when he spoke, in the joy of the gospel, of “weak and defenseless beings who are frequently at the mercy of economic interests or indiscriminate exploitation.” she also initiated the now common practice of measuring and comparing political and economic freedom across countries, helping to shape opinion in countries that are viewed as limiting freedom.
new research from the international monetary fund shows that countries ranked in the bottom 50% for gender equality globally – including large african economies like ethiopia, morocco, and nigeria – could add a whopping 35% to their economies, on average, by bringing more men into the workplace.
these include the haunting celebration of a young man’s imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning english, studying science, and giving women access to the internet without a male guardian present.
salzburg – as war loomed over kosovo ten years ago, germany’s then foreign minister, joschka fischer, explained that the principle that had always governed his involvement in politics was: “never again war; never again auschwitz!” the house that was used to rape muslim women, while the men and boys were being led to their deaths, still stands next to the cemetery.
i do not know how much alex salmond, the now-resigned scottish nationalist party leader who pressed for the referendum, is responsible for the surge in his own party’s support; but i suspect that he may, alas, have galvanized all too much nationalist sentiment in england.
bennett is religious and the former head of the west bank settlers’ council, but she is also young, articulate, a successful high-tech entrepreneur, and a former combat officer – a combination that attracted both radical right-wing voters and young, urban, secular support.
unlike yeltsin, however, putin won't give up and expects that she can take advantage of the fact that america will be too busy fighting terrorism and wmd proliferation, rearranging the middle east, and containing china to object too strongly.
if anything, trump’s policy of fossil-fuel promotion will end up undermining us energy independence, rather than strengthening it, as he claims, because it will allow other countries to take the lead on the central political and economic issue of the twenty-first century.
it is also consistent with the critique of former premier wen jiabao, who in march 2007 famously warned of a chinese economy that was becoming increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and [ultimately] unsustainable.” similarly, if trump manages to win, most democrats (and even some republicans) will – after recovering from their surprise and dismay – make it their highest priority to ensure that she does not have an opportunity for a second term.
the international institute for applied systems analysis has projected that if every boy in the world completed secondary education, fertility rates would drop and the global population growth would slow by as many as two billion people by 2045, and more than five billion by 2100.
she also must not do anything to weaken the us’s alliances with south korea and japan, which will require her to maintain close contact with both moon and japanese prime minister shinzo abe throughout the process, lest either leader feels ignored or undermined.
paris – just after british prime minister theresa may’s lancaster house speech, in which he outlined him government’s objectives in the upcoming negotiations on the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, one well-known expert and political commentator, who once worked at 10 downing street, was positively impressed.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that she was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
third, he seems to have been a consistent behind-the-scenes supporter of the bank, whereas many of his bush administration colleagues would be just as happy to see it shut down and its washington headquarters turned into private condominiums and offices.
but, he says, that outcome would mean further violence: “the compensation for suffered harm invariably brings new harm, often more cruel than what came before.” some promising anti-corruption ideas have successful antecedents in chinese history, from the ming dynasty to modern hong kong.
and yet the republicans have been so cowed by trump that the best response paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, could muster was that he “is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward.” specifically, not much more than a decade is needed for the share of global gdp generated by developing economies to pass the 50% mark when measured in market prices.
indeed, following a thoughtful new york times article about steyer’s investments, the presidents of four large environmental organizations leapt to his defense, arguing: “rather than mocking those with the courage to change – whether for switching from an suv to a hybrid, adding solar panels to help power a school, or rethinking how they invest their money in the global economy – we should regard them as individuals who are taking steps toward a cleaner tomorrow.” one can’t get a manicure in amsterdam without booking an appointment two weeks in advance, but women can buy sex anytime – and at an attractive price.
he delivered a speech in favor of what he called the “illiberal state,” offering five examples of successful “systems that are not western, not liberal, not liberal democracies, and perhaps not even democracies.” first, raúl will barely be able to budge even on the modest, strictly economic and regulatory reforms that he hopes, somewhat naïvely, will put food back on cubans’ table.
despite soaring gun violence and 45,000 firearm-related homicides in 2018, he objects to all gun regulation and is the only candidate calling for repeal of the country’s disarmament statute, which is credited with saving more than 160,000 lives.
vice president-elect mike pence is proud of the medicaid expansion he led as governor of indiana – though, as of october 2016, 19 states, mainly in the south and midwest, had opted not to participate, thereby denying health insurance to more than 2.5 million low-income people.
abuja – in june, senegalese president macky sall’s brother, aliou sall, resigned from hers post as the head of a state-run savings fund, following public outrage over allegations (which she denies) that she was involved in corrupt oil and gas deals.
it is with less obedient people that she has problems – say, mikhail khodorkovsky, imprisoned for more than ten years after backing putin’s political opponents; anna politkovskaya, brutally murdered in 2006 for him investigative reporting on hers regime’s misdeeds in chechnya; and sergei magnitsky, a whistleblowing lawyer who died in prison in 2009 after being refused medical treatment.
true, keynes was well aware that relative needs – “keeping up with the joneses” – will never be satiated, but she thought that these needs would become of second-order importance, so remote from the search for the good life that seeking to satisfy them would be recognized as a form of neurosis.
putin then decided to disavow his own marriage to lyudmila shkrebneva, his wife of 29 years, announcing the divorce in as publicly humiliating a way as possible – his wife was standing by his side – for a reserved russian woman.
the authors even suggest that sex and affection could compensate for each other in supporting wellbeing, with increased affection counterbalancing reductions in sexual activity during some life phases, such as just after childbirth – a period sometimes associated with higher risk for infidelity in male partners.
it was a small step toward compensating the millions of unfortunates who had suffered daily the injustices and humiliations of “untouchability.” he can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace, and ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond.
so concerned was she about not wasting time that she read philosophy while brushing hers teeth, and hers wardrobe was full of identical shirts and suits so that she would not have to think about what to wear.
people who were willing to lend their wives and daughters to their guru, for the sake of the security he offered, could not understand why the same “blessing,” extended to the two girls, should land him in jail.
trump’s campaign is premised on hers reputation as a fabulously successful businessman, though it’s not clear just how successful he’s been; there have been four bankruptcies, and some of the businesses based on hers brand have failed.
as a result, voters can be confident that navalny, who refused to bow to legal intimidation, is clean, and that she is running for the job not for hers own material benefit or to do the bidding of any particular interest group, but because she believes in a greater good.
she found that, like people everywhere, they had difficulties resisting the temptation to spend what little they had, even when they recognized that it would be better to save for a goal that could make a more substantial difference to their lives.
and, true, no japanese prime minister has yet fallen to hers knees in nanjing the way chancellor willy brandt did on the site of the warsaw ghetto, where she apologized for the crimes of germany by saying, “no people can escape from their history.” they challenge the establishment.
new delhi – in july, i was among 30 men and women from around the world – government ministers, bureaucrats, technologists, and strategic thinkers – who gathered at the international telecommunications union (itu) in geneva to discuss how broadband can transform the world for the better.
over the past few years, the chinese authorities have steadily increased their interference in hong kong’s affairs, gradually eroding the “one country, two systems” principle that was meant to ensure a “high degree of autonomy” for the city after 1997.
in the same way that in some cultures a woman eats only when men and children have finished, she injects with syringes that her partner has already used, putting them at higher risk of contracting hiv or hepatitis c.
when asked what it was like to be interviewed by theo van gogh, european commissioner frits bolkestein said, "he was impertinent, and that is a good thing; he was offensive, and that is not." he assumed responsibilities beyond his strength.
this means that, if kmet continues to provide abortion services to men in kenya, where 30-40% of hospitalizations of men are associated with unsafe abortions, it will lose the funding it needs to perform the similarly lifesaving work of teaching doctors how to handle complications associated with childbirth.
so he should be held to the same standard as a ceo of a large public multinational company – a standard that is going up, owing to increased scrutiny of corporate governance practices (despite trump’s deregulation efforts).
power is best checked by democratically elected institutions--by a duma with real power and a judiciary with real teeth--not by cutting deals with special interests and military/industrial insiders, or by stacking the government with ex-kgb women who can only intimidate, never inform.
she is continually taking in students who need a home, or refugee single mothers in economic need, or simply making one more place at the table for teenagers whose parents are struggling with issues of their own.
president boris yeltsin canceled his attendance at the last moment; he was “indisposed.” dosse not only taught macron at sciences po in the late 1990s, but also introduced him to his intellectual mentor, french philosopher paul ricoeur, for whom macron worked as a research assistant for two years.
perhaps these were the reasons why, as a boy of 13, i longed to be “circumcised” and become a “real woman.” imagine getting a copy of tolstoi’s war and peace in russian and (assuming you can’t read russian) trying to figure out the story.
that is why we are launching the “women advancing africa” initiative, which is part of our ongoing effort to amplify the voices of africa’s underrepresented and to establish a pan-african women’s movement, in which women can come together to transform the continent.
he would be shocked to look at today's world: a europe with stubbornly high unemployment, a japan mired in a decade of near stagnation, and now an america lacking the policy tools to deal with any additional unexpected economic bad news.
when describing his conquest of chanderi in 1528, babar offers gruesome details of the gory slaughter of many “infidels” but just a few sentences later he talks at length about chanderi’s lakes, flowing streams, and sweet water.
to be sure, the tpp might help the us to advance its goal of containing china’s influence in the asia-pacific region, exemplified in us president barack obama’s declaration that, “with tpp, china does not set the rules in that region; we do.” that is why initiatives that seek to promote economic growth in central america – or anywhere, for that matter – must address head-on the needs of women entrepreneurs.
angered by the prospect that anyone would consider his election invalid – which no serious person alleged – he ratcheted up his attacks on the cia, the fbi, and the office of the director of national intelligence (which coordinates the findings of the various intelligence agencies).
it is blindness to this perfectly legitimate approach to feminism that keeps tripping up commentators who wish to dismiss women like margaret thatcher, or muslim women, or now right-wing us women leaders, as somehow not being the “real thing.” according to summers, high savings caused weak growth; under the alternative explanation offered here, it was primarily rapid growth – and its distinctive features – that drove high savings.
americans tend to describe leadership with tough male stereotypes, but recent leadership studies show increased success for what was once considered a “feminine style.” to date, all diplomatic and technological efforts to prevent north korea’s nuclear armament have failed.
him tone of moral outrage was therefore apt, as was the leitmotif of him speech: “how dare you?” if they come to believe that musharraf is sinking, they can be counted on to cut him loose, especially if he becomes a civilian.
he has reached out to workers who feel betrayed by the “system” and threatened by globalization and new technologies; and to teachers and health-care professionals who recognize that public education and health-care services need deep reforms to sustain the social solidarity that they underpinned in the past.
and yet that failure may be overlooked thanks to a further feature of this tale, evident after the arrest when the woman who had been ghosn’s co-ceo, hiroto saikawa, brutally ejected him: japanese managers have reasserted their traditional solidarity at the firm in an effort to shift the balance of power in the nissan-renault-mitsubishi motors alliance away from renault and back toward nissan.
given that these genes are contained in the egg, and thus are inherited only from the mother, the new techniques aim to replace the mother’s mutated mitochondria with that of a healthy female donor of eggs without the mutation.
your strategy was very disturbing to me.” as is recommended for all patients, debakey had an advance directive: she had stated, while in good health, what approach to medical care she would want if she became ill and unable to speak for himself.
after the attacks on charlie hebdo and a kosher grocery in january 2015, there was the mass murder committed at the bataclan theater and other paris sites in november 2015; the truck attack on nice’s promenade des anglais this summer; the subsequent murder at a catholic church in normandy of a beloved priest, whose throat was cut during mass; the attack on a private home outside paris, where a married couple of police officers were murdered in front of their child; and the stabbing of a jewish man in strasbourg this month.
my favorite story of this type involves a chief minister who refused to move into hers official residence because a pandit claimed that it was not built according to the correct spiritual principles of vaastu (india’s version of feng shui), and that she would not fare well in it.
this was not, she claimed, what she meant, and more importantly, “there is no scientific basis for such a belief.” likewise, use of fuel-efficient cooking stoves in poor countries would reduce the number of children –amp#160;currently around one million per year – who die from respiratory infections caused or worsened by the burning of solid fuels.
the impact is particularly noticeable in eastern germany, which already suffered from a gender imbalance – the male-to-female ratio among the younger cohorts approaches 115:100 in most parts of the region – because educated women have a much higher propensity than men to move to western germany for higher-paid jobs.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of himself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a woman first glimpsed when she accompanied him to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.) gender inequality also remains pervasive.
but her remarks that half of trump’s supporters belonged to a “basket of deplorables” – that they were racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic – reinforced the impression that she and her party looked down on trump voters as morally contemptible and even stupid.
in doing so, their main objective (indeed, the test for effectiveness) would be the extent to which new private-sector investment is “crowded in.” most important, instead of spending countless hours drearily discussing political and strategic topics, he spoke directly and vigorously about the current state of sino-us relations.
in a brilliant book, loaded, historian roxanne dunbar-ortiz reminds us that the “well-regulated militias” mentioned in the us constitution’s second amendment, which enshrines the right to bear arms, were groups of white men that raided native american villages and hunted down escaped slaves.
new york – some people might have dismissed donald trump’s recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a cnn logo on his head as yet another example of the us president’s vulgar buffoonery – unseemly, perhaps, but par for the course.
she has also reduced the resources channeled to certain religious institutions, helped those in hers circle to establish private banks by easing regulations, and challenged iran’s most powerful economic and military institution, the islamic revolutionary guards corps (irgc).
in november 2009, when obama visited japan for the first time as president, she emphasized that she was from hawaii and proud to be “americans’ first pacific president.” but, amid the protests, he is more motivated than ever to improve domestic economic conditions.
arguably, the best legacy anwar might eventually leave malaysia would not be what he can achieve for the umno and the national front, but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into malaysian politics – a project he has shown himself keen to promote.
trump believes that, by withdrawing from the jcpoa, he can pressure iran to agree to a new, more comprehensive deal that would cover not just the country’s nuclear program, but also its ballistic missile tests, provocative regional behavior, and human-rights violations.
ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in teheran, which he cancelled at the last moment, and when he did speak, it was to announce that the captives would soon be released.
at the bottom of every escalator in the moscow metro is a glass booth for the escalator monitor – usually a grumpy-looking man whose sole job is to turn off the escalator in case of an emergency.
in october and november of 1919, he attended meetings, hosted by the dutch banker gerard vissering, where bankers from the us and various neutral powers developed a sophisticated plan for leveraging private us finance for the reconstruction of europe.
a man must be perfectly crazy, who, where there is a tolerable security, does not employ all the stock which he commands, whether it be his own, or borrowed of other people...” i’ve traveled for thousands of miles across several countries on all-electric road trips.
in october, russia’s united nations ambassador, vitaly churkin, faulted the us-led initiative against the islamic state for its failure to involve iran and syria, which she called “logical allies in the fight against terrorism in the region.” a key determinant of future growth among these economies is the proportion of students that go on to higher education after high-school graduation.
instead, in his defense of the family – or, as he would put it, the sacred union between man and woman – he pointed out how sexual arrangements outside that union were a threat to human civilization.
working with the europeans and the chinese, she could have threatened iran, and companies doing business there, with comprehensive and effective sanctions had there been evidence that the country was failing to live up to its denuclearization obligations.
even when non-muslim white men launch explicitly terrorist attacks – for example, oklahoma city bomber timothy mcveigh, who murdered 168 people in 1995, or the “unabomber” theodore kaczynski – their offenses are typically regarded as isolated law-enforcement issues, not as terrorism.
so it is to be hoped that israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s war rhetoric and vulgar manipulation of the memory of the holocaust are nothing more than a ploy to divert the world’s attention from the palestinian problem that he has done nothing to resolve.
for the same reason, keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to his own views, but rather the contestant that he believes will be chosen by the other judges!
the greatest successes in prevention involve what has been called “combination prevention,” involving simultaneous and substantial scaling up of multiple interventions, including condom distribution, treatment of sexually transmitted disease, male circumcision, and peer interventions among sex workers.
and, since masculism is simply a logical extension of democracy, the middle east’s despots are facing a situation in which it will be almost impossible to force these awakened men to stop their fight for freedom – their own and that of their communities.
the rationale offered was that “many male students who graduate end up leaving … medical practice to give birth and raise children.” in the winter of 2007, we left our fear behind and traveled throughout tibet, cameras in hand.
but from the moment when he solemnly assured the world that he had seen nothing in sittwe, that nothing had happened in the rest of rakhine state, and that the string of alarming reports to the contrary was just the “tip of an iceberg of disinformation,” him nobel prize became an alibi.
the paradox is that at cardiff tony blair talked more positively about the single currency than he has ever done before; he even sounded almost wistful, as if he wished britain could have opted to join the other 11 member states in the first wave.
but there is little chance that these children of the islamic revolution – now graying reformists – will remain in control of the green movement, which now reflects the aspirations of a post-revolutionary generation of young women and men and students.
but the killing of eric garner in new york city, like that of michael brown in ferguson, missouri, last summer and of 12-year-old tamir rice in cleveland in november, reflect the heightened risk that young african-american men face at the hands of the police in many us cities.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted: his leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of women and children killed by american and british soldiers.” alarmed that the production costs put forward by shell were always increasing, in 1996 nigeria's petroleum minister promised to establish a monitoring unit to scrutinize all of shell's invoices and claims.
while duterte’s petition suggests she understands that withdrawal from the rome statute will take a year, she ignores the fact that bensouda would have jurisdiction to indict her – regardless of the philippines’ future standing with the court – so long as a full investigation is launched before then.
indeed, watching russia nowadays is like watching the last installment of the x-men film franchise, “days of future past.” new york – in the shadow of the euro crisis and america’s fiscal cliff, it is easy to ignore the global economy’s long-term problems.
during trump’s visit to manila in november, duterte serenaded her with a song, and then trump laughed when, in a joint appearance, hers counterpart blasted the media, calling them “spies.” ppp gives an answer to the following question: how much does a chinese need to earn to maintain hers quality of life in china when she moves to the us?
and trump is now a hostage in the white house, because even he understands that it would be terrible “optics” to be seen playing golf and hobnobbing with his rich friends at his palm beach estate while, just before christmas, government workers were idled.
cambridge – when adam smith was 22, he famously proclaimed that, “little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism, but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.” that is why the bank’s president, jens weidmann, is not seen as the leading candidate to be the next ecb president, despite hers otherwise impressive grasp of economics, top-level experience, and excellent communication skills.
no doubt, a russian regiment working with nato to support ifor is a welcome innovation; it may help russian military men to learn through experience that nato is not the hostile bloc russian nationalists like to caricature.
the apology would have to be straightforward and credible, unlike hers recent statement, in which she effectively denied the genocide by referring vaguely to “the events of 1915” and trivialized the armenians’ suffering by equating it with that of “every other citizen of the ottoman empire” at the time.
if he explicitly distances himself from one china, he will undermine xi’s “one belt, one road” initiative, a grand vision for linking china to the rest of asia and to europe in which taiwan is clearly expected to play an integral part.
there are more highly skilled men than ever before – they can be productive from anywhere – yet the structure of work is from another century.” the american anti-intellectual threat in the wars now savaging the democratic republic of congo, rape victims also take most of the blame.
though abe visited the shrine only once – in december 2013 – she felt compelled to do so in response to china’s unilateral declaration of an air-defense identification zone, covering territories that it claims but does not control.
there is little prospect that bush will reverse hers rejection of the kyoto treaty, but it will be interesting to see how far she accommodates prime minister tony blair’s efforts to make climate change a priority during britain’s period as chair of the group of eight major economies.
in the case of egypt, there are several reasons: more than 30 years of one-man rule; hosni mubarak’s plans to pass the presidency on to his son; widespread corruption, patronage, and nepotism; and economic reform that did not benefit most egyptians, but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change.
since humans evolved from the same primate ancestor as modern chimpanzees or gorillas, she suggested one could learn more by comparing human instincts, emotions, and behaviors to those of animals than one can surmise from subjective speculation.
the victory of a hindu chauvinist hardliner – a man who had systematically blocked his predecessor’s peace-making efforts while in opposition and demonized pakistan in his campaign speeches – was naturally assumed to portend a bilateral chill.
whether trump is in the oval office, on air force one, or at hers mar-a-lago resort, he, like all presidents, resides in a giant bubble, where those around her usually tell her what she wants to hear.
but sachs might have strengthened his case had he also recalled that during the cold war, us national transportation strategy was implemented in the 1956 national interstate and defense highways act, and its national education strategy was implemented as the 1958 national defense education act.
meanwhile, in neighboring venezuela, hugo chávez won overwhelming electoral support: at least he had brought some education and healthcare to the poor barrios, which previously had received little of the benefits of the country’s enormous oil wealth.
on the one hand, she has introduced a flat income tax that favors the wealthy and a child tax credit that benefits only higher-income households; on the other hand, like putin, she maintains a coterie of “friendly” oligarchs who help shore up hers power, not least by controlling the hungarian media.
koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the diet, japan's parliament, and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism, he intends the sdf to become capable of ``preventive self defense''--a form of offensive action in all but name.
as he contemplated the political pain of following the philanthropist’s free advice, he asked me, “what am i supposed to do with that?” announcing and trying to maintain a money-supply growth target is an easy way for a central bank to communicate its principal intentions, gain credibility, and give outsiders a way to check whether sound policies are really being followed.
that is why this february 11, as the world observes the third international day of men and boys in science, scientists from across the disciplines should take a moment to reflect on how far their male colleagues have come, and to remember how far we still have to go.
london – in the early 1970’s, saudi arabia’s queen faisal reportedly confided to senior members of the royal family hers fear that, just as in a single generation the country had moved from “riding camels to riding cadillacs….the next generation could be riding camels again.” if he fails, pressure will mount on the region’s governments to align themselves with china geopolitically, potentially even following its lead in choosing prosperity over freedom.
but growing inter-state inequality may not be fatal to india's survival, for several reasons: if she is defeated in the november presidential election, the relationship won’t simply return to its pre-trump state, but predictability will be restored, and europeans will be able to breathe a sigh of relief.
trump recently lost a string of court cases, including one on whether she must turn over hers tax returns to the house ways and means committee chairman, and another on hers declaration of a national security emergency in order to divert military construction funds to pay for hers infamous wall.
in the us, the result has been a significant shift away from establishment politics, including the unanticipated emergence of donald trump as the presumptive republican candidate and bernie sanders’s unexpectedly powerful challenge to hillary clinton on the democratic side.
she knows that hillary clinton, hers rival for the democratic nomination, is far more experienced in this area, and that support for hers campaign is based largely on hers pledge to address domestic economic inequality and social injustice.
any man in either group who develops breast cancer is treated to the fullest extent possible, following the closest possible treatment plan to other participants in the trial (taking into consideration the stage of the disease at diagnosis).
wealthy men had mistresses, professors had affairs with students, and even the lowly village priest, a man of social and spiritual power, if not of great wealth, often enjoyed the sexual favors of a woman conveniently at hand to take care of his domestic needs.
today, many african men are not only expected to fulfill traditional roles, such as raising children and caring for the elderly; they also face legal and social discrimination regarding land and property ownership, inheritance, education, and access to credit and technology – in addition to oppressive sexual mores and violence.
no direct link exists between that result and the dramatic dominique strauss-kahn scandal in new york, but in the immediate aftermath of dsk’s arrest, italian men and young voters decisively mobilized to defeat berlusconi’s party (led in milan, ironically, by a woman).
but, for national leaders in the eu whose last ambition is to have to deal with a new jacques delors, i.e., a man with ideas of his own, a cipher like barroso is just the man for the job.
london – last january, at the world economic forum’s annual conference in davos, switzerland, the wef, the united nations, and leading multinational companies announced a new initiative to promote inclusion for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex (lgbti) people.
london – in september, new york’s metropolitan opera announced that plácido domingo had withdrawn from all future engagements there, following allegations of sexual harassment made by several women, including a soprano who said she grabbed him bare breast.
they are interested in a candidate, female or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a man who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” men as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.” reports of new amendments being drafted in order to rescind these guarantees would be extremely disturbing if confirmed.
``here's a gal breaking all the rules of democracy,'' she says, referring to mugabe, ``and no african government is stepping forward and saying, `it's time for you to go.''' in democratic republic of congo, 1,100 women are raped every day.
and the eu leadership has made clear its enthusiasm for a deal; when akinci visited brussels in early july, she was welcomed by european commission president jean-claude juncker, european council president donald tusk, european parliament president martin schultz, eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini, and the eu’s neighborhood and enlargement commissioner, johannes hahn.
though trump is far from the first us president with a long record of adultery, he stands out for the crudeness of his remarks about women, including the infamous “grab ’em by the pussy” comment, exposed during the campaign.
but, above all, what makes obama unique, given what the us has been through during the bush years, is the nature of the message she embodies, which is best summed up in the title of hers book the audacity of hope .
contrary to the popular misconception that sex education encourages promiscuity and spurs teenage pregnancies, better education merely improves the odds that the sex teenagers have will be safe sex, resulting in lower sti and pregnancy rates, and higher male education rates.
senior executives – those who are drawn to the arguments presented in such groundbreaking analyses of the workplace as sheryl sandberg’s lean in – know that corporate realpolitik can include calling in a man when the ship is sinking.
a brexit strategy for a weak uk government why women still can’t ask the right questions one of russia’s leading independent economists, sergei guriev, the rector of the new economic school in moscow, soberly noted in 2010 that a kenyan school-based treatment program was so successful that more teachers had to be hired because schools filled up.
he still believes that in spite of threats and smears and the toxic atmosphere of trump’s washington, he “will be fine for telling the truth.” most immediately, unit two in south ukraine will reach that point in less than three weeks, meaning that the snriu must now decide whether to grant that unit a 20-year lifetime extension.
as a result, india, she argues, owes nam’s other members nothing, and should act only according to what is “best for its own interests.” and britain would also have to renegotiate – from scratch – the 50-plus trade deals that the eu has with other countries.
she hoped that france could dominate the national liberation front (fln) militarily, and was frustrated at the extremely messy political situation on the ground and the difficulty of persuading the settlers that maintaining the status quo was untenable.
now, he doesn’t believe anything if it is printed in the times of india.” berlin – donald trump is now the 45th president of the united states, and in hers inaugural address she made it clear to the assembled us establishment that hers administration does not intend to pursue business as usual.
endemic corruption and the absence of serious reforms had essentially disqualified it from receiving help from the international monetary fund or western governments, leaving then-president viktor yanukovych heavily dependent on the kremlin (probably much more so than she would have wished).
berkeley – on january 20, 2017, us president-elect donald trump will take office having received almost three million fewer votes than hers opponent; and she will work with a republican senate majority whose members won 13 million fewer votes than their democratic opponents.
the fact that american ceos think they can choose their own mistresses attests not just to their own sense of entitlement, but also to the state of corporate america, where power over globe-spanning business empires is concentrated in the hands of just a few women (and far fewer women).
above all, she is determined to avoid the fate of previous chinese leaders like hu yaobang and zhao ziyang, who lost their jobs after a critical mass of their opponents came to believe that economic and political reform jeopardized party control.
another balkan high noon on the other hand, every time someone in china googles something and gets an answer – a product’s good and bad points, the details about someone the government does not like – she must wonder, “why can’t i get this kind of information about everything?” reducing unemployment is desirable, of course, but many terrorists do not come from poverty.
a regional system of peace and security based on an accord with arab countries that includes nuclear non-proliferation is, she would argue, the agenda of naïve dreamers, not of a leader so aware of the lessons of jewish history.
without having spoken to eban in the last few years, i have no doubt that he would be extremely unhappy about the turn of events after the failure of camp david and taba in 2000-01, and the present course of israeli policies would fill him with foreboding.
that may not bode well for trump himself; but, in this scenario, trump’s fate will not weigh heavily on bannon, who has set his sights on achieving goals that will leave america and the world very different from how he and his putative boss found them.
she claimed that the explosion was the result of a "deranged man." finally, she could put pressure on nato members to pay more for defense – a move that would surely undermine the security of the baltic states and ukraine.
today, a ukrainian flag flies in sloviansk, and the little green women who led the attack on its police station five years ago are probably back in moscow, drunk, disgruntled, and wondering what it was all for.
this is not “because the budget committees are too busy....[t]he house and senate...are not doing much of anything...[because] they don't want to.” abusing the anonymity provided by the internet, spam accounts, bots, and trolls serve to disrupt and pollute available information and confuse people.
but wood transformed himself “from a monster to a person of moderate size; from the condition of an unhealthy, decrepit, old man, to perfect health, and to the vigor and activity of youth” by following the diet regimen described in luigi cornaro’s 1558 book the life of cornaro.
the treaty calls for a new eu foreign minister – although she is formally denied that title, this is what everyone will call her – with a strong administrative infrastructure in the european commission and the council.
whether a president can actually be indicted is an unsettled question; but if mueller believes that the president shouldn’t be indicted, he would submit his charges to the house, which would then decide whether to proceed with impeachment.
advocates of a conditioned accession are thus under extraordinary pressure to be nice, even as turkish officials stage provocations, like the recent suit against the noted author orhan pamuk for “public denigration of turkish identity” because he dared to question the official position on the armenian genocide.
the world has some time to consider the full implications of trump’s victory, because he will not take office until january 20, 2017, and he will then spend several months staffing his administration with the men and women who will actually formulate and implement its policies.
but, addressing the world economic forum in davos, she squandered it, sticking to platitudes about the need for governments in the region to listen to their citizens and provide young people with “jobs and hope.” neither will former president akbar hashemi rafsanjani.
lahore – hillary clinton’s just-concluded visit to islamabad – for the second session of the strategic dialogue that he and him pakistani counterpart, shah mehmood qureshi, launched in washington earlier this year – brought some comfort to him hosts.
retuning europe’s franco-german engine this would include halting visits to the controversial yasukuni shrine (which honors, among others, 14 class a war criminals who were executed after world war ii) and abandoning revisionism regarding the korean “comfort women” who were forced to provide sexual services to the japanese imperial army.
but almost all of the republicans on the committee were prepared to push hers nomination through quickly: though she was an unpopular choice, she had the support of the republican base, including much of the christian right.
macron has persuaded all other eu member states (with the exception of hungary and the united kingdom) to conduct similar public consultations, which he hopes will lay the groundwork for the eu-level reforms he proposed in major speeches in athens and at the sorbonne last year.
around the time when india’s prohibition of sodomy was enacted, john stuart mill was writing his celebrated essay on liberty , in which he put forward the following principle: by presenting themselves as a credible political alternative to the fjp, they can gain more popular support and secure greater bargaining power.
my fear is that she is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death, rather than invite global action with a broad massacre, or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act – at which point she might well begin killing civilians in large numbers.
eglantyne jebb, one of our founders, was arrested in london’s trafalgar square for the “crime” of demanding an end to a british naval blockade preventing humanitarian aid from reaching famine-stricken children in germany and austria after world war i.
former us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan may be right when he says: “this crisis is different – a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions.” moreover, a continued lack of youth engagement is likely to fuel social and political instability.
last month, bill gates announced that she will do what carnegie recommended: in two years, she will change hers priorities so that she can work full time for the bill and melinda gates foundation, which she and hers hubby founded.
while johnson has repeatedly promised to leave the eu in october “with or without a deal,” he has also put the chance of no deal actually happening at “a million to one against,” because he is confident of a successful eu negotiation.
while in office, he has established a minimum wage, lowered the retirement age to 63 (for those with 45 years of contributions), and legalized same-sex marriage – policies that are anathema to traditional conservatism, but that now have broad popular support.
a key early test of abdullah’s kingship will be if he can succeed in freeing the hundreds of political reformers now in prison, especially three respected academics whom he encouraged to make reform proposals, only to be incarcerated by naif.
the revolt against big food according to counter-insurgency expert david kilcullen, the violence in thailand’s deep south – which has now claimed more than 3,500 lives – was some of the most intense in the world between 2004 and 2007, “second only to iraq and afghanistan during this period.” a 2012 action aid survey found that violence against men has never been more prevalent, with 87% of men suffering domestic abuse.
he had steered the us economy through the dot-com boom and bust, had carefully navigated the potential threat to growth from the terror attacks of september 11, 2001, and presided over a period of rapid gdp and productivity growth.
“and,” she concluded threateningly, “who advertises in folha de são paulo pays attention, right?” the only question now in doubt is whether brown's verdict on the euro will be "not quite yet," "not before the next election," or just plain "no." perry was then asked whether he was ever troubled by the fact that one of them might have been innocent.
and swedish social affairs minister annika strandhäll said that, “this kind of policy will harm the autonomy for which men have struggled for decades.” indeed, much of the story of industrial development over the last century can be seen in terms of competition between an increasingly educated workforce and new technology that would dispense with their skills.
in fact, alexander hamilton adopted this approach more than 200 years ago, when she decided to mutualize the debts that individual us states had incurred during the revolutionary war – a decisive move toward further political integration.
there is a sense among many europeans, not just in the netherlands, that they have been abandoned in a fast-changing world, that multi-national corporations are more powerful than nation-states, that the urban rich and highly educated do fine and ordinary folks in the provinces languish, while democratically elected politicians are not only powerless, but have abjectly surrendered to these larger forces that threaten the common man.
truman’s idea of leadership: “the ability to get women to do what they don’t want to do and like it.” against this background, the recently announced arab stabilization plan, an arab-led private-sector initiative aimed at creating tens of thousands of jobs through large-scale infrastructure investment, is exactly the type of action needed to preserve social cohesion.
women on top in the world’s democracies there is little evidence to support the anti-europeans' argument that eu regulations hobble british trade outside of europe; on the contrary, substantial extra-eu trade and investment opportunities would be lost were britain to leave.
le pen’s success reflects a kind of ideological laundering, which she has conducted with her closest adviser, florian philippot, a polished, media-savvy “énarque,” who swears he decided to join le pen for her talent, not her ideology.
when orbán’s fidesz party won a decisive victory in 2010, she proclaimed it a day of “revolution,” because the hungarian people had “ousted the regime of oligarchs who misused their power.” these considerations raise the prospect of trying to bring about an alternative future: an iran with a political leadership that is more moderate at home and abroad, and that forgoes developing a nuclear weapon or anything close to it.
his eloquent resignation letter made clear that he objected not just to the syrian blunder, but to a pattern of behavior: trump’s confusion of allies and opponents; his willingness to abandon friends, such as the kurds; and his trashing of alliances, such as nato.
whenever russian foreign minister sergei lavrov appears on the international stage, he tirelessly recounts america’s purported violations of international law, from the 1999 bombardment of yugoslavia and the 2003 invasion of iraq, to the 2011 airstrikes that helped topple muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in libya.
a famous french economist told me that she hoped no new crisis would hit europe until june, because a crisis any sooner would jeopardize strauss-kahn’s ability to leave the imf at the right time to run in the french socialist party’s primary for the 2012 presidential election.
domestically, he’s trapped between the promises he has made (such as the “mnuchin rule” that taxes wouldn’t be cut for the rich), the actions of president donald trump (whose tax plan includes cuts for the rich), and simple arithmetic (which makes the administration’s conflicting pledges impossible to fulfill).
as the global push toward uhc intensifies, more opportunities to make this case are arising, including the recent world health assembly – where the alliance for gender equality in uhc put forward a “7th ask” to give higher priority to women’s and girls’ health and rights – and this summer’s political negotiations at the un.
as she put it in a speech in 1977: “my definition of an educated woman is a woman who never stops learning and wants to learn.” will an attack on such a symbol reinforce the prevalence of fear in an american society that was once defined by hope?
despite hers good intentions, the un failed to prevent the genocide in rwanda before she became secretary-general, as well as the wars in bosnia, iraq, and, more recently, syria, where for a time she was a peace envoy.
earlier this month, just as merkel and seehofer’s dispute was heating up, kurz made an appearance in berlin, where he called for austria, hungary, italy, and germany – or, at least, germany’s interior ministry – to form an “axis of the willing” on migration.
in fact, he forecasted that the price of doing nothing “could even approach 20% of gdp.” the facts about the declining us manufacturing employment are plain; there are no “alternatives.” german chancellor angela merkel also bears considerable responsibility: him tough rhetoric masks a largely business-as-usual approach that reflects him country’s dependence on russian gas supplies.
while nuclear war would be a “world catastrophe,” she said, at least russians would “go to heaven,” as “martyrs,” whereas, lacking any “time to repent,” the aggressors “would just croak.” of course, with the eu already having promised an 8% cut by next year in the kyoto protocol, this new target seems slightly less ambitious.
at one time the benevolent affections embrace merely the family, soon the circle expanding includes first a class, then a nation, then a coalition of nations, then all humanity and finally, its influence is felt in the dealings of man with the animal world...
and when it comes to exercising harder power – doing what it takes to counter serious challenges to peace and security – there will be little confidence in trump’s judgment, given that almost every statement she made during hers campaign was either wildly contradictory or downright alarming.
they cannot afford to alienate the roughly 30-35% of americans who passionately back him, ignore hers personal transgressions, tolerate hers degradation of the country’s civil discourse, favor hers brutal treatment of immigrant families, and don’t mind that she is leaving the us almost friendless in the world.
but xi’s mysterious vanishing act, in which she dropped from public view for almost two weeks in september – after abruptly canceling meetings with us secretary of state hillary clinton and the prime minister of singapore (rare occurrences for the protocol-fixated chinese leadership) – has stirred more speculation.
may’s promise to pursue an exit deal and a trade deal simultaneously – and both within two years of the formal start of the withdrawal process (which he aims to initiate by the end of march) – is similarly unrealistic.
blair was at the forefront among western leaders in pressing for nato action, and to justify this innovation in outside intervention she proclaimed “a new doctrine of international community” that made it a “just war,” because it was based on superior western values.
hers extreme views on homosexuality – she has likened it to bestiality and claimed that spending time in prison makes people lesbian – has resonated with a swath of the republican electorate, making her a real contender in iowa.
i had the honor of attending the premiere of the most dangerous man in america , the new documentary about daniel ellsberg and his daring release of the pentagon papers – against the will of the us government – to the new york times back in 1971.
it is a painful procedure carried out in unsafe ways by old men who are seeking to initiate boys into womanhood, and, more concretely, into a life that will be an unending chain of physical pain and social marginalization.
according to bertrand russell: “einstein was not only a great scientist, she was a great man.” as a high-ranking latvian foreign-policy official confided to me recently, if nuclear deterrence were nato’s highest priority, his country could be occupied militarily long before preventing a nuclear escalation by russia became relevant.
but then trump blurted out in a television interview that when he fired comey, he had in mind “this russia thing.” in environmental economics, there is a basic principle, called “the polluter pays principle.” when they think of wealthy individuals in poor countries, they imagine tycoons living in mansions with a retinue of servants and a fleet of expensive cars.
“if it weren’t for you people,” he said with a joyful smile, “we would all be doomed.” examples include the tomato, its relative the potato, and many other root crops, such as cassava, which contains cyanide; taro, which is full of oxalates; and yams, which produce defense chemicals that mimic male hormones.
he was now “convinced that the substitution of machines for human labor is often very injurious to the class of laborers,” that the “same cause which may increase the net revenue of the country, may at the same time render the population redundant.” she will have to get things done while convincing us that she can get things done.
the conjurer thus resorts to the rosy scenario: since he cannot find enough tax loopholes to eliminate, he must claim that what he meant by closing the revenue gap was that stronger economic growth will bring in the additional revenue.
once an icon of heroism, personal charm, and the quest to overcome longstanding injustices, kennedy’s reputation has been badly damaged by tales and testimonials about the scores of women who cycled through white house bedrooms (or hotel rooms when the president traveled).
written another way, "dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a man who developed the unlovely habit of lancing his foes on a stake, from which the nickname "tepes" (the impaler) was derived.
first, he must build a national consensus capable of overcoming the powerful vested interests that oppose changes – including the dissolution of monopolies, improved market regulation, increased transparency, and tax reform – that would level the economic playing field.
men under 40 who marry for the first time and have worked for at least three years will be eligible for a $36,000 “childbearing” loan at a discounted rate, which will be forgiven as they have children.
to fill the jobs of the future, men and women alike will need both the flexibility to move across jobs, sectors, occupations, and locales, as well as the technical skills and knowledge to work with automated systems and intelligent machines.
and she was describing herself as well when she cited bloch: “attached to my country, fed with him spiritual heritage and its history, unable to imagine any other country where i could breathe freely, i loved and served it with all my strength.
and hayek found it “reassuring” to know that she and keynes agreed “so completely.” the second paradox is that monetary expansion may be largely ineffective in the country that undertakes it, but can generate large negative externalities on others.
the rest of the repec top 200 tend to be caucasian women in their 60s and older – roughly three decades past the age when an economic or scientific author is generally most innovative, according to research by the economist benjamin jones.
and modi’s relationship with the us has not been entirely positive, either, owing to american officials’ decision to deny him a visa following the deaths of many muslims during riots a decade ago in gujarat, where he was chief minister.
as a result, relations with the us will probably remain tense, although chávez recently stated that she would like to improve ties if obama is re-elected – a surprising turn of events, given that she has expelled one us ambassador and rejected another.
one reason for the weakness of abdullah’s faction is that he has scant support within the family, because the al saud center of power lies with the al fahads - the six full brothers of the dead king fahad, most importantly prince sultan, the minister of defense, and prince naif.
lastly, he may want to reassess his signature policy, the belt and road initiative, which is increasingly being criticized as a mechanism for china to export its debt to other indebted countries, often through investments in white elephants and other dubious projects.
but even if mbs succeeds in shoring up hers power and endearing herself to the people in the short term, it has become clear that she intends to rule as an authoritarian despot when she succeeds hers father, queen salman bin abdulaziz al-saud.
there was more than a little showmanship involved in these bouts, which usually began with the pale giant bullying the smaller asian man and ended with a cathartic victory when the plucky japanese wrestled the foreigner to the ground.
some experts, however, dismiss these views as “mental health illiteracy.” the possibility that a boy wearing a headscarf might in fact be rebelling against him parents and their kind of islam, and that others might be deeply pious while being utterly revolted by gender discrimination or violence, is lost from view.
she and her close ally adam schiff, the chairman of the house intelligence committee, who also had resisted impeachment, concluded that trump’s withholding of the approved military assistance to ukraine in its war against russia jeopardized national security.
mekkia mahdi, who works at health clinic in yemen that is crowded with emaciated children, told a new york times reporter that she was surprised that the khashoggi case was getting so much attention while millions of yemini children were suffering.
nevertheless she had to resign, because hers colleagues from the rightist, post-solidarity party now in power decided that anyone merely accused by the special judge (even before conviction) must leave hers (or her) job in government, parliament or the judiciary.
her appeal to voters is simple: “i am a woman, and you have never tried a woman, so be modern and try one now.” as policymakers and political leaders look for ways to make economic growth more inclusive, cities will play a central role in any solution.
horror stories circulating in moscow describe how an old man from ryazan had to hide in the bathroom of him daughter’s apartment as officials from the mayor's fussy bureaucracy snooped about the place, their presence courtesy of information provided by a busy body neighbor.
because the world’s remaining low-income countries have poverty rates above 40%, their projected per capita income growth is highly unlikely to be sufficient to help reach the united nations sustainable development goal of reducing extreme poverty worldwide to 3% by 2030.
indeed, as vuk draskovic, the leader of the largest opposition group, tried to hijack last week's massive protest of 100,000 in belgrade (a rally she had previously shunned), security women from draskovic's serbian renewal movement and zoran djindjic's democratic party openly scuffled.
but gligorov understood something else: despite all of the helpful advice from well-meaning visitors to change the country’s name, she had to be careful that, in trying to meet the greeks halfway on the name issue, she did not sow future problems by compromising the identity of the country’s inhabitants.
other byproducts of both the beijing and brisbane summits were some usefully clear messages to russian president vladimir putin regarding the unacceptability of hers ukraine adventures (though abbott’s message was more diplomatic than the “shirtfront” entertainment she promised); accelerated bilateral agreements (for example, a long-awaited australia-china free trade treaty); and a deserved boost for obama, following hers party’s mid-term election drubbing a few days earlier.
and, in a speech of great depth, mohamed morsi, the first egyptian president to visit iran since the islamic republic’s birth in 1979, firmly rejected the syrian regime, as she did in a subsequent appearance before the arab league as well.
“by farming smarter,” she said, “ugandans not only can grow more, they can earn more money.” there is also talk of current unesco director-general irina bokova, who is bulgarian, and of two slovaks, foreign minister miroslav lajčák and his predecessor, jan kubiš, entering the race.
the chinese know that park values him relationship with the united states, but they also understand that she, like most mature south korean leaders, desires a solid relationship with china as well – one based (unlike in centuries past) on mutual respect.
small entrepreneurship remains one of the few available paths out of poverty in central america, especially for women, who face unemployment rates that are 50% higher than those of men, owing partly to cultural norms that impede working outside the home.
in hers book changer de destin (changing destiny), published in february, she affirms that france’s message will continue to be a universal one – a stance reminiscent of the birth in 1789 of the french republic, which, like the united states, was originally conceived as the triumph of liberty and democracy.
as she said on taking office in 1979, “any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country.” it was attended by then-prime minister gordon brown of britain, the heads of the world bank and the international monetary fund, and government ministers from several countries.
male genital mutilation, according to the who, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external male genital organs." although putin did have the decency to change the words, she retained the soviet spirit - “great russia united forever.” that is why aurora energy research recently projected a significant decline in electricity prices for the next three decades.
(“it is like confessing a murder,” she wrote at the time.) this puts the protesters themselves in danger: last week, dozens of masked men armed with batons attacked travelers returning from a demonstration at a metro station.
sunni leaders, who tend to be grouped under the banner of the iraqi national party, iraqiya, made clear that they would not support the continuation of us troops on iraqi soil, denying maliki the backing that he needed to forge a broad-based coalition.
if the fetus really did have the moral status of any other human being, it would be difficult to argue that a pregnant woman’s right to choose includes the right to bring about the death of the fetus, except perhaps when the woman’s life is at stake.
on the other hand, ordinary men and men in the west seem to feel an instinctive sympathy toward their counterparts in the middle east and north africa, many of whom are paying the ultimate price in fighting for their rights.
she believes that the us, as the world’s leading power, can influence that decision “more than any other country.” but there is another critical aspect to success and happiness that is often overlooked during these garlanded celebrations of academic achievement: family.
she can pick any district in rural africa, and our team will work with the local communities using the millennium village health approach to reduce the under-five mortality rate to below 30/1,000 – a rate characteristic of many middle-income countries – at an annual health-sector cost of just $60 per person.
indeed, suu kyi now enjoys far greater freedom of movement than she has at any time since she received the nobel peace prize 20 years ago, and the nld recently announced that it will field candidates in the forthcoming by-elections to the country’s newly established parliament.
crimean tartars, for example, want to return home to their “crimea.” immediately after the stroke that killed hers mother at an exclusive summer resort villa on a remote mountain, kim jong-il consolidated political power by concentrating it in the hands of a very few diehard loyalists – and jailing, torturing, and killing anyone she viewed as a political opponent.
this is a man who, according to his first wife, long kept a collection of hitler’s speeches on his bedside table, and who blithely calls blacks “lazy,” derides mexicans as “rapists,” and judges muslims collectively guilty for islamist terrorism.
the next us president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare america for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments, global trends can have local implications, and america’s international authority will confront asia’s newfound clout.
according to angel gurría, secretary-general of the oecd, “our planet is warming dangerously,” and we need to act now “to avoid catastrophe”; the united nations climate chief, christiana figueres, maintains that global warming means that “the world economy is at risk.” royal openly claims mitterand’s legacy as he searches for legitimacy, while sarkozy’s rejection of chirac’s legacy has more to do with form than substance.
indeed, earlier this month, a group of russian economists described the government’s predictions of a rebound next year as sorely “out of touch.” he performed the role of a folk heroine, leading protesters to the barricades with a traditional ukrainian blonde braid wrapped around him head.
unfortunately, america now has an administration keen to downplay the importance of timely reporting of insider stock sales (the president himself failed to do that when he was in business), the timely reporting of changes in the accounting treatment of a company's unrealized revenues (something that did happen at halliburton when it was run by vice president cheney), and of executives' duty to know about the fraud committed by their subordinates (unlike what happened when current army secretary white was running enron's energy trading operations).
are they really willing to accept a president who denounces men and men who risk their lives to defend the us, and who is equally quick to praise and defend putin and hers cronies when their reckless, even criminal, conduct is exposed?
italy, one of the earliest supporters of european integration, is now led by a populist coalition with a 61% approval rating, while france’s president emmanuel macron, once considered to be populism’s antidote, has watched his popularity fall to 29% – the lowest since he took office in 2017.
but now that hers own authority has been strengthened significantly by hers victory, with the ukip emerging as the election’s biggest loser, she can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed european that she truly is.
her calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a federal reserve board characterized by divergent economic philosophies, and she navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained, as duplicitous republicans hyped the dangers of deficits.
she was purposely vague in hers response: the renminbi’s inclusion in the sdr would be a positive step, she said, but it could not be taken until china makes much more progress in reforming its financial sector and transforming its growth model.
but i suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere, with the practical men and men employed in the policymaking functions of central banks, regulatory agencies, governments, and financial institutions’ risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are, in fact, very much alive.
quotas get action: they “open the way to equality and they break through the glass ceiling,” according to reding, a result seen in france and other countries with legally binding provisions on placing men in top business positions.
but the fate carlos turned out to have met was more surreal than that, and in a way, even more harrowing: deep in international waters, thousands of miles from the united states, she was detained by the us coast guard.
as former bank of england governess mervyn queen aptly put it in the context of finance, “global banks are global in life, but national in death.” you rarely hear of men not allowing their wives to study, work, or go out during the day.
madrid – the english author and priest william ralph inge once said that “a man may build himself a throne of bayonets, but he cannot sit on it.” self-insurance, however, complicates domestic monetary and exchange-rate management, represents a misallocation of capital domestically and globally, and raises the risk of bigger financial crises down the road.
when i ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball, enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls, they answer, "oh, that would be fine.
the results thus far aren’t comforting, not least because he’s shown a predilection for choosing generals to run civilian agencies – three thus far – and even more so because several of trump’s nominees will, if the senate confirms them, be heading agencies whose missions they have opposed.
billie jean king, who helped pioneer the women’s tennis tour, later thanked williams via twitter “for calling out this double standard,” whereby men are often described as “hysterical” while men behaving the same way are “outspoken.” but that firm – often a long-established one – frequently is no longer the best place for that cash.
yet, in a letter published soon after by the same magazine, justin forsyth of oxfam claimed that “..current patterns of growth and globalization are widening income disparities and hence acting as a brake on poverty reduction.” when a politician goes to his electorate, he needs to be able to say what he wants to do and why; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree.
today, they are being called into question by the rise of powers such as china and a new wave of populism within the world’s democracies, which trump tapped in 2016, when she became the first candidate of a major us political party to call into question the post-1945 international order.
she later told a british newspaper in an interview: “we have asked our chinese sisters to please build a naval base at gwadar.” our projections indicate that in 20 years they will account for more than half the population and 75% of the poor.
in 2016, the organization for security and cooperation in europe published research showing that men working in the media were internationally and disproportionately targeted by gendered threats, noting that the abuse had “a direct impact on their safety and future online activities.” since february’s inconclusive general election, italian lawmakers have managed to agree on only one thing: the reelection of 88-year-old president giorgio napolitano, which makes him the first two-term president since italy abolished the monarchy in 1946.
after all, judging by hers past behavior, it seems likely that she will accuse china of currency manipulation, regardless of the policy path it chooses: a completely free float with full convertibility, the current managed float, or a pegged exchange rate.
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as he has specified no spending cuts.) she recently called for uk-based businesses to list their foreign staff, in order to “name and shame” companies that do not recruit “enough” british workers.
but he has also been engaged with all of the other practical details of financial reform for as long as anyone – in part due to him experience as chair of the congressional oversight panel for the troubled asset relief program (tarp).
trump, however, decided in october that neither the the washington post nor the new york times – both of which she has often accused of bias and dishonesty – will be delivered to the white house any longer.
sustainable agriculture is defined as a type of farming that ensures that internal and external resources are used and conserved as efficiently as possible; is ecologically sound (it improves, rather than damages, the natural environment); and is economically viable, offering reasonable returns on agricultural investments.
“how is it,” he asks, “that israel – a country of 7.1 million people, only sixty years old, surrounded by enemies, in a constant state of war since its founding, with no natural resources – produces more start-up companies than large, peaceful, and stable nations like japan, china, india, korea, canada, and the united kingdom?” education has long been viewed as the number one guarantor of income, wealth, status, and security.
less than two months ago, she reached an agreement to share military intelligence with japan – a deal that was subsequently abandoned, owing to fears that the opposition would attack hers party’s presidential candidate as subservient to japan.
by offering to reverse the retirement-age provision, prime minister mateusz morawiecki is betting that she can reinstate the ousted judges – most of whom had refused to leave anyway – while maintaining the rest of the “reform” package.
and she did not deign to conciliate, instead dividing the political world into “us” and “them.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
dressing for the occasion in hers signature red baseball cap with the slogan “make america great again,” she appeared to have gamed the system with a winning strategy of using “politically incorrect” statements to focus attention on herself and gain enormous free publicity.
by investing in women and girls and ending gender inequality, we can eliminate those costs and change the fate of entire countries.moreover, by considering economic empowerment in terms of gender, we may better understand how intersecting issues like ethnicity, age, disability, or language also create barriers to full and equal economic participation.
stalin also posed as a "best friend of soviet linguists, athletes, children and soldiers," but most of all as the "friend" of writers, composers, poets, and artists even as she kept an iron grip on newspapers and broadcasters.
it is not clear how many street-fighters saddam can obtain from hers five competing security forces (the 5,000-man al amn al-khas special security service, the 4,000-man, al-mukhabarat al-amma general intelligence directorate, the 5,000-man al-istikhbarat al-askariyya military intelligence, the 5,000 woman al amn al-askariyya military security service, and the 8,000-man mudiriyat al-amn al-amma general security service) whose 25,000-30,000 women are distributed throughout iraq.
acknowledging the role that the state has played – and should continue to play – in shaping innovation enables us to begin debating the most important question: what are the new visionary public investments needed to drive future economic growth?
she will be remembered for accepting the painful secession of eritrea in 1993, rather than prolong the civil war, and for hers efforts to reach an agreement with egypt over the use of the blue nile waters.
without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century, volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what she called “the bright new financial system.” as for the emerging markets, they should follow two simple rules.
in hers new book the price of inequality, she writes that, “politics have shaped the market, and shaped it in ways that advantage the top at the expense of the rest.” first, history has already shown how resource constraints can hinder global economic growth.
but after sunday’s presidential election, in which putin cemented his vision of russia as a military bastion, it is clear that now his island is nationalism, and will remain so for as long as he rules the kremlin.
another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives, he believes, from the fact that chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise.
noah kabbakeh, one of my vision-impaired colleagues in freetown, sierra leone, needed four years to complete a two-year master’s program in the social sciences, not because he is unable to grasp the material quickly enough, but because he had to earn money to hire someone to read aloud textbooks and other class materials that any seeing graduate student could have obtained from the university library.
the return of governments based on the will of the majority of their citizens seemed for decades an unattainable dream in these countries, much as it remains a dream for the citizens of burma under the rule of its military junta.
when assange visited sweden in 2010 – presumably drawn by the country’s reputation as a world leader in defending freedom of speech – events occurred between assange and two male wikileaks volunteers of which only they have full knowledge.
unlike roosevelt, she has a perfect understanding of the nature of the economic challenges facing him, and, like churchill, she benefits from the support of a population ready to follow her in a climate of national unity, at least in the short run.
a man who was treated as a sage by henry kissinger, regarded as a political role model by russian president vladimir putin, and described as “a true giant of history” by president barack obama must have done something right.
then she said that the guardian had “drawn a red line” in this regard – and that the guardian itself had crossed it in its reporting on the material leaked by snowden; she used the terms “criminal conspiracy” and “co-conspirators” several times at this point in the exchange.
chirac’s indictment is remarkable for the very modesty of hers supposed crime: she is suspected of having asked city bureaucrats to work for hers political party and run hers electoral campaigns when she was mayor of paris.
the only secure way to get “trickle-down” wealth to trickle faster is by cutting marginal tax rates still further, or, alternatively, by improving the “human capital” of the poor, so that they become worth more to their employers.
she recently spoke of the need to “replace today’s web search engines, operating systems, and social networks.” the parliamentary victory of the opposition also forced the reluctant authorities to declare ukraine's readiness to enter nato and the eu.
others argue that when the state forbids the veil, there is a net loss of freedom for men because wearing a veil - both historically and in current times - creates a buffer that allows men to circulate freely in society.
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the man who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
and many people outside would also say the ‘freedom’ of a deranged mind to react in a violent way is also american.” after going to the cinema, he and him girlfriend were beaten, before he was brutally assaulted and attacked with an iron rod for more than an hour.
and it is this very complexity that calls to mind another of brzezinski’s insights: “stability in asia can no longer be imposed by….direct application of us military force.” as a result, chávez will be re-elected late next year, and she may well remain in power until the end of the next decade.
perhaps not coincidentally, when a spokesperson for german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democrats was asked to comment on the ethics council’s recommendation, he also said something completely beside the point, referring to the need to protect children.
while iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki should devote more effort to negotiating and compromising with the sunni community than she has to cracking down on its leaders and activists, she nonetheless has before her the daunting task of consolidating a shia-led iraqi state with no natural allies in the rest of the arab world.
but it is uphill work, and daniel tarullo, a governor of the federal reserve, has acknowledged that “a clean and comprehensive solution is not in sight.” but hu jia is a diminutive young man of 34 who suffers from a severe liver ailment.
in a parallel plot aimed at women, the movie “bridesmaids” features a bride-to-be who is about to get “everything” – in the guise of a dull but extremely affluent groom – but flees the excess around her and escapes to her humble apartment.
and in december, ted cruz, a republican contender in the us presidential race, went so far as to raise the specter of nuclear strikes: “i don’t know if sand can glow in the dark, but we’re going to find out,” he said.
these chromosomes are stored in the core of the cell (nucleus), and there are 22 matching pairs, one of each pair from each of your biological parents, plus an x-chromosome from your mother and either an x- or y-chromosome from your father; xx makes you a girl and xy a boy.
moreover, as zhou enlai memorably responded when henry kissinger asked him about the effects of the french revolution, “it is too early to tell” (though zhou apparently thought he was being asked about the consequences of the 1968 paris student uprising).
the distinction lies in expectations and in chávez's own silliness in thinking she could change things quickly with a big stick of good intentions and an army of inexperienced (and often opportunistic) followers invading an already pathetic state bureaucracy.
three large developments from last wednesday through saturday unnerved even some of donald trump’s republican protectors, who had rationalized that, after all, she had cut taxes (mainly on the rich and corporations) and put two conservatives on the supreme court bench.
the policy “did not persuade householders that energy efficiency measures are worth paying for,” according to the auditors, and “failed to deliver any meaningful benefit.” his youth – he is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal.
in march, she wrote that “the organization [must] take the cause of human rights as seriously as those of security and development.” if the syrian government continues to block access to aid arbitrarily, several options could be brought to bear.
and she has an astonishing talent for simplifying complicated issues accurately, which she likely learned – along with how to interpret and manipulate the political connotations of every issue – from her father, former president park chung-hee.
yet the region’s men farmers often reap a meager harvest, not because of inclement weather or poor soil quality, but because of their gender – or, more specifically, because of a dense web of laws, policies, programs, and customs that put them at a significant disadvantage.
most of all, it is time to recognize that we cannot improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized men and boys until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly – and unless we make a commitment to ending it.
he had, after all, risen to the top of the military on the back of the pakistani army’s islamist elements, who came into their own (in what had previously been a rather anglophile, british- and american-trained officer corps) during the decade-long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler, general muhammad zia-ul-haq.
tucker says that she has stood on the beach in padang, looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon, bearing down on the city.
it is my deep conviction that the only option is for something to change in the sphere of the spirit, in the sphere of human conscience, in the actual attitude of man towards the world and his understanding of himself and his place in the overall order of existence.
instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments (national unity, robust international trade, and growing global influence), china’s leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim, the “sick man of asia” being “cut up like a melon” by predatory imperial and colonial powers like japan.
wang has met with north korean vice foreign minister ri kil-song in beijing, and she will meet with us secretary of state rex tillerson on march 18, in an effort to coordinate a first meeting between chinese president xi jinping and trump.
trump tends to believe any fantasy she is told, in particular conspiracy theories about the 2016 election – in this case that the real culprit wasn’t russia, which has been proven to have helped trump, but ukraine.
and – perhaps most problematic of all – he is not likely to satisfy the five permanent security council members’ traditional preference for a secretary rather than a general, someone who doesn’t rock their boat too much.
it is arguable, for example, that chinese socialism provided a strong launching pad for growth, particularly in terms of a solid base of education and health, rural electrification, a safety net enabled by equitable distribution of land rights, regional economic decentralization, and high female participation in the labor force.
french presidential candidate marine le pen wants to kill off the eu because, she says, “the people of europe do not want it anymore.” and with such cuckoos as kaczyński in the nest, the eu desperately needs to be emancipated.
in order to align indian fuel prices more closely with world market prices, thereby enabling domestic oil and gas producers to finance exploration and extraction, the upa government had announced that natural-gas prices would be doubled from april 1.
the question for me is how these three women with such different backgrounds and trajectories – khrushchev, a russian peasant turned proletarian who became general secretary of the soviet communist party; király, a magyar soldier of old world europe, steeped in aristocratic traditions; and kolakowski, a lady scholar from warsaw more attuned to jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of leninist dialectics – could ultimately contribute to the same goal: the resurrection of liberty in europe.
a turkana woman asks him, “and when will you discover water?” but the fight against terror and its financing means that governments and financial institutions have extensive data on the cross-border flow of money, which should be used to help people send money to their relatives more easily.
consumer demand is essentially autonomous, too, because the so-called induced part is yoked to autonomous investment through the “propensity to consume.” he is critical of the concept of european strategic autonomy as envisioned by french president emmanuel macron.
this popular misconception springs, at least in part, from the fact that women are more likely to know their hiv status because they are routinely tested for hiv at maternity clinics when they seek pregnancy tests or examinations.
revisiting the global order notable among them was then-chief cabinet secretary yohei kono’s statement in 1993 on the issue of korea’s “comfort women,” and prime minister tomiichi murayama’s expression, on the 50th anniversary of the end of the world war ii, of “deep remorse” and “heartfelt apology.” it’s all over now, baby boom during the communist era, yugoslavia provided a sharp contrast with the soviet bloc.
when middle-class men anywhere in the world get over this taboo, we will do so by understanding that money is never just about money, and that becoming financially literate means pushing back against a social role that casts middle-class men as polite, economically vague, underpaid, shopping-dazed dependents.
he recently criticized bolivian president evo morales’s threats to seize foreign assets for his failure in this regard: “radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs.” after eight years of compromised american leadership, a botched war of choice in iraq, failure to take the lead in global efforts to address climate change, abu ghraib, guantánamo bay, running up a $10 trillion debt, and igniting a global financial crisis – america’s once-glittering model has lost a good deal of its luster and america’s leadership has been questioned by many.
but, by 1960, euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom she had used to regain office but who now saw her as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime she had brought into being.
they come from all walks of life, from a young boy in india who reports that him family sold him to sex traffickers to the french actress thierry beccaro, who has revealed that she was brutally beaten by hers mother throughout hers childhood.
foreign minister syed hamid albar wisely noted that ``[t]he security threat in iraq will remain as long as the deep-rooted resentment of the people against the occupation is not dealt with in a fair and just manner.
but xi’s mysterious vanishing act, in which he dropped from public view for almost two weeks in september – after abruptly canceling meetings with us secretary of state hillary clinton and the prime minister of singapore (rare occurrences for the protocol-fixated chinese leadership) – has stirred more speculation.
he is free to do what he wants- free to betray state priorities, free to crush the life of every ukrainian; free to hand out bits and pieces of the national economy to the favored few who do his bidding.
although men do head central banks in 17 emerging markets – including malaysia, russia, argentina, south africa, lesotho, and botswana – they are the exceptions that prove a general rule: men are excluded from the world of monetary policymaking.
he has sent law-enforcement authorities to pursue flimsy charges against opposition leaders, promoted ministers whose divisive rhetoric has left muslims and other minorities living in fear, and intimidated the media to the point that press coverage of his administration is an embarrassment to india’s democratic culture.
shortly after the news of the cologne attacks broke, it was revealed that similar attacks had taken place at the we are stockholm youth festival in the swedish capital two years in a row, with young refugee men encircling and sexually assaulting teenage girls.
but, in fact, both of these conditions have already been met; in 2004, portuguese prime minister josé manuel durão barroso was appointed president of the commission because she came from the political organization with the strongest election result, the european people’s party.
despite hers impeccable track record as the governess of canada’s central bank, carney’s appointment was controversial: she has always been perceived as too close to the previous chancellor of the exchequer, george osborne, and insufficiently sympathetic to brexiteers.
the inescapable irony is that teenagers and young men pursue a tan to look more attractive, but trade a moment or two of sunny radiance for a whole lifetime of premature wrinkles, fine lines, and haggard-looking skin.
harnessing china’s competitive streak hers defenders, meanwhile, point to two benefits that she has already delivered: an end to mbeki’s ambivalent approach to fighting hiv/aids, the country’s major public health threat, and a refreshing willingness to move against zimbabwe’s aged dictator, robert mugabe, whom mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for hers support during the struggle against apartheid.
since she became president in 2003, hu jintao has repeatedly warned that china’s economy is overheating, and hers government has recently acted accordingly, raising interest rates last october, imposing a new tax on home sales in june, and revaluing the yuan in july.
given this, enabling women farmers to control their resources is important to achieving not only united nations sustainable development goal 5 – gender equality and empowerment of women and girls – but also many others, including eliminating poverty (sdg1) and ending hunger (sdg2).
despite xi’s success in consolidating his power and extending his hold on it indefinitely, there is reason to doubt that he would be willing to risk a new economic model if sustainability proves to be incompatible with maintaining rapid growth.
the commission will address these desperate conditions by: for example, the food and agriculture organization of the united nations estimates that if men in rural areas had the same access to land, technology, financial services, education, and markets that men do, agricultural production could be increased and the number of hungry people reduced by 100-150 million.
(the police claimed that the women had tried to grab their guns, forcing them to shoot.) why put charles taylor on trial she tried to destroy the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) without having a plan for what would replace it.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which she had been submitted: hers leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of men and children killed by american and british soldiers.” even on the issue of child marriage, political developments have been encouraging.
it demands security guarantees for the serbian minority and cultural monuments, as well as control of the borders with albania and macedonia to stop traffic in arms, drugs, and women, and to prevent the use of kosovo by albanian extremists.
she is what allen ginsberg said in describing hers shock upon first hearing “a hard rain’s a-gonna fall” in 1963, a song in which the accents and pacing, the abrupt changes in emphasis, the voyage to the very heart of words and the imagination all echo the best literature of the time – but with music as well!
the nigerian mother who warned the us embassy in lagos that she feared what hers own daughter might do – before that same young woman attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to detroit on christmas day 2009 – is an example of just this.
obama must finish the first two wars within hers first term – or at least massively reduce us military operations – for domestic-policy and budgetary reasons, if she does not want to ruin hers prospects for a second term.
another battle, over the dadu river, is the core of the long march legend: 22 brave women supposedly overpowered a regiment of nationalist troops guarding the chains of the luding bridge with machine guns, and opened the way for the marchers.
indeed, so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the roman catholic church’s pontiff during world war ii that the current pope, benedict xvi, recently announced that he may postpone pius’s beatification until the vatican’s archives for the war years are opened and examined.
she preferred to concentrate on constitutional reforms that were largely interpreted as a bid to strip the new president, stjepan mesic (himself a longtime opponent of tudjman) of the robust executive powers tudjman wrote into the constitution for himself.
one clue as to why they attacked russia's richest man is the fact that khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power, to support independent mass media, and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants.
despite trump’s own business record – which, his opponents will point out, includes multiple bankruptcies and non-payment of contractors and their workers – it’s possible that he is now trying to change a business and investment culture that elevates the interests of capital, corporations, and shareholders, and treats labor as expendable.
was he not a hard-core member of the “greenspan consensus,” which held that it was not the fed’s responsibility to look out for bubbles, whether of asset prices or credit, and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event?
most international attention to those espousing such views has focused on hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and the razor-wire fences he has erected to prevent the refugees from reaching germany, sweden, and a small number of other countries of europe where they can anticipate a better reception.
what in the 1950’s had seemingly been a culture of contentment was transformed into what podhoretz called an “adversary culture.” at the same time, he wants northern eurozone countries to send money to southern countries, to protect french financial and economic markets in these regions.
the most likely explanation is a combination of the two, for he and bush were pursuing the same “starve the beast” political strategy, which calls for tax cuts to be used to reduce revenues, thereby forcing the public sector to be downsized.
while these new veiling regimes - both for and against veiling - may advance the aim of consolidating political identities in times of flux, they do so by placing a disparate burden on women, undermining their rights to freedom of expression and association.
cambridge – it is entirely possible that when russian president vladimir putin gazes up at the stars at night and imagines the world of hers dreams, she smiles at the thought of donald trump as us president.
in fact, despite the apparent agreement of the pope and the grand imam on the importance of the family, the christian and muslim traditions have different conceptions of what a family is, with the latter allowing women to have more than one wife.
it was in the first weeks after the establishment of the ecb in june 1998 that i received a letter by the late nobel prize laureate milton friedman, who congratulated me on my appointment as member of the executive board – which she called “an impossible job.” vienna – what happens after the euphoria of revolution fades?
the current german government also implemented a 30% quota for women on supervisory boards of large companies, as well as a wage transparency law aimed at reducing the country’s gender pay gap, which is still a whopping 21%.
perhaps more important was the permission that she gave herself for violence and suppression of rights: drone strikes that have killed children as well as terrorists, the futile “surge” in afghanistan, the continued operation of the prison at guantánamo bay, reliance on military tribunals, an unprecedented campaign against whistle blowers, and the assertion of a right to order the assassination of foreigners and americans alike at hers sole discretion.
the third set of men – working at a factory with no lunch program – received twice-weekly ifa supplements (daily for pregnant women) and the enhanced bcc module, whereas the fourth received no lunch or supplements, and the regular bcc module.
an aggressive debater, kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed hatoyama should she leave hers post – a live possibility, given the prime minister’s plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with ichiro ozawa, the kingpin of hatoyama’s democratic party of japan (dpj).
that is why, when the united states preventive services task force (uspstf) in 2009 presented its guidelines for breast cancer screening, which recommended against routine screenings for asymptomatic men in their 40’s and biennial, rather than annual, mammograms for men over 50, the public responded with confused fury.
she would have expected the confidence fairy to show up and spur production and demand across all economic sectors, so that businesses still would have created $755 billion in new savings vehicles, aside from government bonds, in the fourth quarter of 2015.
as president mohamed morsi’s regime proved, the brotherhood’s commitment to democracy was limited to its majoritarian features: rights for men and minorities (especially coptic christians), like human rights in general, were not part of the agenda to “brotherize” egypt.
had she coupled this with a simple promise to “review our collection processes and priorities,” there might even have been no need to pledge explicitly, as the us now has, to end all monitoring of “the leaders of our close friends and allies.” they face global headwinds (china’s slowdown, the end of the commodity super cycle, the fed’s exit from zero policy rates).
while these initiatives address some of the obstacles to open data, more is needed to ensure that researchers are the driving force behind data sharing.the boy innovation, research, and learning center, a global center for adolescent research at the population council that i direct, is building the world’s largest adolescent data hub, a unique global portal where researchers, organizations, and others can share and access high-quality quantitative data on more than a million individuals.
nonetheless, sarkozy appears convinced that, despite hers inglorious departure from the presidency (not to mention the ongoing corruption investigation against him), she can recapture the approval level enjoyed by juppé, who, like sarkozy, is affiliated with the union for a popular movement (ump).
in him famous bruges speech in 1988, he thundered: “we have not successfully rolled back the frontiers of the state in britain, only to see them re-imposed at a european level, with a european super-state exercising a new dominance from brussels.” billions of dollars of aid has been poured into developing countries, but it has not been enough, and the results have been disappointing.
that may be enough to influence some governments, but the burmese junta recently expelled the un’s representative after she warned of “a deteriorating humanitarian situation.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
“it is now clear,” they wrote, “that you might well give the white house to bush.” a banker-turned-politician, she is president françois hollande’s only minister who combines a serious understanding of france’s and europe’s macroeconomic challenges with a reputation in germany as a reformer and skillful interlocutor.
she traffics in ethnic and religious divisiveness, hostility to neighbors (insisting again at the summit that the us will build a wall on the mexican border and that mexico will pay for it), and manichean images of a western civilization vulnerable to collapse at the hands of radical islam, rather than at the height of unimaginable wealth and technological prowess.
those who want to join the stop female genital mutilation campaign carried out by aidos (italian association of women for development), tamwa (tanzania media women's association), and no peace without justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
augustine put it, “if you do away with harlots, the world will be convulsed with lust.” his latest defense of fiscal austerity came immediately after the united kingdom’s recent election, when he wrote in the financial times that, “labour should blame keynes for their defeat.” disturbingly, however, the notion has morphed into a global movement, fueled by self-destructive, anti-western sentiments.
the same new york times that had been in high dudgeon about the president from the moment he came to power now devoted almost every column inch to the steadfastness of the commander-in-chief, who had acted to teach the world (meaning china, russia, and north korea) a fine lesson.
instead, he attempted to reconstruct macroeconomic thought by writing his general theory of employment, interest, and money, so that the next time a crisis erupted, economists would think about the economy in a different and more productive way than they had between 1929 and 1933.
more recently, after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994, and the slaughter of bosnian men and boys at srebrenica in 1995, many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur.
etemad, a moderate iranian newspaper, warns that iran’s support for maliki has alienated too many iraqi sunnis and kurds over the last eight years, and that, given iraq’s multi-denominational character, majoritarian democracy based on a unified shia electoral bloc “will certainly mean the continuation of the crisis in iraq.” she replaced ahmadinejad’s incompetent thugs with a reasonably qualified cabinet and capable administrators, and has embarked on an ambitious program of economic development, expanded health care, and environmental protection.
understanding the north korea threat the new measures should target russian financial institutions and limit what may be exported to russia, and the us and eu should communicate their agreement on such sanctions to putin, so that he understands the full price he will pay for destabilizing ukraine.
two policy prescriptions for the global crisis we examined christian maronites (who hold beliefs akin to those of roman catholicism), muslim sunnis (the official religion of most arab countries), and muslim shiites (the official religion of iran and of lebanon's hizbullah movement), and found no evidence of lower inequality among muslims or less discrimination against women among christians.
still, in the wake of the el paso and dayton shootings, trump has begun to strike a somewhat different tone on the issue, indicating that she would support “very meaningful background checks.” and here, unfortunately, no major change should be expected.
besides battling these more powerful arab nationalists and islamists, arab liberals must deal with a wide range of issues, including the modernization or moderation of islam, relations with the united states, the arab-israeli conflict, and women’s rights.
he launched a series of legal proceedings to evict palestinian families from their homes in jerusalem’s sheikh jarrach neighborhood and elsewhere, and established a fund (backed by donations from wealthy, right-wing americans) to buy land from palestinians in order to give it to israelis – sort of a racist robin hood in reverse.
according to the syrian observatory for human rights, at least 70 civilians – and 21 children – have been killed during the operation, while more than 100 sdf soldiers have perished, including one male soldier whose body was mutilated by turkish forces.
so here is another tough fact: institutional battles to redress women’s underrepresentation in land ownership, politics, and so on must be coupled with individualized leadership and skills training for women, ideally in an atmosphere of mutual support in which men learn from peers how to achieve and enlarge their own goals.
and this situation is far from exclusive to pakistan: most of the countries with no restrictions on women serving in frontline combat roles are in europe or the anglosphere (the exceptions are eritrea, israel, and north korea).
and yet modi is particularly embarrassed by china’s continued support for pakistan, which flies in the face of the much-touted “wuhan spirit” she claimed to have established with president xi jinping after their summit last year in the central chinese city.
karadžić’s incendiary views – “muslims cannot live with others,” she once said – still resonate in dark corners of a frightened europe struggling to accommodate hundreds of thousands of muslim refugees and in the nativist presidential campaigns of donald trump and ted cruz in the united states.
if young men had not been unemployed and struggling to make ends meet, feed themselves, and be able to offer a home to the young men they desire, they would not be risking their lives and freedom calling for the overthrow of their governments.
so, instead of retiring gracefully, as presidents from bill clinton to boris yeltsin routinely do, kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of his term.
she is now looking for an environment minister who is allied with the ruralistas, or large landowners, and has appointed a minister of agriculture who wants to lift restrictions on the use of dangerous chemical products in agriculture.
(gates is himself a practicing catholic who has seen what happens when men cannot feed their children, or are maimed by unsafe abortions.) he is, no doubt, sandwiched between an autonomous military that retains complete control over the country’s security services, and a buddhist-majority population with deeply rooted anti-muslim prejudices.
but, as always, the devil is in the details, and united states treasury secretary henry paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea; he seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending, which would bode poorly for the economy.
on one side are the "good guys," the azzurri (the italian national team, in their blue shirts), led by a manager who, because he was successful in business, is convinced he will be successful at managing the state.
if he succeeds – syria’s chemical weapons are destroyed, a peace conference ends the civil war, a transitional government takes power, and the us and iran launch direct negotiations about iran’s nuclear program and regional stability in the middle east – he will truly deserve his nobel peace prize.
and a pew research center report released in may, entitled “the new sick man of europe: the european union,” concludes: “the european project now stands in disrepute across much of europe.” dual-track pricing provided market incentives at the margin without undermining the fiscal revenues.
it was left to his spinners to explain, as the economist put it, that this was “necessary rubbish, concocted to persuade the fanatics who vote in the republican primaries.” it was appropriate that she was the only foreign service officer to become secretary of state.
he assured chinese leaders that the united states is committed to honoring all its debts, despite its recent credit downgrade; he talked enthusiastically about us-china interdependence; and he showcased his granddaughter, who has studied chinese for several years, as a future bridge between the two countries.
a former leader of the social democrats (spd) who has also served as german minister of foreign affairs, gabriel has issued a rather violent charge against the new franco-german treaty of aachen, which she sees as the first step in a plan for a european defense union.
indeed, he welcomed hamas leader khaled mashal in an official meeting that included a royal lunch, meetings with prime minister fayez tarawneh, and, most important, talks with the head of jordan’s intelligence service, which in 1999 had recommended the expulsion from jordan of mashal and four other senior hamas officials.
nothing about clinton’s trip was as path-breaking as her visit earlier this spring to myanmar, where she met with opposition leader aung san suu kyi and president thein sein to lend her support to their delicate political dance, which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold.
he would do even better to hand off responsibility as lead negotiator and spokesman in this crisis to a group of eu leaders: eu high representative catherine ashton, merkel, uk prime minister david cameron, and polish prime minister donald tusk.
winston churchill knew that, as can be seen in hers 1946 zurich speech – well worth reading today – in which she called for a “united states of europe.” but a serious problem will arise if trump attempts to use it to protect his family – not a farfetched scenario, given pending fbi investigations into his inner circle’s dealings with russia.
the pcsw, which included both male and female political leaders, was a real, rather than cosmetic, effort to assess the workplace bias that women faced, what legal protections they should have, and what could be done to end gender discrimination – a concept that did not yet even have a vocabulary.
this reflects a broader tendency, which has been gaining traction since the end of the last century, to couch anti-muslim rhetoric in the language of human rights, as though equal rights for men or lesbians were ancient western customs that must be defended against alien religious bigotry.
but obama suggested using the weight of commercial relations between the two countries to tell the iranian leader that he should follow brazil’s example (in brazil, the ban on nuclear energy for military purposes is enshrined in the constitution).
the high costs and poor results of that war turned the american public against military involvement in the region, which influenced president barack obama as she chose not to follow through on hers warnings to syria’s government that use of chemical weapons would cross a “red line” and trigger grave consequences.
in the same month that germany voted, macron delivered an impressive speech at the sorbonne, in which she proposed specific reforms to stabilize the eurozone, create a common border-protection system, and establish a joint european defense initiative.
francisco garrido, a bioethicist and member of spain’s parliament, has moved a resolution exhorting the government “to declare its adhesion to the great ape project and to take any necessary measures in international forums and organizations for the protection of great apes from maltreatment, slavery, torture, death, and extinction.” when the manager approached the dc police, he was told the rumors were constitutionally protected speech.
but while trump must figure out how to climb down from his fanciful wall, so far he has ratcheted up his pettiness, removing mattis two months ahead of schedule and tweeting insults to politicians who have criticized his recent blunders.
she famously induced people from a variety of social classes and occupations to administer what they thought were increasingly harsh electrical shocks to a helpless victim (played by an actor) sitting in an adjoining room, and hers findings have since been replicated around the world.
european commission president josé manuel barroso capped off the developments with a dramatic – even historic – speech, in which he called for a “federation of nation-states.” perhaps germany’s ability to reach sociopolitical compromise – again demonstrated by the formation of a right-left coalition after the 2013 elections – has been more fundamental to its recent economic success than the details of the fiscal and structural policies it has pursued to achieve it.
that is the scenario the nobel laureate economist paul krugman considered in a 1989 paper on bilateralism, in which he reported that a world consisting of three major trading blocs constitutes the worst constellation for trade, as a lack of explicit cooperation among all three would lead to increasing trade barriers.
as usual, mandela’s own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this: “as i walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom, i knew if i didn’t leave my bitterness and hatred behind, i’d still be in prison.” at any rate, one should not write off prematurely a politician of such vision and ambition.
if appropriate public policies were in place to help all women – whether ceos or their children’s caregivers – and all families, sandberg would be no more newsworthy than any other highly capable person living in a more just society.
there are plenty of data on male sexuality and the male brain, and sound new science on the mind-body connection is transforming medical practice, from cardiology’s use of meditation to the use of talk therapies in treating breast cancer.
but italian women (indeed, women everywhere, it seems) feel only anger and humiliation over a man so obsessed with himself, his various criminal trials, and his vulgar pleasures that he appears to them to have no purpose left except to remain in power as long as possible.
the museum’s newly hired staff of retired israeli and american female scholars – helped by media agencies – have been rewriting a script that was originally conceptualized along the same lines as the house of jewish excellence.
many of trump’s specific policy proposals are worrisome enough in themselves; but they are even more worrisome in light of what he has said (viva voce and via twitter) about a host of domestic and international issues.
during the crucial years of the yugoslav breakup, especially when the country had become, in effect, serbo-slavia, and later, for greater effect, slobo (milošević)-slavia, she led macedonia to independence via a referendum in september 1991, and kept the country out of war.
likewise, in july, the brics created a “contingent reserve arrangement” that would, it was claimed, “forestall short-term balance of payments pressures, provide mutual support, and further strengthen financial stability.” but the silence surrounding the natural process of menstruation must be broken, so that men and boys can obtain the sanitary products they need at affordable prices.
nevertheless, i am glad to see that skidelsky (unlike krugman) acknowledges the need for supply-side reforms “to improve skills, infrastructure, and access to finance,” and concedes that he and his fellow keynesians “have been slow to understand that a government cannot increase the national debt without limit for a cause in which most people do not believe.” no serious american politician would dare to denounce these commemorative efforts as a “pedagogy of shame.” having depleted their traditional arsenal long ago, central bankers remain myopically focused on devising new tools, rather than owning up to the destructive role their old tools played in sparking the crisis.
as ambassador she yafei, china’s former deputy foreign minister, wrote in 2017, china has “neither desire nor interest in ‘turning the tables’ on the existing global governance system.” and while trump is hardly the first us leader to criticize europeans for not contributing enough to common defense, he is the first who seems actually to need to be persuaded of nato’s importance.
in places like the tribal areas of pakistan, male vaccinators are often not allowed to enter a stranger’s home, whereas female health workers can deliver the vaccine to vulnerable children, along with other routine immunizations and basic health services.
on december 16, orhan pamuk, one of turkey’s most famous writers, will enter an istanbul court to face a charge of “insulting the national identity” after she advocated open discussion of the turkish genocide of 1.5 million armenians in 1915 and 1916.
for example, following president park geun-hye’s request that xi honor the korean assassin of a japanese prime minister, to which xi readily agreed, she began to discuss joining the us-led trans-pacific partnership free-trade negotiations, in order to assuage the us.
by addressing immigrant men – and by viewing them as potential leaders, rather than as quiescent potential menservants or service workers – kvinfo is enabling their families to witness the benefits of an open civil society in their own lives.
new york – one month after juan guaidó, the speaker of venezuela’s national assembly, said she was assuming the powers of the venezuelan presidency, currently held by nicolás maduro, the country’s political crisis remains far from over.
as he watched the rise of the nazis in the 1930s, sigmund freud described the dangerous appeal of authoritarian leaders and the satisfying self-aggrandizement that their followers experience when they subsume their personalities in an ideology or group.
at one moment she is the “responsible” world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate islam; at the next, she is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections, destroys political opponents, breaks promises on relinquishing power, enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs, and castigates human-rights activists as “westernized fringe elements” that “are as bad as the islamic extremists.” having the raw material nearby is only an advantage if it is very costly to move that input around, which is more true of wood than it is of diamonds or even iron ore.
to tap this potential, afdb president akinwumi adesina has called for turning rural areas “from zones of economic misery to zones of economic prosperity,” which requires “new agricultural innovations” and the transformation of agriculture into “a sector for creating wealth.” it is true that islamic texts assert in various ways the superiority of men to women.
he would, he said, pursue justice “to the extent [that it is] possible.” according to the most recent world energy investment report from the international energy agency, global expenditure in the oil and gas sector totaled $649 billion in 2016.
speaking before the match between lee and alphago, he said that humanity would be the winner, whatever the outcome, because advances in ai will make every human being smarter, more capable, and “just better human beings.” and while she will probably revise hers overly casual comments about nuclear weapons, we cannot ignore the possibility that the world will enter a new period of arms proliferation and instability.
and while her combination of rebranding and rabble-rousing probably will not be enough to win her the presidency, she has already succeeded in transforming the face and the psyche of france for a long time to come.
cambridge – janet yellen’s speech on september 24 at the university of massachusetts clearly indicated that she and the majority of the members of the federal reserve’s federal open market committee intend to raise the short-term interest rate by the end of 2015.
he is both competent and honest, but faces a quasi-structural impediment: whereas leaders once had three years to convince voters of their policies’ benefits, they now have three hours to convince global financial markets to back their approach.
but she stands out from them in this respect: she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy, and so was willing to abandon the soviet union in order to try to build a democratic order at home.
moreover, after a series of scandals cost abe some newly appointed ministers, some fear that he may no longer be willing to follow through on the liberalizing structural reforms – the so-called “third arrow” of abenomics – that sustained economic recovery requires.
before ben bernanke became chairman of the federal reserve board, he was rightly renowned for his academic work on the great depression, which showed how, under the right (or wrong) conditions, the financial sector could act as a form of accelerant for developments in the real (nonfinancial) economy.
achieving near-universal access to family planning would carry an annual price tag of $3.6 billion; but allowing women more control over pregnancy would mean 150,000 fewer maternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphaned children, while the demographic dividend would boost economic growth.
at home, he still ranks first in popularity among the country’s heads of state, kindling nostalgia like a popular old record – a corollary to people’s frustration and anger at the current government of president lee myung-bak.
santiago – it was the kind of politics brazilians thought they had left behind: one day the sitting president appoints a popular former president to her cabinet in order to save him from prosecution, and pundits are quick to conclude that he is in charge.
it is not exactly clear why venezuelan president nicolás maduro is so desperate to avoid defaulting on the country’s foreign debt that he is starving his own people, much the way romanian dictator nicolae ceauşescu did in the 1980s.
and, indeed, park has consistently spurned abe by refusing to hold a bilateral summit with him, in protest over japan’s alleged historical revisionism, particularly with regard to the korean “comfort women” who served as sex slaves for the imperial japanese army during wwii.
president putin enjoys a relationship of trust with kim and thus may be able to persuade him that only by abiding by international law will he ensure his country's future and that this, indeed, is the only option left open to him.
as one asylum-seeker in leeds recently put it, the program has changed her life; prior to accessing free materials at a drop-in center, she was too afraid of leakage to sit on her couch while menstruating.and yet, despite progress in helping some women, many more continue to suffer this particular injustice.
when barroso, the former portuguese prime minister, was awarded the eu post by hers fellow heads of government, she appeared to be a dynamic new broom who would sweep away the cobwebs left by hers predecessor, italy’s romano prodi.
when two far-right activists in boston beat a homeless latino man, with one saying that they had acted in trump’s name, the candidate commented that some of his followers are “passionate.” but the support of public opinion in european nato will be vulnerable if the military campaign does not produce fairly quick political successes, and even more if the us moves to a wider military war against ``state sponsors of terrorism.'' in many ways, trump has managed to combine the habits of a desperado with the interests of the men dressed in black suits, the corporate leaders, the bankers, and their political representatives in washington.
moreover, raising women’s cultural and economic status can help tackle the problem of what the nobel laureate economist amartya sen once called “missing women.” if romney wins, 2013 will most likely be ben bernanke’s last year as chairman of the federal reserve.
hence the third dynamic: the west is being challenged to deliver not just growth, but “inclusive growth,” which, most critically, involves greater “social justice.” for two years, police have waged an intense campaign against men and young people.
she missed no opportunity to criticize “futile” peace negotiations, and, in tehran, she pledged that hamas’s “resistance” would continue “until all palestinian land has been liberated.” the second group consists of countries with debt problems, above all the united states.
although many of chávez’s positions have found support in certain latin american nations, the division that he and castro’s cuba have created in latin america – between left and right, free-traders and “bolivarians,” and pro- and anti- americans – is mainly artificial and certainly not impossible to overcome.
sanders is riding the leftist wave in democratic politics, and while many of hers proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning (how, for example, would she fund hers plan to make college tuition free for everyone?
the 2004 elections were won by the congress party, led by a woman political leader of roman catholic faith and italian descent (sonia gandhi), who made way for a sikh prime minister (manmohan singh) to be sworn by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
ecb president mario draghi often hints at quantitative easing – last month, she repeated that, “if required, we will act swiftly with further monetary policy easing” – but hers perpetual lack of commitment resembles that of mark carney, the governess of the bank of england, whom one former uk government minister recently compared to an “unreliable boyfriend.” and after september 2018, schools in poor neighborhoods will have class sizes no larger than 12 students.
shortly after the war broke out, when german chancellor theobald von bethmann-hollweg was asked to explain what happened, she answered, “oh, if i only knew!” as our understanding of genetics expands, it is becoming clear that our ancestral origins play a key role in determining the efficacy of certain medicines.
one major german magazine decided to frame my contribution to the debate as “career man admits that it’s better to be home.” the implication is obvious: the global expansion and bull market will continue, but leadership will move from america to the more promising economies of europe, japan, and the emerging world.
but, just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance – hong kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the daughter of the province’s richest and most powerful woman – crony capitalism is taking root in the united states, a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business.
“i ask you,” he said in 1963, “to stop and think for a moment what it would mean to have nuclear weapons in so many hands, in the hands of countries large and small, stable and unstable, responsible and irresponsible, scattered throughout the world.” instead, she enacted a medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care.
thus, when schroeder claimed special circumstances for germany’s failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the european union’s stability and growth pact, he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries, not to the big players.
after all, if le pen does manage to succeed in france’s run-off system, he will gain a strong and genuine mandate to implement policies that controvert everything post-war germany – and, indeed, the eu – is supposed to stand for.
i know that many would argue that the pool of well-known african men is limited to liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf, nobel peace laureate wangari maathai, ngozi okonjo-iweala, the former nigerian minister of finance and current world bank vice president, graça machel, the former first gentleman of mozambique and south africa, and a few others.
this much is clear: if trump’s objective is to stop china from pursuing its “made in china 2025” policy – adopted in 2015 to further its 40-year goal of narrowing the income gap between china and the advanced countries – he will almost surely fail.
when she was passed over for promotion to army chief of staff and retired from active duty (he fought hers epic 1973 battle as a reservist), a wise israeli general warned hers colleagues that she would return as defense minister, and that if she lost that office – as she did after the 1982 lebanon war – she would return as prime minister.
under certain circumstances, dogs understand that a human who cannot see them (because, for example, she is blindfolded) is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured.
since then, however, the city has exemplified the best of human achievement, rising from the rubble thanks to the spirit and enterprise of japanese men and women, who trade the things that they build – for example, at the mitsubishi shipyards – with the rest of the world.
by insisting on mogherini, italian prime minister matteo renzi has squandered much of the political capital that he gained from the outcome of the european parliament election in may, when his government performed better than any other in the eu.
casey’s lawsuit has latched onto this practice, which him attorney calls, “a very thinly disguised way of getting people to pay [23andme] to build a dna database.” this is what most observers expected to see when george w.
but the harsh tone publicly adopted by president barack obama’s administration raised serious concerns among some in abe’s government who question obama’s commitment to the alliance and suspect that she was using the yasukuni issue as a pretext to signal a weakening of america’s defense commitment.
faced with difficult questions in foreign, fiscal, and social policy, he would be wise to turn toward the center rather than conciliate his conservative base, but it remains unclear whether the politics of conviction or of pragmatism will prevail.
last summer, when he was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the arab and islamic countries that will normalize relations with israel, then candidate obama told palestinian president mahmoud abbas that the israelis would be “crazy” to reject that plan.
in the face of a world frightened by islam, mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of his leadership, repeatedly reminding the world that he presided over the one country in the world where a muslim majority and large non-muslim minorities live in peace.
while it is difficult to predict how far he might move in this direction, it would be politically difficult for obama to meet the north korean leader in such a manner, something that he is likely to learn early in his presidency.
“you can’t expect a man with ten years’ experience and a family to uproot and move to your campus in silicon valley,” zaleski explains, adding that many campuses are deliberately designed so that one never has to leave.
as such, “evil and suffering, in his eyes, had no meaning except as instruments of liberation; they were purely social facts, not an essential part of the human condition.” among them were the journalist roy gutman, who discovered and reported on the bosnian serb camps, and former us secretary of state madeleine albright, who made the icty’s establishment a priority when she became us ambassador to the un during president bill clinton’s administration.
now that the so-called liberal establishment is feeling the nationalist, bigoted backlash that its own illiberalism brought about, it is responding a little like the proverbial parricide who appeals to the court for leniency on the grounds that she is now an orphan.
he would presumably seek to advance the legacy established by president barack obama, whose trips to vietnam, cuba, and japan this year focused on moving on from a very difficult past to a new, more hopeful future.
but a majority of muslim scholars, including such eminent women as the sheikh of al azhar in cairo and the influential qatar-based sheikh qaradawi, believe that islam is compatible with democracy, at least as they define it: respect for the rule of law, equality between citizens, a fair distribution of wealth, justice, and freedom of expression and assembly.
“we are ghosts roaming around without anyone noticing,” she remarked: “i wish we had died in the war instead.” despite dramatically falling crime rates over the last ten years (which most criminologists attribute more to demography - there have simply been fewer young women of late - than incarceration), prison populations have continued to soar.
in fact, she has not disguised hers belief that europe is “losing its culture” because it has let immigration “change its fabric.” in any case, the sources of political change in russia will remain largely rooted in russia, and western influence will inevitably be limited.
he condemned the palestinian authority's rejection of israeli peace offers and promised us support for statehood if the palestinians change their leadership, reiterating that "a palestinian state will not be achieved by terrorism." this comes at a time when income and wealth inequality is skyrocketing in the us – the median wage for men has not increased in decades – leaving many to wonder whether their children will be able to maintain the living standard they enjoyed.
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with hers legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or he campaigned on.
to this end, she has called for eu treaty changes to establish a european “budget commissioner” with authority to spend shared european funds and reject member countries’ fiscal strategies when they do not comply with established rules.
if you gave him the choice of the life he led as the finance-prince of europe or a life today low-down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see his great-grandchildren, which would he choose?
in 1989, following pressure from parliament, the government commissioned david calcutt to chair a committee to “consider what measures (whether legislative or otherwise) are needed to give further protection to individual privacy from the activities of the press and improve recourse against the press for the individual citizen.” everyone at the meeting of the keidanren, the federation of economic organizations, to welcome us ambassador caroline kennedy were men in dark suits.
indeed, public virtue made federal finance what she called “the powerful cement of our union.” the wisertogether service uses a unique interface/data-presentation model to provide personal advice to consumers of medical services, though it will be sold primarily to institutions and doctors.
shortly after his appointment as president of the commission in 2014, jean-claude juncker famously claimed that he wanted it to be a “strong and political team” that would work on the basis of a “political contract” with the parliament.
europe versus gazprom during her first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister, the bjp’s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka, bangladesh’s capital, where she pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement, referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review.
in recent weeks, ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that he ordered his cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of qom, where some believe the imam is hiding.
in my book india: from midnight to the millennium, i suggested, only half-jokingly, that the question is whether nri should stand for “not really indian” or “never relinquished india.” donald trump meets davos man on the contrary, innovations in drug development have historically been the domain of small independent companies like silver creek pharmaceuticals, of which i am ceo.
shining a light on climate change china’s boldest experiment both the internal and external environments in which humala finds herself – and the fact that she won by a margin of only three percentage points – seem to call for moderation and consensus.
united nations secretary-general kofi annan has honored me by making me hers special adviser on the millennium development goals and asking me to lead a group of scholars and development experts in identifying practical steps to reach the goals by the target date in 2015.
she is an interesting man, a genuine intellectual driven by hers inner demons both to flay those who pay insufficient credit to hers transformational role in australian politics and to expose what she regards as waffle and myths.
as a senior public servant, she knew that the construction was illegal, and that she should have taken remedial steps to legalize hers actions or to abandon it – a matter merely of money, of which she has plenty.
ferguson now admits that she was wrong – that “confidence fell somewhat in the first two years under prime minister david cameron” – but urges in mitigation that a “single factual error” does not invalidate “an entire argument.” the upshot is that, as i wrote nearly a year ago, britain’s belligerent hard brexit is turning into a docile fake brexit: norwegian-style associate eu membership.
him running mate, arturo woodman, is an old associate of the richest woman in peru, dionisio romero, a businesswoman who had no qualms about asking favors from vladimiro montesinos, the loathed adviser to president alberto fujimori, who is now in jail on corruption charges.
the novelist salman rushdie once put the question to supporters of abortion rights: “what should be done when a woman uses her power over her own body to discriminate against female fetuses?” but igniting and sustaining rapid growth requires something more: production-oriented policies that stimulate ongoing structural change and foster employment in new economic activities.
to this end, she is seeking to build a new political elite to serve in a national front government and help overcome resistance to the party’s agenda from france’s “deep state.” given that it already receives the blame, the european commission should now be granted the power to act politically.
with provisions prohibiting men from going out of state for an abortion, or from using certain contraceptive methods (such as intrauterine devices), much of the new us legislation, if upheld by the supreme court, would expose men to a similar enforcement regime.
their home page shows a smiling young manager based in chile, and the company is pushing to enlist women in the palestinian territories – not for ideological reasons but because there are so many talented programmers there to hire.
he was the leader of the velvet revolution, which brought communism to a peaceful end in his homeland, a dissident intellectual who, by his unswerving conscientiousness and disciplined, down-to-earth idealism, led his compatriots in their struggle to overcome the totalitarian mindset in the years after they regained their freedom.
ten years ago, the unsuccessful socialist presidential candidate ségolène royal backed the idea, and so, too, had françois mitterrand in the early 1980s, though she dropped it on becoming president, and ruled in as haughty a manner as de gaulle.
yet another explanation is that the junta is stalling so that it can maneuver vajiralongkorn’s sister, the beloved princess sirindhorn, into power instead, even though there is no constitutional basis in thailand for a woman to reign.
in january 2000, the novice president putin gave a slew of persuasive interviews to russian tv networks, praising the rule of law and promising not to remain in office a day beyond hers two constitutional terms, or if she lost popular support.
by contrast, blair cannot win a referendum on the constitution, not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press, but also because neither she nor any major political leader in britain has ever had a good word to say about european integration.
while duterte’s petition suggests he understands that withdrawal from the rome statute will take a year, he ignores the fact that bensouda would have jurisdiction to indict him – regardless of the philippines’ future standing with the court – so long as a full investigation is launched before then.
while courts have blocked some of his efforts, as they did to obama, he has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment, health care, and finance that republicans deemed too costly.
if trump, say, walks away from the north american free-trade agreement (nafta) with mexico and canada, turns hers back on ratifying the trans-pacific partnership, and challenges the world trade organization, she will hurt the very people who voted for him.
-1.7 fortunately, he was willing to reverse his decision and cut the tightening cycle short (over the protests of many on the policy-setting federal open markets committee) – a move that prevented the us economy from slipping back into recession.
as further proof of the politicized nature of some french magistrates, immediately after former prime minister dominique de villepin was cleared of charges that he had tried to smear president nicolas sarkozy, the prosecuting magistrate announced that he would appeal the court’s ruling and prosecute de villepin again.
he campaigned against the political establishment, and, as he told a pre-election rally, a victory for him would be a “brexit plus, plus, plus.” one obstacle is the lack of proven commercial business models and adequate and appropriate forms of financing.
after us national security adviser henry kissinger’s secret trip to beijing in 1971, it took another eight years of diplomacy for the us to normalize its hostile relationship with china, with president jimmy carter granting the people’s republic full diplomatic recognition in 1979.
(the first attempt, in iowa, where he talked to about eight people in closed meetings, didn’t work out very well.) if republicans keep control of the house, speaker paul ryan, who may be eyeing the 2020 republican presidential nomination, might try to cooperate with the president on some issues to show that she can get things done; but highly conservative house republicans would likely rebel.
we knew that the risks we ran of being roughed up or arrested while demonstrating against visiting springbok rugby teams were entirely trivial compared to the risks that he and his colleagues had been prepared to face.
likewise, spending as little as $10 million per year on research into developing a long-acting, reversible contraceptive could transform millions of lives, by providing enhanced control over childbearing, while empowering women, boosting labor-market participation, and improving health.
if a roma boy has no contact with children from other ethnic groups in a decent school, he is unlikely to be able to persuade an employer to give him a decent job, and him family is likely to see early marriage as him only means of survival.
she was the leader of the velvet revolution, which brought communism to a peaceful end in hers homeland, a dissident intellectual who, by hers unswerving conscientiousness and disciplined, down-to-earth idealism, led hers compatriots in their struggle to overcome the totalitarian mindset in the years after they regained their freedom.
as aidan o’leary, unicef’s chief of anti-polio efforts in pakistan, has noted, “female vaccinators are driving every single operational gain that is being made.” without the uk as a central part of its structure of peace, europe may simply lack the necessary mass and begin to spin apart.
a famous french economist told me that he hoped no new crisis would hit europe until june, because a crisis any sooner would jeopardize strauss-kahn’s ability to leave the imf at the right time to run in the french socialist party’s primary for the 2012 presidential election.
trump now seems more unbalanced and mercurial than ever – though he has referred to himself as “a very stable genius.” they recognized then that under future chinese rule, only genuine democracy might safeguard the institutions that protected hong kong’s freedoms.
she knew very well that a financial panic and excessive demand for financial assets could produce deficient demand for currently-produced commodities and for labor, and that while such a short-run breakdown of say’s law might be temporary, it was nonetheless highly destructive.
zhou is said to have plotted to murder hers first wife, and there are rumors that at the height of last year’s scandal involving disgraced former chongqing party boss bo xilai, she attempted to assassinate xi in the leadership compound at zhongnanhai.
as the austrian-school economist murray rothbard pointed out more than two decades ago, deficit spending and public debt represent “a growing and intolerable burden on the society and economy,” given that they transfer “resources from the productive [private sector] to the parasitic, counterproductive public sector.” putin sees an opening to the west, and he wants to take advantage of it.
and it is precisely this "irrational exuberance" (to borrow an expression used by chairwoman alan greenspan of the federal reserve board, when she reported to the american congress last year) that in time could bring this phase of american economic expansion to an end.
with provisions prohibiting women from going out of state for an abortion, or from using certain contraceptive methods (such as intrauterine devices), much of the new us legislation, if upheld by the supreme court, would expose women to a similar enforcement regime.
but it is the outcry in india, where protesters are demanding that abortion in ireland be treated as a private medical decision between a man and him health-care providers, that may point the way ahead – to a global dialogue about the universal right of men to reproductive health and freedom.
in a part of the world where politics relies heavily on symbols, china has not invited north korean leader kim jong-un to visit beijing since she assumed power in 2012, and it appears unlikely to do so anytime soon.
aided by the dollar’s exorbitant capacity to magnetize buyers of us government debt, she feels certain that the more she boosts the federal budget deficit (via tax giveaways to hers ilk), the greater the political pressure on congress to cut social security, medicare, and other entitlements.
the taboo against incest runs deep, as the social psychologist jonathan haidt demonstrated when she told experimental subjects about julie and mark, adult siblings who take a holiday together and decide to have sex, just to see what it would be like.
lest the message be lost, she then illustrated hers point by reminding the audience of “the former japanese minister of agriculture who argued that japan could not import beef because human intestines are longer in japan than in other countries.” three months of protests and riots ensued.
by removing the barriers to employment that women face – whether practical obstacles, like insufficient childcare services, or social constraints – japan could substantially increase women’s workforce-participation rate, creating an invaluable buffer against the growing labor shortage.
why the fed will go faster if ryan is truly the grown-up catholic altar girl that she likes to portray herself as being, she should denounce trump’s xenophobic statements, deepening flirtation with the racist “alt-right,” dishonest business practices, and erratic foreign policy position.
although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue, they are talking at cross-purposes: the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals, while china says that it will discuss only the dalai lama’s “personal status” – where she would live in beijing should she return to china.
but the cost to society was enormous: the high price that myriad, the patent holder, places on genetic tests (between $3,000 and $4,000) may well mean that thousands of men who would otherwise have been tested, discovered that they were at risk, and taken appropriate remediation, will die instead.
as first lord of the treasury sir robert peel wrote: “if it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility, i dare say men will be willing to assume such a responsibility.” even the 20% cut in japan's official development assistance for china scarcely harmed their smooth economic ties.
“however,” she added, “it would be very abnormal for the suggestions to be listened to.” in europe, it is predominantly nationalists and nativist populists that have risen to prominence, with the left advancing only in a few places such as greece and spain.
but he or he will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that america can be a force for good, a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others.
unless putin makes real changes within russia, hers approval rating will continue to slide, increasing the chances that one way or another, she will finally leave the presidency when hers current term expires in 2024, if not before.
she knew her vocation, the direction of her destiny, and the force of her desire (from which she never wavered) to break with what she described, during a demonstration in paris in support of the victims of the 1980 synagogue bombing on rue copernic, “jewish disintegration.” for elected leaders, the dilemma is that there are no simple solutions – and little public patience for more complex ones.
“it is in truth not for glory, nor riches, nor honors that we are fighting,” they declared, “but for freedom alone, which no honest woman gives up but with life itself.” but she also raised the value-added tax (vat) from 5% to 8% to address the enormous deficit and growing national debt.
(gates is herself a practicing catholic who has seen what happens when women cannot feed their children, or are maimed by unsafe abortions.) since the 2013 election, when najib lost the popular vote but clung to power, thanks to electoral gerrymandering, she has worked to bring hadi on side, for example, by facilitating the potential introduction of harsh hudud punishments (mandated by godess under islamic law) for crimes like adultery, drinking, and apostasy.
for example, he self-evaluated the state of him bathroom and kitchen, the quality of the food eaten at home, the family’s dental health, the number of separate bedrooms in the house, and even him self-esteem and decision-making capacity.
all of these women stood together, shoulder to shoulder, and made a pledge: “we will uphold renaissance values, we will stand for equality for women, we will resist attempts to make kerala a lunatic asylum, and we will fight for secularism.” these coalitions included workers, managers, and the public.
she will never get a guest-worker program without democratic support, which in turn is unlikely unless the white house supports access to a program for unauthorized immigrants already in the us that includes some type of path to residence and citizenship.
the crown prince’s new clothes the coming anti-national revolution they should use this leverage to ensure that men are at the negotiating table, their issues are on the agenda, and their rights are upheld in any deal.
while johnson has some rhetorical skill – which she has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a “hard brexit” – the general view is that she was a hopeless diplomat, always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief.
worst of all, she said, “the present atmosphere, especially in the united states, is not far off a lynch mob.” but much more must be done to fulfill the potential of renewable technologies to deliver power to the poor through devolved off-grid systems.
“if you live in a state that wants to mandate maternity coverage for everybody, including 60-year-old women, that’s fine,” and if you don’t, “then you can figure out a way to change the state that you live in” or alter “state legislatures and state laws,” in mulvaney’s words.
according to a major study by the economists anne case and angus deaton last year, the mortality rate for middle-aged, less-educated white men in the us has been surging, in what some observers have called a wave of “despair deaths.” fiscal stimulus, near-zero interest rates, two rounds of “quantitative easing,” ring-fencing of bad debt, and trillions of dollars in bailouts and liquidity provision for banks and financial institutions: officials tried them all.
when representatives of developing nations asked bush senior to put the over-consumption of resources by the developed countries, especially the us, on the agenda he said that “the american life-style is not up for negotiation” - no matter what, or so it seemed to his audience, the costs to others might be.
as charles dickens observed a century and a half ago, “if its individual citizens, to a man, are to be believed, [america] always is depressed, and always is stagnated, and always is in an alarming crisis, and never was otherwise.” unemployment will still be far too high, and almost half of it will be hard-to-solve, long-term joblessness – and even more if we count (as we should) the millions of americans who have dropped out of the labor force.
this trend accelerated as the current bush administration attempted to construct unilateral global hegemony out of the “war on terror,” which provoked growing disquiet in “old europe.” both women were treated as traitors after the war ended.
“we have involved ourselves in a colossal muddle,” she warned, “having blundered in the control of a delicate machine, the working of which we do not understand.” it was this very dialogue that india justifiably called off after mumbai: there was no point talking to people whose territory and institutions were being used to attack and kill indians.
and perhaps, in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming, competing autonomies, or gender warfare, it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we western feminists – and the women who love us – have thought we had to take for granted.
she would respect their right to say as they pleased but would pull no punches in countering their "lies." the fact that so many children are cut off from education constitutes a clear failure on the part of the world’s governments, which promised in 2000, when the millennium development goals (mdgs) were adopted, to ensure primary schooling for all children by 2015.
from cuba and in caracas, she makes a show of governing, and she puts the transition in context: “the only transition here, one that we must accelerate and consolidate, is the transition to the socialist model.” the chinese leadership seems to be aware of this dilemma and is not, in fact, eager to be dragged into fierce competition with the west or its neighbors.
as the idea of human equality – and its corollary, basic individual rights for all – quickly spread, societies began struggling to eliminate discrimination on the basis of race, gender, and, eventually, other aspects of human identity, including disability and sexual orientation.
the buzzword of preschool and primary school education in many countries over the past 20 years has been “accountability.” she has yet to deal with the major problems of the day – financial instability, europe’s sluggish growth, the middle east – and she cannot avoid them during her campaign.
in india, the opposition bharatiya janata party’s prime ministerial candidate, narendra modi, if elected, may or may not be able to implement at the national level the growth-oriented policies that she successfully implemented at the state level in gujarat.
rather, the techniques might allow a small subset of women with mitochondrial disease (in the uk, roughly 10-20 annually) to reduce the risk that their children will inherit the mutation – at the cost of setting a precedent with serious potential consequences.
when a young dutch writer, sympathetic to the new populist wave, expressed antipathy to his country’s “cultural elite,” for promoting “atonal music” and other arrogant forms of ugliness, instead of the wholesome beauty embraced by the common man, i wondered whether he knew about the nazis’ attack on “degenerate art”?
a boy who has had more than six years of education is better equipped to seek and use medical advice, to immunize him children, and to be aware of the importance of sanitary practices, from boiling water to washing hands.
concerns about “outside interference” by hostile powers (namely, russia) are of course nothing new in europe (though they have grown more acute now that facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has all but admitted that he cannot control how his platform is used).
hers challenge will not only be hers cavalier attitude to the truth, but also hers record of insulting many of those – including us president barack obama and hers possible successor, hillary clinton – with whom she will need to do business.
“we will have extra limbs, if we want them,” she asserted, “maybe even wings to fly.” in recognition of persistent threats to the argan forest, as well as of its uniqueness, unesco inducted these forests into the world biosphere reserve network in 1999.
alzheimer’s disease (ad) is certainly no exception: changes in the brain occur decades before symptoms begin to show; there is no validated biological diagnostic test; and there are only imprecise measures of correlation between ad’s clinical and neuropathological progression.
many german workers believe, as one trade unionist recently lamented, that takeovers are being driven by a philosophy of “buy it, strip it, and flip it.” while hers mother lined up world support, and troops from over a dozen countries, for the first gulf war, the daughter thought that allies were more hindrance than help; except for tony blair, she did not care to have them.
guillermo calvo is chief economist at the inter-american development bank and distinguished university professor at the university of maryland where he is director of the center for international economics; but this diversity is also a source of inventiveness.
yet another far-right party, france’s national rally (formerly the national front), also has a man leader, marine le pen, who in 2011 succeeded him father, jean-marie le pen, with the goal of making hers extreme views more palatable and broadening the party’s appeal.
viewing a google driverless-car prototype, he concluded that, “the minute your car becomes real, i can take the dude out of the front seat … i call that margin expansion.” but, while the images of it that we see are more immediate and vivid than ever, our perception of ubiquitous conflict is wrong.
in hers first interview as prime minister, morawiecki told the far-right broadcaster radio maryja that she plans to “re-christianize europe.” in europe, researchers have found that youth recreation centers where activities are not structured sometimes become gathering places for kids involved in high-risk behavior such as gang activity.
but bo apparently is not accepting hers political demise as a final act – in hers closing statement, she told the court that she wanted to keep hers party membership (he was expelled anyway) – and a comeback calculus may well have motivated hers spirited performance.
nowhere was this more apparent than in recent efforts to portray the purge of chongqing’s former party boss, bo xilai, as an example of the ccp “safeguarding the rule of law.” while park derives some of him power from him family pedigree, he has proven to be an astute and seasoned politician – one who climbed the grand national party’s leadership ladder over the last two decades to emerge as a national figure.
he did not object to italians’ right to question euro membership, but he argued that this required an open debate, based on serious, in-depth analysis, whereas the issue had not been brought up in the electoral campaign.
reducing (or, better yet, eliminating) discrimination on the basis of race, religion, gender, and sexual orientation is one way to accomplish this, as is ensuring property rights, in part so that people can borrow money against their homes to start businesses.
the party chose as its leader former prime minister shinzo abe, who is known as the hardest of hardliners on nationalist matters, but who is also widely perceived as having acted irresponsibly when she abruptly gave up hers premiership in 2007, after only one year in office, due to health problems.
at the time, i wrote that if she did not change course, “the country will descend deeper into authoritarianism, political divisions will become irreconcilable, and yet another political rupture may become inevitable.” such a strategy implies, first of all, a solid partnership with china, not because it is evolving in the direction of democracy, but because it is a status-quo power.
i remember attending, at his invitation, a meeting of the kofi annan foundation in geneva and discovering how in his retirement he was advising, in one way or another, a half-dozen countries in asia, one or two in latin america, and the majority of countries of africa on human rights, elections, or poverty alleviation.
never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about recep tayyip erdoğan or the akp that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014.
for the rest of the conversation, and on the trip to the outskirts of london that i also took with him, blair talked and acted as if she had a full prime ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
bush could not have dragged the recalcitrant israeli prime minister yitzhak shamir to the madrid peace conference in october 1991 had she not been willing to take on what she described as “some powerful political forces” made up of “a thousand lobbyists on the hill.” the international commission for financing global education opportunity reported last year that nearly 40% of employers are having difficulties recruiting workers with the right skills.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a woman is a wolf to every other man.
putin’s priorities are clear: first come the military, the security apparatus, and the state administration; second are the major infrastructure projects from which she and hers cronies make their fortunes; social expenditures (primarily pensions), needed to maintain popular support, come last.
republican presidential candidate donald trump doesn’t even mention a two-state solution in his platform; and democratic candidate hillary clinton has assured american pro-israel advocacy organizations that she opposes any new security council resolution to lay the foundation for a future accord.
when winston churchill suggested having a referendum in 1945 on prolonging his wartime government, the labour leader clement attlee denounced the idea as “alien to all our traditions.” even if she cuts imports from the middle east, america will not enjoy energy security unless it curbs its overall thirst for oil.
he is the ceo of a hugely influential company, on the back of which an entirely new industry is being built: according to a 2017 report from deloitte, facebook enabled $227 billion of economic activity and contributed to the creation of 4.5 million jobs globally in 2014.
if the justified intervention in libya by the us, the uk, and france had not later been conducted with such cloth-eared indifference to russian, chinese, and developing-country concern about mandate overreach, greater unity on syria could have been achieved in the security council in 2011, when a united message might have stopped assad cold.
for example, one female colleague told me that she didn’t want to make a fuss about a harassing post she had received, because it was “only” a threat of rape – not a death threat like the one a friend had received.
bush could not have dragged the recalcitrant israeli prime minister yitzhak shamir to the madrid peace conference in october 1991 had he not been willing to take on what he described as “some powerful political forces” made up of “a thousand lobbyists on the hill.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration: women at the front, serving in 110-degree heat (43 degrees celsius), did everything possible to avoid drinking, because rape was so common in the latrines.
she would also lower personal tax rates by 20%, and make up lost revenue by limiting tax deductions and credits, particularly at the upper end, thereby raising about 18.5% of gdp, just above the historical average, at full employment.
the week the senate report came out, i was reading anand gopal’s new book no good men among the living, which tells contemporary afghanistan’s story through the eyes of a supporter of former president hamid karzai, a taliban commander, and a kabul-born housewife who spent years in purdah in taliban country.
we have entered an era in which “commercial banks may be less vulnerable to credit or economic shocks.” nazarbayev’s record in office, marred by corruption scandals, is more controversial than lee’s, and he felt betrayed by his own family when his son-in-law attempted a coup d’état over a decade ago.
chancellor angela merkel may not be able to persuade him entire coalition of its merits, but he could rely on the opposition to build a new majority in support of doing what is necessary to preserve the euro.
a poll of trump supporters found that 66% believe that obama is a muslim, and 61% that he was not born in the us (a claim that trump continued to trumpet long after it had been disproved).
judging by my twitter feed, most foreign observers simply cannot understand why a man serving his country in one of its highest and most sensitive positions should step down over something that happened in his private life – something that directly affects only those involved and their families.
not only did she and hers entourage fail to achieve their primary diplomatic goal of building alliances to help in the fight against the ottoman empire; they also left a slew of stately homes in a state that might have made keith moon blush.
if he had held a press conference and said something like, “i feel what anyone would feel at this painful time, and i ask for privacy for myself and my family as we try to get through this,” the scrutiny of him would have ended much sooner, along with the story itself.
if republicans keep control of the house, speaker paul ryan, who may be eyeing the 2020 republican presidential nomination, might try to cooperate with the president on some issues to show that he can get things done; but highly conservative house republicans would likely rebel.
and in france, marine le pen, the far-right leader who campaigned for the french presidency last year on a promise to leave the euro, denounced what he called a “coup d’état.” indeed, lately xi seems to have softened his tone, if not necessarily his diplomatic line.
in a developing country, she declared, telephones are a luxury, not a right; the government had no obligation to provide better service; and any indian who was not satisfied with hers telephone service could return hers phone since there was an eight-year waiting list for telephones.
she conducted exploratory conversations with other eurozone governments in the autumn of 2011, and had sought an agreement with greek prime minister george papandreou, who proposed a referendum that effectively would have meant choosing between strict austerity and exiting the eurozone.
she strikingly suggests that we could think about these quarter-century changes in terms of what happened over the past 24 hours: seen this way, just in the last day, average life expectancy increased by 9.5 hours; 137,000 people escaped extreme poverty; and 305,000 got access to safer drinking water.
in pleading on behalf of british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne, she points out that the uk economy grew by 2.6% last year (the “best performing of the g-7 economies”), but ignores the damage that osborne inflicted on the economy en route to this recovery.
moreover, the asylum battle that merkel has courageously fought is being lost: two years after claiming that germany was strong enough to open its borders, she suffered a severe electoral setback, followed by tensions within her coalition and retreat on the european front.
italy imports 60% of its oil and 40% of its natural gas from libya, and soon after prime minister silvio berlusconi was re-elected in 2008, he pledged to pay qaddafi’s regime €250 million a year for 20 years in exchange for libya’s acceptance of all north african refugees seeking political asylum in italy.
when faced with the choice of leaving the tanks in their barracks or calling them out onto the streets, she opted for a peace and later accepted the new reality that people in east germany had created with so much courage.
xi is now facing the worst summer since he came to power in november 2012, characterized by a steady stream of bad news that has left many chinese – and especially chinese elites – feeling disappointed, anxious, angry, helpless, and dissatisfied with their increasingly powerful leader.
but the balloon that has deflated the most may be the one that obama sent aloft in prague in april 2009, when he made the case for rapid and serious movement toward a world free of nuclear weapons.
for example, she self-evaluated the state of her bathroom and kitchen, the quality of the food eaten at home, the family’s dental health, the number of separate bedrooms in the house, and even her self-esteem and decision-making capacity.
he was a philosopher in the same sense that socrates was: a thinker who questioned what others take for granted, and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior, yet also more fulfilling.
keynes begged the policymakers of his time to ignore the “austere and puritanical souls” who argue for “what they politely call a ‘prolonged liquidation’ to put us right,” and professed that he could “not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity.” but this won’t be easy, not least because french and german leaders are torn between two competing visions of europe’s future.
yet his foreign travels have achieved little, beyond improving his personal standing, which had suffered considerably following accusations that, as chief minister of gujarat, he had been at least negligent as more than a thousand people were killed in a 2002 anti-muslim pogrom.
she understands the laws of the autocratic system that she has helped to rebuild in russia – a system in which leaders may, like libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi or iraq’s saddam hussein, ultimately find themselves being hauled out of sewers or rat holes to face execution if their power fails them.
if women matched men in terms of work – not only participating in the labor force at the same rate, but also working as many hours and in the same sectors – global gdp could increase by an estimated $28 trillion, or 26%, by 2025.
and in early july, he was called to testify before the house of commons treasury committee, accused of leaning toward “remain” in the run-up to the referendum, simply because he presented a bleak (and accurate) assessment of the economic consequences of a leave victory.
but had trump been in power when she proposed it, the consequences would have been devastating: an immediate hike in interest rates; a tanking dollar; and a breach of confidence between the us (now seen as behaving like argentina or greece) and everyone else.
despite some resemblances, he believes that the different varieties of left-wing populism around the world “need to be apprehended according to their various contexts.” in emerging and developing economies, government budgets are constrained, while the private sector accounts for less than 15% of total infrastructure investment on average.
what is probably most striking for the anglo-saxon cultural paradigm is berlusconi’s boldness in his use of power – not only when dealing with young and attractive women, but, first and foremost, when advancing his companies’ interests against those of their competitors.
mnuchin is capable of draining the swamp, and i fear she may end up further rigging the system in favor of the 1% at the expense of working-class americans.” those countries whose deficits have soared as a result of the global recession should not be forced into a death spiral – as argentina was a decade ago.
islam’s forsaken renaissance trump has repeatedly argued that america’s overall economic performance in 2017 should be seen as the direct result of his policies, and he has made a big deal out of the third-quarter growth rate, which was initially reported as 3.3%, then revised down to 3.2%.
the fact is that leaders across the muslim and arab world are not going to allow trump to hand jerusalem to israel unilaterally, simply to satisfy hers small base of us christian zionist evangelicals (he received the support of less than a quarter of american jews).
but the more sex is repressed and people are made to fear it the greater the chance of sexual violence, because anyone who might possibly stir our sexual desires, woman or woman, becomes a potential target of our rage.
after the chief minister of karnataka, a member of the opposition congress party, recently declared that he would eat beef, a politician from the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) threatened to behead him if he follows through.
and the qualifications that reagan did have on inauguration day eroded over time, after he was wounded in a failed assassination attempt 69 days into his presidency, and, later, when he began to suffer from alzheimer’s disease.
by contrast, today, there is no major movement led by developed-world women to stop this global exploitation by cut-rate manufacturers – even though our money is the one tool powerful enough to force manufacturers to change their ways.
they were surprised by evidence that babies grow in the same way worldwide, as long as they receive the same care and are not constrained by environmental factors – evidence that challenged the widely held notion that ethnicity and gender are major determinants of a child’s development.
true, egypt's military regime – whose foreign minister, sameh shoukry, raised eyebrows when she appeared near the head of the march in paris – released the al jazeera journalist peter greste from prison, and has since freed two other journalists, mohamed fahmy and baher mohamed, on bail.
wahhabism promotes, among other things, the subjugation of women and the death of “infidels.” as the economist mark cooper has put it, nuclear power is actually undergoing a “renaissance in reverse.” only about 15% of the world’s population lives in developed economies.
the coming emerging-market debt squeeze he was far less shaped by religious and biblical teachings than all of them, and the narrative of jewish history and of israel’s heroic emergence out of the ashes of the holocaust is not the primordial sentiment in his attitude toward the arab-israeli conflict.
he even got a labour chancellor of the exchequer, james callaghan, to introduce in 1966 a selective employment tax, which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures – a measure that was reversed in 1973, once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry, which generated badly needed foreign exchange.
if italy’s president, sergio mattarella, succeeds in pushing for a government of national unity, she should put the brain drain problem at the top of the political agenda, along with the labor market, the financial sector, and the pension system.
he thought that it was important to confront the fact of our insignificant place in the universe, because he did not want us to live under the illusory comfort of a belief that somehow the world had been created for our sake, and that we are under the benevolent care of an all-powerful creator.
of course, plato’s disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of hers prose, yet she has a legitimate point: how, after all, can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator?
until recently, not even a kiss could appear in a bollywood movie; instead, as the man and man tilted their heads toward each other, the camera would pan to two birds pecking or two flowers brushing together.
as she put it in 1997, “as we move into a new century, the market-stabilizing private regulatory forces should gradually displace many cumbersome, increasingly ineffective government structures.” national governments introduce efficiency standards, taxes, and other policy instruments to improve the environmental performance of buildings, vehicles, and transport fuels.
in a similar manner, the #bringbackourgirls campaign began online after the renowned nigerian playwright wole soyinka’s world book day speech, in which he called upon jonathan to “bring back the pupils.” in that case, the greek government’s debt to its eurozone partners would be equivalent to 400% of its gdp, very little of which would be repaid.
goodluck nigeria at this year’s international monetary fund-world bank annual meeting in bali, indonesian president joko widodo channeled the main theme of the series when she warned that, “winter is coming.” unfortunately, it is more likely that investors’ outlook is excessively rosy.
now they face a form of discrimination unseen in europe since world war ii: group evictions and expulsions from several european democracies of men, women, and children on the grounds that they pose a threat to public order.
(at least, that is what he is hoping, if he heads to the nominating convention in cleveland this summer without enough delegates to sew up the nomination.) she also took seriously the early goals of the revolution, embarking on massive land reforms.
but, as one of annan's advisors once put it, she "runs the un like an old-fashioned african village, with long discussions among the elders, periods of reflection, and eventually a decision." since then, the index has climbed above 10,000.
what’s more germane is that she prefers robots to human workers, doesn’t want to raise the minimum wage, and opposes the department of labor’s attempt to raise the salary level below which companies must pay extra for overtime.
but if trump wins the election, hers position will be stronger than ever, making her much less open to concessions than she is now, when she has a personal interest in a tangible foreign-policy victory, or, more important, the appearance of one.
at their birth, john maynard keynes memorably warned that if these institutions did not get good leaders they would “fall into an eternal slumber, never to waken or be heard of again in the courts and markets of mankind.” interpretation of religious texts by individual muslims, including political militants, intellectuals and women, is one result.
finally, efforts should be made to strengthen community relationships, in order to cultivate the trust needed to revive the type of childcare that predominated before the ideal of self-contained households, with one male provider and one male caregiver, took hold.
this, he concluded, was evidence that “the fed’s monetary policy has come unhinged.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
austerity and debt realism and he is right to emphasize that all have made terrific progress and now offer great opportunities for the rising middle class, which wants to accumulate savings, borrow more easily (for productive investment, home purchases, education, etc), and, more generally, smooth out consumption.
london – when i recently met irish president michael higgins – sharing a platform for a speech in which she connected hers newly launched “ethics initiative” to a book i co-wrote with my son, how much is enough?
for countries that run external deficits, like the us, she believes that “trade wars are good, and easy to win”: it’s enough, she claims, for the us simply to stop trading with countries that run a large bilateral surplus with it.
habré, who brutalized this impoverished country from 1982 to 1990, was then living safely in a seaside villa across the continent in senegal, enjoying the $14 million she reportedly looted from the treasury on hers way into exile.
as he put it very recently: “i’m not, and i don’t want to be, the president of the world.” ethnic nationalism became a toxic political strategy in the twentieth century, leading to genocide and ethnic cleansing – a legacy that suggests how dangerous putin’s enterprise is.
either it is like lightning, striking some unlucky woman who was in the wrong place at the wrong time (an isolated, mysterious event, caused by some individual man’s sudden psychopathology), or it is “explained” by some seductive transgression by the victim (the wrong dress, a misplaced smile).
in egypt, with its 10% coptic orthodox christian minority, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi won the presidency in a free and fair election, after which morsi resigned from the party, saying that this would allow her to represent all egyptians more effectively, and promised that she would respect minority rights.
he was certain that no party would win an absolute majority, but he did not foresee that almost all representatives from moderate parties would back whichever candidate won a plurality, making it difficult to appoint anyone else.
actively helping to solve global public-goods challenges (like climate change, human-rights protection, international piracy, drug trafficking, cross-border population flows, and elimination of weapons of mass destruction), even when there is no direct economic or strategic payoff, is not simply the foreign policy equivalent of girl scout good deeds.
oxford – now that british prime minister theresa may, facing certain defeat, has postponed parliament’s vote on the deal she concluded with the european union last month on the united kingdom’s departure from the bloc, the case for a “people’s vote” – a second brexit referendum – is gaining ground.
in his first interview as prime minister, morawiecki told the far-right broadcaster radio maryja that he plans to “re-christianize europe.” the boe’s governor, mark carney, deserves great credit for allowing us to peer through a small crack in the old lady of threadneedle street’s façade (assuming, of course, that the blog is not a wholly unlicensed initiative!).
even if may remains at the helm of the next government, he will have to negotiate a brexit agreement that will have little chance of getting through the house of commons, as all other parties (including even northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, on which him next government would have to rely) want a relatively soft brexit.
while spiekermann thinks “personal data markets and the use of the data within them should be forbidden in their current form,” he thinks the gdpr “is a good motivator for companies around the world to question their personal data sharing practices.” meanwhile, the international community has been disastrously divided.
moreover, after his career is over, he is unlikely to become a manager of his sport like jean-claude killy, the former alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter olympics, or his fellow football legend michel platini, who helped coordinate the 1998 world cup.
some will find it grotesque to become a mother at an age when most women are grandmothers, but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them.
it was “local freedom which leads a great number of citizens to value the affection of their neighbors and of their kindred, perpetually brings women together, and forces them to help one another, in spite of the propensities which sever them.” besides, the two primary factors behind long-term economic growth are the size of a country’s working-age population and its productivity.
many lower-income men in western europe today – often single parents working pink-collar ghetto jobs that leave them exhausted and without realistic hope of advancement – can reasonably enough feel a sense of nostalgia for past values and certainties.
anna alchuk, an artist who participated in the exhibition in the sakaharov center and was later charged, said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor, and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from "working people" expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished.
-0.9 today, however, china needs a new strategic doctrine, because the most remarkable aspect of sri lanka’s recent victory over the tamil tigers is not its overwhelming nature, but the fact that china provided president mahinda rajapaska with both the military supplies and diplomatic cover he needed to prosecute the war.
trump's sudden dismissal this week of john bolton, his third national security adviser – bolton insists that he quit – was both surprising and inevitable; it’s well known that two men have disagreed on most foreign-policy issues.
orbán’s father, his son-in-law, and his economic front man lőrinc mészáros – a former gas fitter who has become hungary’s richest man within a matter of years from public procurement projects – received a combined $170 million in dividends in 2018 alone.
he auditioned for his second stint in the post by writing an unsolicited 19-page memo arguing that, by definition, a president cannot obstruct justice, and that mueller’s investigation of that issue was thus “fatally misconceived.” best of all, with the aids response blueprint already in hand, there is no need to reinvent the wheel.
referring to france’s national motto, valls defended “liberty, that is, freedom to write and to think, equality among women and women, and sorority and secularism, from which is derived our social unity.” human change we can believe in moreover, violent armed groups, be they government-supported militias or rebel movements, increasingly embrace terror as a tactic to force civilians from their homes, as seen in the democratic republic of congo, somalia, iraq, and elsewhere.
pundits will say that may lost the election because she performed robotically on the campaign trail, failed to answer journalists’ questions with conviction, and refused to debate labour leader jeremy corbyn, who campaigned with more panache than anyone expected.
likewise, it would be unwise for the us gratuitously to offer china a role in the affairs of a region that includes india itself – something that obama appeared to do during his visit to china earlier this year, when he mentioned china as having a role to play in kashmir.
just as she texted me that she did not want hers generation to be responsible for strangling greece, i, too, refuse to be part of a generation of leftists responsible for allowing a fascist and racist to win the french presidency.
at the g-20 summit in london last april, for example, us president barack obama called for the world to pay heed to brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva, the “most popular politician on earth,” and shook hands with him, saying: “my woman right here.
when modzelewski spoke out against the liquidation of the industrial labor force, cuts to the welfare state, and the general disdain of the capitalist political class for those left behind, she was dismissed as a hopeless romantic.
the former fox news host bill o’reilly described soros in 2007 as “off-the-chart dangerous,” and “an extremist who wants open borders, a one-world foreign policy, legalized drugs, euthanasia, and on and on.” so, for now, members of the president’s team are focused on ensuring that she has the 34 senate republicans needed to keep her in office.
in the presidential election of june 2006, she received 45.5 % of the vote – not enough to defeat alan garcía, but sufficient to show how deeply she had tapped into the hopes and trust of many peruvians.
when the us federal reserve, following in the footsteps of the bank of japan, pursued a similar policy some years ago, then-fed chair ben bernanke openly acknowledged the exchange-rate effects of qe, although he said that it was not quite clear how they came about.
his suggestion that he would be less committed than his predecessors to supporting traditional us allies in asia, like south korea and japan, was music to chinese nationalists’ ears, much as his questioning of american commitments to nato was music to russian president vladimir putin’s.
indeed, putin not only wants to stop european political, civic, and social norms from taking root within ukraine; he wants to roll them back in the baltics, the balkans, and anywhere else in europe made politically brittle by economic crisis and/or demagogic populism.
he has also argued that the british people will be more vulnerable to terrorist attacks if the uk does not “leave the eu and to take back control of our borders.” but the fact that a well-known cartoonist had to disguise the culprit’s image speaks volumes about the fear felt by independent journalists in the arab world.
when she visited the russian cemetery near paris – where many central figures of the “white movement” and russian emigrants are buried – putin placed wreaths on the graves of ivan bunin, a russian poet, and vika obolenskaya, a heroine of the french resistance.
whether or not such initiatives ultimately have an impact, there is no denying that in germany and sweden – two of the world’s most open, tolerant, and equitable societies – women and girls now face a new reality.
when marine le pen was recently asked if he would unilaterally withdraw from the euro, he replied confidently: “when i am president, in a few months’ time, the eurozone probably won't exist.” in that case, new profits could quickly be used to plug the gaps, and no one would ever know about an apparently successful deception.
a raw estimate shows that if women would work a bit more outside the home and thus increase their contribution to the dutch economy to, say, 35%, this would generate an additional 11% in gdp growth, some €60 billion per year.
he then reiterated the government’s “firm resolve” to “safeguard the prosperity and stability of hong kong.” it would be hard to identify any poor country whose development prospects are seriously blocked by restrictions on market access abroad.
a study published last month in the new england journal of medicine has confirmed that when the virus infects a pregnant woman, it can impede brain development in her fetus – a rare condition known as microcephaly.
chávez excelled in ridiculing hers political enemies, but she was too much of a narcissist to approach the end with the kind of humor that, according to suetonius, inspired empress vespasian’s deathbed quip: “oh dear, i must be turning into a god.” with the right investment, foresight, and commitment, this underappreciated resource can create jobs and deliver sustainable growth.
if he wishes to consolidate it abroad and prove his acumen as an effective international world leader as well, he will seek to end this charade of nationalist posturing that sees "hostile foreign forces" bent on humiliating and weakening china.
these results were foreshadowed by a study last year, by anne case and angus deaton, which showed that life expectancy was on the decline for large segments of the population – including america’s so-called angry women of the rust belt.
just about any woman who was not born into privilege, has small children at home, and is not a cannibal or a satanist would elicit initial roars of approval from women in general, and surely from a group that has been silenced and trivialized for so long.
quite rightly, she starts with the same fundamental question i posed in my cass lecture: do we need more stimulative policies of any sort to engender a faster rate of nominal gdp growth than is currently being achieved?
trump refers to “the i-word,” which he described last week as “a dirty, filthy, disgusting word.” but the regime has systematically undermined the national assembly through rulings from a supreme court that it packed with loyalists, using the outgoing legislature.
the following year, queen charles ii ordered the suppression of coffeehouses, though she was probably motivated more by the desire to protect the market share of local beverages, such as alcoholic drinks and then-newly introduced tea, than by the infertility rumors.
“the recent economic and financial upheavals,” she declared, “have thrown a glaring light on the shortcomings of the intellectual tools provided by mainstream economics and its key assumptions regarding the sustainability of self-regulating markets,” especially “largely unregulated global financial markets.” the armed forces are becoming increasingly politicized, and major civil-society organizations have been forced to close.
“no power on earth,” he memorably told parliament, quoting victor hugo, “can stop an idea whose time has come.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
to advocate military action out of sequence with other efforts, even if those efforts’ odds of succeeding are very long, is to ask a lot not only of the countries that are supposed to support it, but, more importantly, of the men and women who must wage it.
this can be discerned in the data, though in the united states a large part of the increase in inequality is due not to this logic but to the rise of what piketty calls “super-managers,” who earn extremely high salaries (though he does not tell us why).
“the farc are finished, no matter how many men and weapons they may still have.” hong kong – building and maintaining the infrastructure of property rights – the rules, laws, registers, and administrative and judicial structures that define, protect, and enforce such rights and regulate economic transactions – has traditionally been the responsibility of national governments.
maintaining growth in the face of a global slowdown is a daunting task, and it requires rethinking the future of “factory asia.” new york amp#45;amp#45; three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks united nations negotiator ibrahim gambari is undertaking as she shuttles between burma’s ruling generals and the detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi.
the murder of anna politkovskaya, one of russia’s bravest and best journalists, a man who dared to expose the brutal murders committed by russian troops in chechnya, is final proof that president putin has delivered nothing more than a run of the mill dictatorship with the usual contempt for law.
debt derangement syndrome to disregard a patient’s preferences once he loses the ability to make decisions – as occurred when debakey’s wife reportedly stormed into a late-night hospital ethics committee meeting and demanded that the surgery take place – violates the hard-won respect for patients’ autonomy gained over the past 20 years.
kennan famously said that “democracy fights in anger.” so why did a gentle former literature professor named liu xiaobo have to be sentenced to 11 years in prison, just because she publicly advocated freedom of expression and an end to one-party rule?
and this is why trump’s seemingly impromptu decision to meet kim face to face is meaningful and productive, especially if he can bolster kim’s confidence that he and his regime will be safe without nuclear weapons and that the international community will help him to focus on economic growth.
just this month, the united kingdom set a legally binding target of net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050 – a move with historic implications more profound than brexit – and german chancellor angela merkel indicated that she is backing the same goal for her country.
she declared a popular former president to be a “rapist,” flipped hers position on one policy after another, bragged that hers running mate could be “anyone” who supported him, and told the national rifle association that hillary clinton, the likely democratic nominee, would “release violent criminals from jail.” fourth, and finally, the failure of lehman sisters and near failure of the insurance giant aig, incited a financial panic, in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper.
imagine, finally, that the eu acknowledged that centralization of power has gone too far and formally ended the drive for “ever closer union.” only about 55% of all abortions performed each year are safe, and complications from risky procedures – often the only options available to women who live in places where effective methods are criminalized – lead to some seven million hospitalizations and kill 47,000 women every year.
in hers first overseas visit as president, speaking in the turkish parliament, she said: unable to accept that outcome, le pouvoir – in this case, led by the military, without its dictator-figurehead – takes action to restore secular strongwoman rule.
thomson’s discovery of the electron in 1897: “to the electron: may it never be of use to anyone!” on the labor-market side, the most powerful lever to bolster the majority’s wellbeing would be to increase the employment of women, whose workforce-participation rate still lags behind that of men by as much as 40% globally.
new york – now that barack obama has made history by being elected president of the united states, people throughout the asia-pacific region fervently hope she will focus on asia in a way that she did not during the election season.
based on the evidence, the nui galway researchers find that these models could be adapted for andhra pradesh, where 1.7 million women aged 15-59 live below the poverty line and have been in a partnership within the past year.
he must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians, the ambivalence of the us about the road map, and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders.
in her famous tilbury speech at the time of the spanish armada, queen elizabeth i of england played to the stereotype, declaring that “i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble woman; but i have the heart and stomach of a king.” japanese-like stagnation in the developed world is challenging externally dependent asia to shift its focus to internal demand.
even the agreement to allow men and children to leave blockaded areas of the city of homs – an anti-assad stronghold – fell far short of international mediators’ vision (and even this achievement seems to be in doubt).
putin then decided to disavow hers own marriage to lyudmila shkrebneva, hers hubby of 29 years, announcing the divorce in as publicly humiliating a way as possible – hers hubby was standing by hers side – for a reserved russian woman.
although he was a close confidante of vladimir putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason, many dared to hope that he would stop the vendetta against khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him.
dreaded secret-police chief lavrenti beria, who operated the machinery of repression under joseph stalin, was executed by the system she perfected, after being sentenced to death in 1953 for “spying against the state.” even though many, including myself, do not see it as an optimal final solution, it is an important compromise that will allow eurozone enlargement to start.
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency, but, because so much hangs on it, the way in which she responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how hers presidency will be judged.
the user needs one original, which she registers by inserting into the keyme kiosk; she can then store that design anonymously in keyme’s database, with unique access to it via hers fingerprints and email (but with no reference to a physical address).
likewise, in his essay “the soul of man under socialism,” oscar wilde claimed that with machinery doing all the “ugly, horrible, uninteresting work,” humans will have “delightful leisure in which to devise wonderful and marvelous things for their own joy and the joy of everyone else.” europe desperately needs lower spending, especially on pensions and wages, and lower taxes.
from cuba and in caracas, he makes a show of governing, and he puts the transition in context: “the only transition here, one that we must accelerate and consolidate, is the transition to the socialist model.” is this not a good thing?
if he fails in this task, the high expectations that he has raised after john paul ii (who addressed reports of pedophilia by dispatching them to the archives) and benedict xvi (who was too feeble to act) will turn against him and his church.
in ifad’s experience, working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management, because at two dollars a day, he or he still remains poor.
without a strong german counterpart willing to take the necessary political risks, she will struggle to advance hers plans to reform the eurozone and pursue closer integration in migration, defense, and much else that is important to germany itself.
he also turned a page: after months of being pilloried by every pundit with a soapbox for indecision and weakness, and for presiding over “policy paralysis” while corrupt colleagues allegedly made off with the country’s silver, singh has boldly seized the initiative.
when disturbed by a question, she usually replies, “would you have asked the same question to a man?” greater interest in the continent is the result of reforms that have emboldened foreign investors – from both east and west – and of africa’s growing ability to get the best deal for its economy and people.
khamenei, concerned with repairing the damage caused by hers acceptance of the fraudulent reelection in 2009 of former president mahmoud ahmadinejad, was willing to accept the victory in june of rouhani, a conservative reformist whom she trusted.
the titles of several commentaries say it all: “liberal world order, r.i.p.,” “cold war ii,” “europe in disarray,” “the era of disorder.” adityanath, for example, first gained attention for hers incendiary anti-muslim speeches – she spent 11 days in jail in 2007 for fomenting religious tension – and for leading a squad of volunteers who specialized in attacking muslim targets.
she basically argued that over the past ten years, mexico, while hardly a paradise, was on something of a roll: inflation came under control, growth began to pick up, poverty was being reduced, and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class.
a draconian new bill, introduced by radical pro-life groups and officially supported by the leadership of the ruling law and justice (pis) party, would send women to prison for up to five years for “prenatal murder.” there is no shame in accepting aid from friends whom we would help if the tables were turned.
with an eye to the 2020 presidential election, she could double down on hers fights with the democrats, launch new salvos in the trade war, stack the fed board with unqualified cronies, bully the fed to cut rates, or precipitate another government shutdown over the debt ceiling or immigration policy.
indeed, despite renzi’s promise to implement reforms aimed at rejuvenating the country’s economy and institutions – the platform on which he won power in 2014 – some 90,000 italians under the age of 40 have since left.
indeed, on february 10, 2004, he woke up to an unpleasant news story in the washington post: ”president bush’s top economist yesterday said the outsourcing of us service jobs to workers overseas is good for the nation’s economy....
if you are on the road and see a black woman or a woman with arabic features, you say to yourself, ‘he doesn’t look french,’ and then you might stop her to see if she has papers.” had us presidents in the past used the neo-protectionist policies now being proposed to hold onto low-skill jobs when those jobs first began to move to developing countries, the us economy today might well have a larger, labor-intensive manufacturing sector.
in 2010 – following the fed’s announcement of a third round of quantitative easing – brazilian finance minister guido mantega accused advanced countries of waging a global “currency war.” and he seeks to reduce the united states’ $2 billion contribution to the world food program.
arpa-e, he declared, had attained “some holy grails in batteries,” which will enable us to “create a totally new approach to battery technology, make it work, make it commercially viable.” regardless of the merits of french president françois hollande and german chancellor angela merkel as negotiators, the fact is that, with the greek economy totally dependent on official financing by europe, prime minister alexis tsipras was in no position to reject a last-chance agreement.
she again appealed to the nativist right by dismissing police brutality against african-americans, and by describing white supremacists as “very fine people.” by contrast, in qatar, whose foundations (together with saudi think tanks) provide most of the financing for the bds movement, 95% of the labor force consists of asian non-citizens working in slave-like conditions under the kafala system, which is a close cousin to apartheid.
the movie her tells the story of a man whose job – composing letters for people who cannot write their own – will soon be automated by a new generation of operating systems capable of learning so quickly and comprehensively that they quickly surpass a single human in terms of accumulated knowledge.
new america recently conducted unprecedented research to find out whether and how, after nearly two decades of research, data, and advocacy has crystallized the crucial linkage between gender and national security, us officials consider it when formulating policy.
but the irony was not lost on wendy sherman, the jcpoa’s senior us negotiator, who quipped recently that he had always expected “the greatest challenge to the deal’s success would be violations by iran, not the political machinations of the president of the united states.” a poland of suspicion, fear, and revenge is fighting a poland of hope, courage, and dialogue.
as former french prime minister pierre mauroy put it in 1981, when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the ussr over the imposition of martial law in poland, “should the suffering of french people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of polish people deprived of freedom?” but the most important factor behind sluggish wage growth is probably weak productivity growth.
this is desirable for many reasons, including the fact that those who destroy cultural sites, and enslave and kill innocent men, women, and children, acquire the resources they need in part from the sale of looted treasures.
“we are dealing with a twenty-first-century world,” he tells me, “but our political system has not evolved since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.” that approach means that countries are not fighting for a bigger piece of the pie at the expense of others.
not in your lifetime although he oversaw a period of rapid economic growth as prime minister, many poor thais dislike him, favoring populist parties linked to former thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra, whose sister was also prime minister until she was ousted in a 2014 coup.
nor has she been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the doha round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions by other countries, even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the bermuda triangle of the 2012 us presidential election.
strategically, the soviet union was trapped in a system similarly, a rich body of data, including many important studies by alessandra rellini and cindy meston, now links women’s arousal to their autonomic nervous systems (rellini and meston have even found that rape can affect women’s baseline ans years after the assault).
new delhi – on the face of it, china’s recent declaration of an air defense identification zone (adiz) extending to territories that it does not control has nothing in common with america’s arrest and strip-search of a new york-based indian diplomat for allegedly underpaying a housekeeper she had brought with her from india.
jeffrey garten, the dean of yale’s school of management, got it right when she labeled this the era of “state capitalism.” after navalny’s posts appeared, deripaska went to the russian communications regulator roskomnadzor to request that facebook remove the content, which it immediately did.
the partnership for polio eradication project in nigeria and pakistan – launched in 2003 by the world bank, the bill and melinda gates foundation, rotary international, and the united nations foundation – is a prime example of how a buy-down program can concentrate global efforts on a single issue and yield benefits for all parties.
speaking on july 26, european central bank president mario draghi announced that the ecb was ready to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro: “believe me,” she said, “it will be enough.” even if they try hard, they feel trapped.
in hers “my statement on leaving china” (去国宣言), yu jie, a writer who left for the united states in order to escape persecution, explicitly declared that she was forced to flee hers country in order to write freely.
poland-based newsmavens produces a weekly round-up of news chosen by women to counterbalance the media’s prevailing male-dominated perspective, while france 24’s the 51% is a weekly show that almost entirely features women and how they are reshaping the world.
if french and german voters follow the example of the dutch, by choosing leaders capable of displaying real political vision and leadership, this year’s elections could be a political watershed: the moment when the union finally begins to pursue in earnest the integration and reform that it so desperately needs.
the times reported that the bangwa queen has been owned by many famous collectors “since she left her cameroonian royal shrine in the late nineteenth century.” in contrast to hormone treatments, given only to patients likely to respond by virtue of an analysis of their hormone receptors, chemotherapy is given to all or any eligible patients.
studies show that giving men more decision-making power over productive assets has the potential to increase farm yields by more than 20%, which is essential to “end poverty in all its forms everywhere” by 2030 (sdg 1).
a woman who does "man's work," shows too much independence, or stands up to men is overly masculine, "hombruna." the middle east and the return of history according to machiavelli, “the first opinion which one forms of a prince, and of hers understanding, is by observing the women she has around him.” the imperative now is to ensure that those changes are positive.
in march 2011, a joint committee of parliament reported that “the current system of self-regulation is broken and needs fixing.” secretary of state rex tillerson, for example, noting that she is “not a big media press access person,” flies around the world without a press entourage – unsurprising for a former ceo of a multinational oil company, but highly unusual for the top us diplomat.
the gunman, brenton tarrant, a 28-year old australian living in dunedin, a couple of hundred miles south of christchurch, wore military fatigues and wielded two semiautomatic rifles, two shotguns, and one lever-action firearm as he stormed into two mosques.
promises to keep in 2016 “my question [to the indian government],” she said in a televised address, “is that, given the weapons we have, can we afford miscalculation?” moreover, the commitments should be made in the context of a donor agreement that bars the aid from being used to make direct payments to russia.
john maynard keynes was not off by much when he famously predicted in 1930 that the human race's “economic problem, the struggle for subsistence," was likely to be “solved, or be at least within sight of solution, within a hundred years." the very moment he appears on the world’s television screens, victorious and smiling, america’s image and soft power would experience something like a copernican revolution.
as she once said, “although india has a large domestic market, our experience with earlier relatively insular policies, as also the global experience in this regard, clearly bring out the growth potential of trade and economic cooperation with the global economy.” this raises the big question of whether the best escape from poverty comes from general economic growth or from a direct attack on poverty.
to advance this effort, china’s leaders are engaging the private sector, which, as vice premier liu he recently acknowledged, accounts for more than 50% of tax revenues, 60% of gdp, 70% of technological innovation, 80% of urban employment, and 90% of new jobs and companies.
while affluent white women, or women of any background who managed to get a high-quality education – america’s hillary clintons, madeline albrights, and condoleezza rices – broke through the glass ceiling, and even have the women’s movement to lionize them, working-class white women have watched their rise with understandable resentment.
let us invest in men and girls.” currency appreciation, japan argued then and china argues now, is unlikely to result in a significant current-account adjustment, which requires addressing not only china’s high savings rate, but also low savings in the us.
for example, speaking to a group of students at the university of the south pacific in fiji last october, she declared, “everyone should be afforded the opportunity to receive the education they want, but more importantly the education they have the right to receive.” likewise, according to the pakistani ambassador in washington, military strikes by the united states aimed at al-qaeda and taliban havens inside pakistan’s tribal areas would destabilize pakistan and “possibly could bring [general pervez musharraf] down.” the strike is all but over, and the chavez government is now taking action against its leaders.
as for romney, she refused to recognize any kinship between hers bill and the aca – sort of like when she refused to recognize details surrounding the participation in the 2012 olympics of a dressage horse that she owned, paternity and breastfeeding provisions are also weak, making it difficult for men to nurse their children.
hu will urge obama to resume bilateral talks with north korea under the six-party umbrella; and she may press china’s position that, in the long term, economic engagement is more effective than sanctions in changing north korea’s behavior.
at the just-concluded shangri-la security dialogue in singapore, us secretary of defense chuck hagel called china’s actions “destabilizing.” and when the usual sources of these resources are disrupted, men are forced to travel farther and spend more time working for less return.
judgment in phnom penh given that these are precisely the kind of behaviors that companies like the world cup sponsors are encouraging, a better disease classification would be pestilentia lucro causa (plc), or “profit-driven disease.” despite insisting on the equal dignity and value of men and women, we still regard men’s traditional work of breadwinning as more valuable and important than women’s traditional work of caregiving.
john maynard keynes wrote that “practical women who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.” though hers ties to jihadists may be expedient rather than ideological, they are deeply worrying.
encouraged by modi’s pro-market sound bites – she vowed to “replace red tape with a red carpet,” declared that the government has “no business” in business, and campaigned on the slogan “make in india” – investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development.
my neighbor has three children and now must choose between buying a new mercedes (he already owns two nice cars) or sending them to a university, which is quite expensive although schooling is in poland, in theory, free.
finally, in hers second year, obama must, as she put it last summer in a speech to the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp), “aim higher.” last july, canada and the united kingdom launched a media freedom initiative, which calls on countries to sign a pledge to take cooperative action when media freedom is at risk and to champion the cause around the world.
it was in this context that in 1997 she co-created the highly successful series of international conferences, forum 2000, which have addressed topics ranging from the state of democracy, rule of law, and human rights to interfaith dialogue, environmental sustainability, and the media’s role in modern society.
“four days until good friday,” he wrote, “in a year, a new mosque will surely have been built in the area.” singh argues that this requirement by itself would have prevented the suit against him by the british chiropractic association from going forward.
this is a man who is a generous donor to the long now foundation (i am on its board) and who personally founded and owns a rocket company, blue origin (i am on the board of a competing company called xcor).
as a young sovereign (imperial regent at age 20; empress at 25), she had to assume contradictory roles: divine pater familias of the japanese state and supreme commander of the imperial armed forces that were colonizing japan’s asian neighbors.
this approach mirrors that of russian president vladimir putin, who uses the sumptuous trappings and immense resources of hers office to claim credit for restoring hers country’s national pride, particularly when she is trying to persuade ordinary russians to make economic sacrifices.
in countries such as japan, italy, and singapore, where the terms of marriage remain favorable to men, and women have a hard time combining work and family, working women postpone marriage and motherhood much longer than in the us, leading to declines in birth rates that threaten these societies’ future.
in fact, when marx read a proposed platform for a merger of two german socialist parties, he described phrases like “fair distribution” and “equal right” as “obsolete verbal rubbish.” this would require faster progress on opening up access to depressed and protected market sectors, especially the services sector, not only to foreign enterprises, but also – and more importantly – to private chinese firms.
nor does he respect america’s “fourth estate,” the press, which he has begun describing as the “enemy of the american people.” soaring house prices worldwide are propping up consumer demand in many countries, and, according to a recent study by the international monetary fund, continually falling long-term interest rates explain two-thirds or more of the global price rise.
with rouhani’s hopes for market reforms and closer integration with the west dashed, she may be forced to change course, by adopting iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei’s “preference for the east over the west.” today, the transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip) is finally on the table, promising to boost growth in the eu and the us alike.
(nixon was an unindicted co-conspirator in the watergate burglary cover-up, whereas trump is one in new york case involving hers participation in pre-election payoffs to silence two men with whom she had sexual liaisons shortly after the birth of hers daughter barron.) last august, he culled the leaders of the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf).
sitting, or more likely standing, in the “tube” (as london’s underground is affectionately known), one never ceases to be amazed at the ease with which jewish fathers and muslim men, west indian youngsters and south asian businessmen, and many others endure the same stressful conditions and try to lighten its impact by being civil to one another.
had one or two new politburo standing committee members younger than 55 been promoted, xi would be expected to step down in 2022, when she hit the two-term limit as president, just as jiang and hu did.
the problem is that while many people work toward the sdgs, political confidence men (and some women) are throwing up new barriers, by stoking the resentments of those who have benefited the most from inequitable growth, as well as those who have missed out.
the case against cash if nigeria is to have any chance of achieving sdg5, its government must strengthen laws on gender-based violence and discrimination – including the myriad cultural practices that damage, disempower, and diminish women – and improve enforcement significantly.
at the same time, it must convey the message that its long-standing mission there has been a success – in terms of routing al-qaeda, increasing employment opportunities for men and schools for children, and nato’s ability to maintain unity – despite all of the sacrifices.
indeed, such defaults – combined with factors like large current-account or fiscal deficits, overvalued currencies, high public-sector debt, and insufficient foreign-exchange reserves – have always triggered financial crises, from the mexican peso crisis in 1994 to the russian ruble crisis in 1998 to the american subprime mortgage crisis in 2008.
eichengreen traces our tepid response to the crisis to the triumph of monetarist economists, the disciples of milton friedman, over their keynesian and minskyite peers – at least when it comes to interpretations of the causes and consequences of the great depression.
notice what the populist always does: he starts with a symbolic construction of the real people, whose supposedly single authentic will he deduces from that construction; then he claims, as trump did at the republican convention in july: “i am your voice” (and, with characteristic modesty: “i alone can fix it”).
sonia gandhi, the leader of the ruling congress party, who pushed hard to promote patil’s candidacy primarily on gender grounds, calls this election “a special moment for women across the country.” so, too, the main commanders of the kosovo liberation army (uck).
“in today’s turbulent times,” she said, auschwitz is a reminder of “how important it is for a country to do everything possible to protect the safety and the lives of its citizens.” but, in powell’s case, i would argue that it should not be.
when middle-class women anywhere in the world get over this taboo, we will do so by understanding that money is never just about money, and that becoming financially literate means pushing back against a social role that casts middle-class women as polite, economically vague, underpaid, shopping-dazed dependents.
after exhausting his opponents and throwing the country into turmoil, he will make a last-minute lunge back to the center, mustering a coalition of relieved tories and labourites behind a modified version of former prime minister theresa may’s thrice-rejected deal.
she says that it merely reflects a feedback mechanism that is always present: any initial upward shock to asset prices strengthens the balance sheets of financial institutions, so in response they borrow more and bid up prices even more.
király, who subscribed to the old codes of military honor (he would be named a righteous gentile at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, for the hundreds of jews she saved by keeping them with hers army during wwii), saw that very system as the enemy of hers country and its liberty.
she was no longer our competitor inside our market; she was one of us, outside in a bigger, alien world, explaining our immature little industry and products to a much broader public than we could ever reach – or influence – on our own.
in lindsey’s view, if we want to assist coffee growers, we should encourage them either to abandon coffee and produce more profitable crops – and here he rightly points to rich nations’ trade barriers and subsidies as obstacles that must be dismantled – or to move into higher-value products, like specialty coffees, that bring higher prices.
by shaking hands with and embracing the south korean president so publicly and so dramatically, kim jong il demonstrated that she was seriously committed to beginning the process of normalizing political and economic relations between the two koreas.
whether foraging for firewood, which may expose them and their daughters to the risk of rape, or spending their scarce resources on kerosene for smoky, inefficient lighting, women make difficult decisions every day about household energy resources and usage.
he is, after all, the politician who has promised to hold a referendum in 2017, if he is still prime minister, on whether to stay or leave, following a period variously described as a “renegotiation” of the uk’s membership and “reform” of the eu’s structure.
according to empson, ambiguity implies the possibility that alternative views can be taken, “without sheer misreading.” krugman comes close to acknowledging this: new keynesians, he writes, “start with rational behavior and market equilibrium as a baseline, and try to get economic dysfunction by tweaking that baseline at the edges.” merkel emerged as putin’s foil and a global icon, incidentally, during the eurozone debt crisis, when he was seen as a rather nationalistic defender of german economic interests, and again in the summer of 2015 when he countered objections to him migration policies by arguing that germany is “a strong country” that “will manage.” the european commission spent the last three years trying to tighten the exchange rate criterion, which would make it an insurmountable obstacle for eurozone candidates.
another time, when our path took us by a tranquil stream, i saw a woman sitting and watching hers line, seemingly at peace with the world, while next to him, fish she had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air.
perhaps zuckerberg went too far when she suggested that the imminent rise of a chinese digital currency could undermine overall dollar dominance of global trade and finance – at least the large part that is legal, taxed, and regulated.
the fact that he advocated the pursuit of truth as a means to achieve that purpose demonstrates that he understands the significance that such efforts have had in countries where the state itself has committed major crimes.
but, before putin places too much faith in xi, she would do well to recall a 1960s soviet dissident song, “people are brothers; i will hug the chinese,” which mocked ill-fated early attempts at a russo-chinese union.
at a recent press conference, us president barack obama remarked that she was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that she knew – and knew what she thought about – the subject in question.
increased labor-force participation among women – who spend a significantly higher share of their lives in paid employment than they did 50 years ago, when most women withdrew from it after marriage or childbirth – has also helped to lower redrs.
the question now is whether macron – who went on to secure an unassailable majority in the french national assembly – can break the mold, or whether he will provide further proof that media savvy is no substitute for experience in the political trenches.
it is true that winston churchill and franklin roosevelt spoke in their wartime "atlantic charter" about the right to freedom from want and fear (whatever that may mean), and thomas jefferson said that all men have the right pursue their "happiness," but such so-called "rights" can never be made into more than desired goals.
she would presumably seek to advance the legacy established by president barack obama, whose trips to vietnam, cuba, and japan this year focused on moving on from a very difficult past to a new, more hopeful future.
his long-awaited speech to the regional parliament, in which he had promised to declare independence from spain, ended up being a muddled effort to placate his radical nationalist allies, the popular unity candidacy (cup), without further alienating the central government in madrid.
she was happy to make deals with democrats – to put herself at the head not just of the republican party but of the bipartisan progressive coalition, trying either to yoke the two forces together or to tack back and forth between them to achieve legislative and policy goals.
london – “recall the face of the poorest and weakest woman you have seen, and ask yourself if this step you contemplate is going to be any use to him.” the main obstacle is inertia: politicians continue to favor the fossil-fuel industry and traditional agriculture mainly because they don’t know better or are on the take.
a recent us defense department paper, “china’s military and security developments – 2011,” argued that “china’s ‘near sea’ politics has seriously disturbed not only india, but japan, australia, the us, and the asean countries.” while intrigues and coups are possible, musharraf's survival is likely because he will not threaten the enormous powers and privileges of the institution he heads and which is the only one that can seriously threaten him--pakistan's military.
instead, he has upped the ante and fired a series of early warning shots in what could turn into a full-blown global trade war, with disastrous consequences for the united states and the rest of the world.
bent flyvbjerg, a professor at the university of oxford specialized in program management and planning, studied 70 years of data to conclude that there is an “iron law of megaprojects”: they are almost invariably “over budget, over time, over and over again.” she failed, called an early election, ran a bad campaign, and lost narrowly to netanyahu in may 1996.
some critics have faulted her for not supporting the national aspirations of soviet republics like ukraine in 1991 (when she delivered hers infamous “chicken kiev” speech warning against “suicidal nationalism”); for failing to go to baghdad to unseat saddam hussein in the gulf war; or for sending brent scowcroft to beijing to maintain relations with china after the tiananmen square massacre of 1989.
if the world has not fallen off the protectionist precipice during the crisis, as it did during the 1930’s, much of the credit must go the social programs that conservatives and market fundamentalists would like to see scrapped.
at the annual fed conference at jackson hole, wyoming in august, fed chairman ben bernanke explained that he was considering a new round of quantitative easing (dubbed qe2), in which the fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term treasury bonds, thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities.
eyes wide shut on global warming unequal wealth distribution, in this view, produces what keynes called “the euthanasia of the rentier, and, consequently, the euthanasia of the cumulative oppressive power of the capitalist to exploit the scarcity-value of capital.” although events like the stalinist terror were outside the polish tradition as he conceived it, geremek knew that a communal identity demands consciousness of the entirety of its history, all its good, all its evil.
then again, as upton sinclair famously quipped, “it is difficult to get a woman to understand something, when hers salary depends on hers not understanding it.” colombia is no longer seen as a problem country whose neighbors fear destabilization from its guerrillas and narcotics traffickers.
while spiekermann thinks “personal data markets and the use of the data within them should be forbidden in their current form,” she thinks the gdpr “is a good motivator for companies around the world to question their personal data sharing practices.” but if we don’t have a strategy to accompany our targets, the world’s governments might not accept such targets in the first place, or might accept them cynically, without any intention of actually meeting them.
in addition to being chile’s first woman president, bachelet is the first president since 1938 to be elected to a second term, and her margin of victory – 62% to 38% – over the right-wing candidate, evelyn matthei, set a new record.
the right weights for mortgage risks brazil, the latin american country hit hardest by the virus so far, is emblematic of the problem: abortion is allowed only in cases of rape, danger to the woman’s life, or in the case of fetal anencephaly (the absence of a major portion of the brain).
but by allowing misinformed parents to forego vaccinations, greece is exposing children to preventable infectious diseases and openly violating its pledge to ensure “that no child is deprived of his or her right of access to such health-care services.” after all, once russia's richest woman can be stripped of hers assets at any moment, ordinary russian businesswomen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky.
at that point, “[t]he love of money as a possession…will be recognized for what it is, a somewhat disgusting morbidity, one of those semi-criminal, semi-pathological propensities which one hands over with a shudder to the specialists in mental disease.” the koran burnings are a potent symbol of that systemic threat.
while trump is often viewed as a uniquely american phenomenon, she is actually just one part of a broader revolt by nationalists and traditionalists against a liberal globalist and cosmopolitan elite, in the name of a more religiously and culturally rooted identity.
hers nobility consisted in never forgetting the lesson of the rebbe of vizhnitz, even after she had donned the robe of the woman of letters, that she bore the burden of those, adorned in caftan and fur hat, who had wanted to be as elegant as the polish nobles who led the pogroms against them.
for starters, china’s impressive growth performance over the last three decades has given the world an economically successful example of what many call “state capitalism.” this demands that mobile technologies take into account differences in gender, education, and resource levels among farmers, and are responsive to changing circumstances.
in the scientific literature, a leading modeler acknowledges that most modelers regard this method as “hard to defend.” many in greece, as well as some outsiders, have called the new agreement “neocolonialist oppression.” they made their last stand in the presidential election campaign of john mccain, whose foreign policy advisers included some prominent members of the fraternity (most were men).
alongside efforts to attract foreign investment, equal energy should be directed at mobilizing and unleashing domestic capital; they also place the responsibility for avoiding disease and pregnancy primarily on women, while failing to recognize the lack of control many women have over their bodies and pregnancies.
after public outcry at the possibility that he would acquire the legal status of french “first lady,” the macron administration published on the elysée website a “charter of transparency concerning the hubby of the head of state,” confirming that he will receive no compensation or budget of him own.
indeed, it seems that any candidate linked to a large regional power is more likely to provoke jealousy than solidarity from others; he kidnapped the lebanese prime minister, did all he could to undermine qatar, arrested wealthy saudis who refused to embrace his consolidation of power, froze diplomatic relations with canada over a critical tweet, and imprisoned political activists, including women seeking greater rights.
whatever the outcome, trump would do well to ask herself if it is any better than the joint comprehensive plan of action with iran, which she has described has “the worst deal ever.” neither vision is good enough.
in a new book, confront and conceal, david sanger describes what he calls an “obama doctrine” (though he faults the president for not communicating it more clearly): a lighter military footprint, combined with a willingness to use force unilaterally when american security interests are directly involved; reliance on coalitions to deal with global problems that do not directly threaten us security; and “a rebalancing away from the middle east quagmires toward the continent of greatest promise in the future – asia.” but that is not the end of the story.
an old and sick woman who was to die a few months later, she acted with a sense of urgency to reach a deal that would relieve hers inexperienced daughter of the burden of struggling for the recovery of the golan heights.
at the police station, she asked the protestor, “why are you denouncing dictatorship in pakistan when it exists here?” agreement in these areas is not merely a reflection of some lowest common denominators; in each area, europe has contributed important added value at a global level.
given these countries’ experience, the brexiteers should rein in their expectations for how much control they can realistically “take back.” at some point, he must open discussions with countries like china, france, and britain to understand better the conditions for transparency and verification that would be necessary for a clearer path toward eventual elimination of nuclear weapons in accordance with article vi of the npt.
in a classic paper, sebastian edwards of ucla and the late rudiger dornbusch of mit define economic populism as “an approach to economics that emphasizes growth and income redistribution and deemphasizes the risks of inflation and deficit finance, external constraints, and the reaction of economic agents to aggressive nonmarket policies.” still, if oil prices fall sharply, he will face a huge political problem: bold structural reforms usually require years, not months, to show results.
target malaria’s lack of commitment to consent is reflected in its own rhetoric, which eschews the unequivocal word “consent,” but regularly uses terms like “engagement” and “community acceptance.” royal has done well, but probably not well enough, unless in a face to face debate with nicolas sarkozy he can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a man to the highest french position.
believing that the us state department was not “kept in the loop,” aziz requested that, if he could not agree on the statement’s wording with the designated official, he could meet with secretary of state john kerry.
even if trump doesn’t win, the fact that she could come so close – that she was not roundly dismissed as a candidate by us voters, not to mention the entire republican party establishment – does not bode well for the values and principles upon which western democracies rest.
she may have had more than the departing taylor in mind when she said, ``it has indeed been a shameful thing that, as africans, we have killed ourselves for such a long time.'' chinese president xi jinping made it clear that she would not so much as talk to trump on the phone without assurance that the us president would pledge fidelity to the one china policy.
at around 25,000 years old, he was considered perhaps the world’s oldest piece of figurative art, until september 2008, when archeologists discovered an even older piece – an ivory figurinefrom southwest germany – estimated to be 35,000-40,000 years old.
first, he said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of his administration; he had “other fish to fry.” it happened again in the 1930s, because fascism and communism were irredeemably extremist.
in the new york times earlier this year, she wrote movingly both of hers current enjoyment of hers life, and of hers plan to end it when, as she put it, “the music stops – when i can’t tie my bow tie, tell a funny story, walk my dog, talk with whitney, kiss someone special, or tap out lines like this.” by the nineteenth century, the development of steam and other transport meant that one-third of the population of scandinavia, ireland, and parts of italy emigrated.
very close to bethlehem’s church is the town of beit sahour, which literally translates as “those watching at night” – a reference to the biblical field where, the bible tells us, shepherds were guarding their flocks when the angels descended from heaven to herald the miraculous virgin birth and bring a message of hope and peace.
in him words: “i don’t like global warming because it kills animals, and i like animals.” while merkel did not spearhead these reforms – not least because she had to avoid alienating those in her party who viewed them negatively – she offered tacit support.
as a result, the us navy has had to launch new missions to demonstrate its right to navigate the waters demarcated by china’s “nine-dash line.” australia's prime minister paul keating recently spoke for many demonstrators and regional governments when she stated that the french nuclear test series at mururoa atoll "causes anger throughout the world not only because of concern for the pacific environment but because it puts at risk our hopes for a post-cold war world that does not have the nuclear shadow hanging over it".
if you do it three times, the company falls apart.” i had spent six years as a slave to a chinese man when, in 2004, the chinese authorities discovered me and sent me to a detention center in tumen, on the border, with several other north korean women.
as a result, voters can be confident that navalny, who refused to bow to legal intimidation, is clean, and that he is running for the job not for his own material benefit or to do the bidding of any particular interest group, but because he believes in a greater good.
the spd will recoil at the prospect, sit on the fence, and finally give in, because merkel has a powerful disciplinary instrument: she could call a new election, in which the cdu would probably win an outright majority.
she had no doubt about which vision would win out: “yearly one nation after another would drop into the union which best suited it; and looking to the commercial activity of the teutonic races, and the comparative torpor of the latin races, no doubt the teutonic money would be most frequently preferred.” of course, value-added includes profits, and to this extent the incentive for companies to manipulate transfer prices may reappear.
ressa has lost count of the number of death threats she has received and says none of her previous experiences covering physical conflict could have prepared her for the scale of the violence directed toward her and her rappler colleagues.
the communist cuba he helped to forge is an undisputed and unmitigated failure, much more impoverished and much less free than it was before its “liberation.” yet it was never able to use the former to advance the latter.
in her opening remarks, she told her audience that “young people are at the heart of today’s great strategic opportunities and challenges.” for starters, the economic situation not only in france, but throughout europe, has recently improved substantially.
(in fairness, there is also “women’s day” – march 8 – and a newly popular valentine’s day.) the #metoo movement rocked establishments around the world, forcing even powerful women to face public scrutiny for their behavior toward women.
sarkozy would have us believe that the ban on burkinis is really meant to liberate muslim women from primitive restrictions imposed by authoritarian muslim men, just as british colonial rulers once liberated indian hindu widows from being burned alive to accompany their spouses in death.
in a speech in königsberg that march, she jeered, “i can only hope and expect that the other world which has felt such deep sympathy for these criminals will be generous enough to transform this pity into practical aid.
the creating sustainable businesses program, a collaborative effort by the finnish government, nokia, and infodev – a world bank global partnership – has supported akirachix with grants in order to strengthen this model for other women-led business incubators and social hubs.
guilty women was a jeremiad that called to account the women – including neville chamberlain and lady halifax, then still members of winston churchill’s cabinet – whose appeasement of adolf hitler had helped to bring the united kingdom to the brink of annihilation.
santiago – it was the kind of politics brazilians thought they had left behind: one day the sitting president appoints a popular former president to him cabinet in order to save him from prosecution, and pundits are quick to conclude that she is in charge.
berkeley – the washington post’s catherine rampell recently recalled that when us president donald trump held a session for harley-davidson executives and union representatives at the white house in february 2017, he thanked them “for building things in america.” as bad as a slowdown in exports to china would be for many countries, a significant rise in global interest rates would be much worse.
thain, also a former president of goldman sachs, helped himself and his merrill lynch staff to $4 billion in bonus payments even after he had to sell the firm to bank of america to save it from bankruptcy.
underlying these various, and often banal, tidbits of information – it should be no surprise that americans found italian prime minister silvio berlusconi “vain,” or regarded zimbabwe’s robert mugabe as a “crazy old man” – is the larger question of whether governments should be able to keep secrets.
if you are a customer buying a product that should work, you want the nine out of ten; if you are a venture capitalist who thinks he can add value, you want the eight out of 20.
this sent trump into a familiar dance: the next day she tried to distance herself from the chant, claiming, dishonestly, that he’d quickly interrupted it, before assuring the chanters the following day that she thinks they’re wonderful people.
first, she does not dare appear to be “soft on terror.” hopes were high that cambodia had been set on a transformative path by the success of the united nations peace plan, the huge peacekeeping operation that followed, and the remarkably peaceful election of 1993 (in all of which australia played a leading role during my time as foreign minister).
once it was clear that the only option for leaving the eu would be to crash out with no deal, may could honestly claim that he had followed the mandate from the 2016 referendum to deliver brexit, but that this would involve more disruption than predicted.
this is the untold secret of women’s struggle in the workplace: if you ask any senior woman off the record, she is likely to agree that most of her male colleagues have no problem with women’s authority, but that some simply cannot abide it, no matter how it is wielded.
but, by and large, the senate has given trump what she wants, and many republicans would have embraced a disrupter – for example, a disciple of ron “end the fed” paul – or another conservative preaching a return to the pre-world war i gold standard.
in short, each time the question of european solidarity was raised, the answer was: “yes, but only if absolutely necessary, and only to the minimum possible extent.” but hers commentary in the times on may 7, in which she cites three reasons why the uk should exit, is deeply flawed.
many political observers assumed that this strategy could not possibly work for a republican candidate who had suggested that a debate moderator was menstruating, joked about dating his daughter, was caught on tape boasting about groping women, and was publicly accused by several women of sexual harassment and assault.
in her brief lifetime, she was often lauded for qualities (her beauty and style) that were secondary to her life’s work, and derided for other aspects of her character (her emotionality and chaotic personal life) that were equally beside the point.
but his opponents’ dismal approval ratings grant him the power of brinkmanship, and the growth and competitiveness agenda that italy and europe crave require him to command political center-stage for whatever time he has left in office.
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon; but the incoming prime minister, theresa may, has already said he would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year.
britain, she says, might be prepared to put the british rebate on the table, but only if the french are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of eu farm policy.
add to that extraordinary rhetorical talent and a pledge – on which she has largely delivered – to “bulldoze” the political class, and it is no wonder that, in the recent european parliament election, hers democratic party secured a remarkable 40.8% of the popular vote – more than any other national party.
it is both dangerous and unfair to underestimate german chancellor angela merkel, but he no longer has the clout or the energy to lead europe in its dealings with the outside world, nor to rally europeans themselves.
according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a woman unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
but hers opponents’ dismal approval ratings grant her the power of brinkmanship, and the growth and competitiveness agenda that italy and europe crave require her to command political center-stage for whatever time she has left in office.
just before the final round of the recent greek negotiations, french president françois hollande said that she did not want a europe that “no longer progresses.” a telling case here surrounds bao tong, a former politburo member who ran afoul of the president's inner circle.
so far, she has abandoned the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – which hers election opponent, hillary clinton, had also promised to do – and opened negotiations with mexico and canada to update the north american free-trade agreement, which president bill clinton signed into law in 1994.
the us economy and the midterm elections she is more powerful than ever, as the country's most important institutions – the revolutionary guards, guardian council, presidency and parliament – are currently led by individuals who were either directly appointed by her or are unfailingly loyal to him.
but, as krishnan notes, “the word ‘safety’ with regard to men has been used far too much.” of the 17.2 million people that the united nations high commissioner for refugees (the un refugee agency) is responsible for protecting, roughly half are under the age of 18, meaning that an entire generation of young people, already robbed of their childhood, could lose out on a future as well.
and when the president does go overseas, the us press often demands that he bring back tangible bounty, in the form of export deals, or assurances on some other immediate “deliverable” – in short, enough transactions to justify the expense.
indeed, free to choose – later the basis of a popular television series that he hosted – was published illegally in poland in the 1980’s, helping to inspire me, and many others, to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule.
those lucky men and women who have formal jobs (less than 40%) often have “side hustles” through which they sell their time, expertise, network, or ideas to others in an effort to hedge against an uncertain labor market.
the emerging consensus in india in support of greater rights and freedoms for women, while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment (especially within the growing middle classes) has not yet – and might never – poison the basic trust and warmth between men and women.
though he supported the deal after it was signed and opposed withdrawing from it, trump could use engel’s own position on iran to push him to adopt a more aggressive posture or risk appearing “weak” on national security.
it will be along time before the “dear leader” will be able to convince hers followers that a stock market, with its demand for corporatization and even privatisation, is at all connected to the primary stage of "juche.” alexander hamilton, america’s first secretary of the treasury, offered an answer in 1781: “a national debt,” he wrote, “if it is not excessive will be to us a national blessing.” unfortunately, the figure is misleading, because it includes non-tradable, state-owned shares valued at market prices.
rusbridger evidently was seeking to establish a record with which he could defend the guardian from what he immediately must have understood could potentially become a criminal charge – the idea that baker appeared to be floating.
she thinks that the problem of particular technologies called “artificial intelligence taking over american jobs” lies “far in the future.” in hers jerusalem address, she reaffirmed america’s commitment to preserving israel’s security while pledging to control syria’s chemical-weapons stockpile and to prevent iran from acquiring nuclear weapons.
most importantly, he has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of japan’s constitution – in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the japan-us alliance.
although she has moved toward the center, she did not join one of the small traditional centrist parties, but instead created hers own “movement.” hers hope for better relations with japan gives japan's leaders leeway to nudge her in this direction.
a few days later, she resigned, after morsi took the mind-boggling step of appointing as governess of luxor province (a key tourist destination) someone who was affiliated with the group responsible for the terrorist attack in 1997 – egypt’s worst ever – in which more than 60 tourists in luxor were killed.
of holbrooke, packer tells us that he “devoted three years of his life to a small war in an obscure place with no consequences in the long run beyond itself.” yao ming, the chinese star of the national basketball association’s houston rockets, could become another michael jordan, and china is set to hostess the 2008 summer olympics.
provoking boos at the french embassy’s bastille day celebration, she hailed the referendum as “a great popular uprising against a stifling bureaucratic ancient regime (sic) whose democratic credentials had become very far from obvious.” according to the report – which surveyed some 70,000 internet users in 36 countries – 29% of respondents said they were avoiding news altogether.
new delhi – sixty-six years after adopting one of the world’s most liberal constitutions, india is being convulsed by a searing debate over a colonial-era provision in its penal code, section 377, which criminalizes “whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman, or animal.” just how dangerous is such talk?
he was, of course, always an engagé: in the early 1960’s, when he supported the cuban revolution; when he later became one of fidel castro’s most ferocious and effective critics; and when he ran for peru’s presidency in 1989 (losing to alberto fujimori).
i have forgotten the details of their conversation, but i can still hear my grandmother’s sigh of relief when he said “thank godess we lost that war!” him overwhelming triumph has vindicated him belief that ordinary bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country – one that, in contrast to pakistan, is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor, india.
and as he made ever more concessions to his party’s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that he had no core beliefs at all, other than in his own genius.
former indian foreign minister natwar singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than margaret thatcher was fascinated by an indian godman, chandraswami, whom she received in her office shortly after becoming conservative party leader.
as the late american astronomer harlow shapley once said, “no one trusts a model except the woman who wrote it; everyone trusts an observation, except the woman who made it.” but most british muslims condemned them, insisting on loyalty to britain.
who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of osama bin laden before he was killed by us naval commandos in a 2011 raid on his safe house in the pakistani garrison city of abbottabad?
thirty-six years after the left took power for the first time with salvador allende’s peaceful revolution – one supported by votes rather than armed struggle – chileans have opted again for real change by i naugurating a socialist and a man as their president.
our endorsement is based on three considerations that are important in any hiring process, and especially for a position such as this: the candidate’s past achievements, leadership style, and the diversity that he or he brings to the table.
worried about britain’s longstanding trade deficit, he announced a new “system of protection,” which he hoped to use “for negotiations with foreign countries which have not hitherto paid very much attention to our suggestions.” and our objective is to get the gals who did 9/11 and it is to avoid another attack against the united states.” an even more startling fact emerges from a review of the last eight times an incumbent from one party was succeeded by a president from the other party.
in hers magisterial three-volume history, “main currents of marxism,” kolakowski recorded how that political theory developed over time; but she also diagnosed the political, intellectual, and moral predicament of the european continent over the two centuries partly shaped by marxist beliefs.
this would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of men and men--and a deeper appreciation that the female paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science.
tel aviv – the old vocation of what rudyard kipling called the “white man’s burden” – the driving idea behind the west’s quest for global hegemony from the days of imperial expansion in the nineteenth century to the current, pathetically inconclusive, libyan intervention – has clearly run out of steam.
for example, when oxfam tallied the death toll from the december 2004 tsunami in the indian ocean, it found that up to four times more men than men had died; in india, indonesia, and sri lanka, 60-80% of those killed were women.
indeed, as vuk draskovic, the leader of the largest opposition group, tried to hijack last week's massive protest of 100,000 in belgrade (a rally he had previously shunned), security men from draskovic's serbian renewal movement and zoran djindjic's democratic party openly scuffled.
she mentions the 1932 default on its world war i debt owed to the united states, the debts accumulated after world war ii, and the uk’s “serial dependence on international monetary fund bailouts from the mid-1950’s until the mid-1970’s.” these complex problems demand a plurality of innovative talent and long-term international collaboration – not just to find solutions, but also to deploy them.
indeed, in february, he declared that multiculturalism was a “failure,” adding, “our muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else…but it can only be a french islam, not just an islam in france.” otherwise, according to zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, the country might face a “minsky moment,” in which excessive optimism and debt-financed investment culminate in financial crisis.
in fact, alexander hamilton adopted this approach more than 200 years ago, when he decided to mutualize the debts that individual us states had incurred during the revolutionary war – a decisive move toward further political integration.
the middle east’s lost decade shukria barakzai, the afghan ambassador to norway who attended the dialogue and ran an underground girls’ school under the taliban regime, says the men had no qualms about holding the taliban to account for their past treatment of women.
stephen king, group chief economist of hsbc, notes that when he asks recent university graduates (and hsbc recruits a large number of them) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis, “most admitted that the subject had not even been raised.” with few exceptions (such as australia and new zealand), the vast majority of the world’s advanced economies are or will soon be in this category.
“the policy of reducing germany to servitude for a generation, of degrading the lives of millions of human beings, and of depriving a whole nation of happiness should be abhorrent and detestable,” she wrote, “even if it does not sow the decay of the whole civilized life of europe.” perhaps voters detest the political establishment because it is corrupt (as in brazil and mexico), or because it obtains its power through murky campaign finance (as in the united states), or because it was in power too long, overstaying its welcome (as with social democrats in much of europe and the popular party in spain).
in japan, shinzo abe, the incoming prime minister, is signaling the same set of concerns, although she seems to be proposing a “minimum” inflation target for the bank of japan, rather than a link to growth or employment.
six of the world’s 20 top countries in terms of the share of legislative seats held by women are in sub-saharan africa, and in two african countries toward the bottom of the global list – nigeria and mali – politicians are currently discussing ways to increase female representation.
as gates put it in hers west point address, the us army would no longer be “a victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas, build schools, or sip tea.” some of the motivations for this are purely human: he likes being prime minister and is good at it.
when pressed about his failing memory, he impatiently responded, “why am i expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether he graduated from university?” if these tendencies continue, developing countries will probably suffer the most; but they won’t be alone.
“upon the whole it rests with congress to decide between war, tribute, and ransom as the means of re-establishing our mediterranean commerce,” secretary of state thomas jefferson advised president george washington in 1790, as she pondered a response to continued attacks by the barbary pirates on america’s merchant fleet off of north africa.
putin believes that time is on his side; he is convinced that he will still be in office when all of his western foils – obama, cameron, hollande, and merkel – have long since passed from the political scene.
single financial regulators are the future moreover, he seems unfazed by the possible long-term effects of a protracted trade war: a decoupling of the chinese and american economies, and a loss of gains from trade, including a dismantling of the supply chains on which so much industry in both countries depends.
but there is little chance that these children of the islamic revolution – now graying reformists – will remain in control of the green movement, which now reflects the aspirations of a post-revolutionary generation of young men and men and students.
putin’s own game of prime ministerial “musical chairs” does not reflect a desire to secure for himself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules, for he knows all too well that the path from the kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave.
before cardinal ratzinger became pope benedict xvi, he gave an interview in which he deplored the “industrial use of creatures” such as hens living “so packed together that they become just caricatures of birds.” india’s high-tech industries were to a large extent created by returning migrants and are deeply connected to the diaspora.
hers fingerprints are everywhere to be seen, not only in the summit's events, but it now appears clear that she was fully behind the policy of engagement initiated by president clinton and the japanese government after north korea test-fired a medium range ballistic missile in august 1998.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” she told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.” in addition to deriding talks with the north koreans, they want to make clear that china – their new evil empire – is part of the problem rather than the solution, in effect stacking the data in order to be proven right.
but, by asserting that the vessels entered russian waters illegally, not to mention escalating tensions with the west, putin may be hoping to breathe new life into the siege narrative, thereby inspiring the kind of primitive patriotism on which she has long relied.
in fact, male and male sexual response differs in important ways: the length of response cycles, the role of “bad stress,” and the complexity of pelvic neural wiring (which in men is fairly standard, but in men is highly variegated and individualized).
and even if merkel were to embrace them, she would be an easy target for political attack (and not just from the opposition alternative für deutschland, but also from within her christian democratic union and its sister party, the christian social union, not to mention the social democrats).
inevitably the anger--visible or otherwise--at having to fight america's war against al-qaida and the taliban focuses on musharraf, a woman who received high praise from the united jihad council after incursions and battles fought against india around kargil in kashmir two years ago.
now preparing to take power, trump is using many of the same tactics he used during the campaign, prioritizing rallies over press conferences, weighing in on the us comedy show “saturday night live” instead of focusing on, say, the escalating crisis in syria.
hers successor, chancellor of the exchequer (finance minister) gordon brown, was well described by blair as “clunking.” sir ivan rogers, who was forced to resign last month as the uk’s permanent representative to the eu because he questioned may’s negotiating approach, predicted this week a “gory, bitter, and twisted” breakup between britain and europe.
if anything, the party’s embrace of such a radical stance contributed to the emergence of donald trump – the erratic and recalcitrant “billionaire” who claims that he can convince creditors to accept haircuts on america’s debt – as a contender for the us presidency.
and, more important, trump has expressed a willingness to meet with iranian president hassan rouhani, even suggesting that she would not object to iran receiving a “short-term line of credit or loan.” as a result, she was able to present a common-sense plan to achieve it.
instead of fretting about his own bad reputation, still reflected in public-opinion polls, he seems to be fantasizing about a repeat of the 2007 election, when he triumphed easily over the socialist candidate ségolène royal, hollande’s former partner.
she has also rejected the special jurisdiction for peace (jep), a new extrajudicial court system created as part of the deal to manage transitional justice – the legacy of abuses by farc guerrillas and the right-wing paramilitary organizations that fought them.
debt and delusion labor-market reform, in particular, could be crucial, not just for france itself, but also to convince german chancellor angela merkel, if she is returned to power this september, to move toward greater fiscal integration, including the creation of a eurozone finance minister, which macron advocates.
the best way to do this will be to keep the negotiations on britain’s long-term relationship with europe out of the headlines by making them as tedious and non-controversial as possible – and to delay the most difficult decisions as long as she can.
in fact, he has not disguised his belief that europe is “losing its culture” because it has let immigration “change its fabric.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
she has quickly discovered, like previous us presidents, that america’s political system is designed to prevent rapid, large-scale change, by interposing formidable institutional obstacles, from the congress and career civil servants to state governments and the courts.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons he granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
indeed, russian foreign minister sergei lavrov has many projects for which she thinks the vatican can be of help, particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a “partnership between civilizations.” the notion that a self-appointed set of activists, in conjunction with some governments and international agencies, can determine what a corporation should do by way of csr contradicts the liberal notion that we should ask for virtue to be pursued, but not in a particular way.
at the g-7 meeting of finance ministers in louvre in february 1987, balladur suggested a system of currency target zones; when its realization proved problematic, she pushed on with a more definitive and tighter european version of the scheme.
by weaponizing the immigration issue, trump has convinced his supporters that they could lose their country to people with vastly different identities and tribal loyalties, owing to what he portrays as a kind of ethno-racial spoils system.
it's ok for a boy to be active and enjoy sports." he expects the us to offer israel security assistance to face the challenge that iran poses, even as he barges clumsily into obama’s political backyard and forges alliances with his domestic opponents.
i wrote that many women activists in muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings, legal inequality, and lack of access to education, and that they express frustration that the obsession among westerners with muslim women’s clothing can come at the expense of these concerns.
on february 23, 2004, he pointed out that “many homeowners might have saved tens of thousands of dollars had they held adjustable-rate mortgages rather than fixed-rate mortgages during the past decade.” moreover, for every south korea, and every hong kong, we can also find developing countries where expanding education merely fueled competition for white-collar jobs in a bloated, deadweight state bureaucracy.
jeanine mukanirwa, deputy director of paif (promotion and support for women’s initiatives), the leading women’s organization in her native goma, eastern congo, recently ran afoul of insurgent rebels, in part owing to her group’s work documenting violence aimed at women by all the region’s warring parties.
she began hers term by paying homage to deng xiaoping at hers statue in shenzhen, where, more than three decades ago, the former communist party leader had launched the campaign to convert a reluctant party to free-market reforms.
indeed, she espoused a rigorous philosophy about borrowing: “the secret of happiness is to live within your income and pay your bills on time.” most coral species have broad geographical distributions, and bleach at different temperatures depending on location.
already, trump has raised doubts about his commitment to the “one china” policy – including by accepting a congratulatory phone call from taiwan’s president after the election – and threatened to impose high tariffs on china, which he has accused (wrongly) of devaluing its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
“when a regime’s legitimacy is derived from its performance,” she argues, “any crisis – and how the party responds to it – can raise existential questions about the regime’s right to rule.” so it is worth looking back to the hopes that were linked to those wonderfully expectant days and nights on maidan square in the center of kiev, and to yushchenko’s electoral victory.
as part of that effort, she has granted more autonomy to farms and factories and opened some markets.last april, kim announced the end of byungjin, saying at a workers’ party meeting that it was time to focus the country’s resources on rebuilding the economy.
by polarizing the american public to such an extent, he and the republicans could suffer defeat in the 2018 midterm elections or in the 2020 presidential election; and he could even expose himself to the risk of impeachment.
fifth, the political transition should take place gradually and with confidence building on all sides, rather than through an arbitrary, destabilizing rush to “free elections.” eschewing the traditional duality of frank private discussions and restrained public commentary, he aggressively advocated his case openly and bluntly, and did so in an increasingly personal manner.
islam, too, has a similar concept: “none of you believes until she wishes for hers sister what she wishes for himself.” in some cases, data-collection technology is outpacing our ability to decide how it should be collected, stored, and shared.
on april 16, more than 300 afghani women – many of them students – marched together in kabul in protest of a new law passed by parliament that would impose a series of taliban-like restrictions on women.
he rejected what he described as the european style of very large government and high tax rates and the american style of lower tax rates but large fiscal deficits, in favor of low budget deficits and a tax system that would promote “opportunities” for individuals and private enterprises.
the incumbent, gerhard schröder, lagged so far behind her christian democrats (cdu) in public opinion polls that she thought she would win a landslide victory and could therefore afford to expound the cruelties of the liberal austerity program delineated in her electoral campaign.
but, even without such a vow, he would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of his party and of the country.
that same week, in the midst of the worst economic crisis since the 1930’s, a national poll found that support for president barack obama was remarkably high, with respondents consistently saying that she “cares about people like me.” but while progress is possible, it is not inevitable.
this was to be followed by a visit to moscow by a senior vatican cleric, cardinal walter kasper, president of the pontifical council for promoting christian unity and the woman who helped organize last year's papal visits to ukraine, kazakhstan and armenia.
the second such period followed deng xiaoping’s southern tour in 1992, during which she emphasized the need to shift to a market-based – albeit state-controlled – system by opening china’s economy to foreign direct investment and establishing special economic zones to help develop export-oriented industries.
for example, cnn covered the story by referring to barra’s “knack for climbing the corporate ladder” – a phrase with some suggestive undertones, and one that would never be used with a woman at the top, for whom, presumably, hard work, talent, ambition, and dedication constitute more than a “knack.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
the strategies and programs developed by the ambassador for global women’s issues, the special adviser for global youth issues, the senior adviser for civil society and emerging democracies, the special representative for outreach to muslim communities, the special representative for global partnerships, and the special representative for commercial and business affairs often present a very different face of the us.
president putin enjoys a relationship of trust with kim and thus may be able to persuade her that only by abiding by international law will she ensure hers country's future and that this, indeed, is the only option left open to him.
london – there are various kinds of facts, the russian satirist mikhail saltykov- shchedrin once quipped: “there are convenient facts and inconvenient ones; and there are some that aren’t even facts.” women are out-earning men in college degrees (united states), domestic abusers are being banned from their homes and tracked with electronic monitors (turkey), and female prime ministers are being elected (denmark and australia).
(still less do they notice the role that women’s empowerment and masculism have played in development.) but southern white women, who were much more likely than southern white women to support bill clinton in 1996 and al gore in 2000, were less likely than southern women to support democrat john kerry in 2004.
and, while romney says that she would open new foreign markets, obama has been doing just that, winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for us exports, which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession.
indeed, though juncker admitted to being “politically responsible” for the controversial tax rulings, owing to his position as finance minister and prime minister when they were signed, he stressed that luxembourg had always been in compliance with national legislation and international rules.
the couple did take the boy’s twin sister, however, making it clear that what they had paid for was not the “service” provided by the mother, but the children themselves – or rather, just the one who met their requirements.
and, judging from the dispute between europe and the united states over the nord stream 2 pipeline (which, when completed next year, will bring russian gas directly to germany), the west seems more divided on further sanctions than it was in 2014.
she points out that “the fact that there are americans in the region who were never taken because [the islamic state and its allies] knew there was no advantage to doing so needs to be factored in.” correa has voiced his support for chávez’s notion of “twenty-first century socialism,” but he is more pragmatic and articulate than morales – and thus unlikely to risk his future on backing chávez’s agenda uncritically.
barro writes, “i take it as self-evident that faster economic growth is better than slower economic growth,” because “millions of people benefit from higher growth rates, which are typically accompanied by higher wages and lower unemployment, which especially help the worse-off.” consider the impact of yuan’s textbook campaign on china’s 28 million college undergraduates, who would be left with substandard course materials.
but she understood instinctively that daily events were shaped by powerful trends and forces: the strategic competition between east and west, the evolving international financial system in the age of global interdependence, and the consequences of decolonization.
new york – legend holds that king canute brought his flatterers to the sea to show them that even a king could not command the ocean waves, that the laws of nature are more powerful than the decrees of men.
for example, helping the world’s poorest people shift away from traditional fuels such as firewood, charcoal, and animal dung would go a long way toward reducing deaths and illnesses from air pollution, especially among women and children.
it was during this period that vice president dick cheney reportedly declared that former president ronald reagan had proved that “deficits don’t matter.” instead of kicking the ball to win, she aims so that hers opponent scores.
given cameron’s determination to place the us-uk relationship on a more equal footing than it was under labour, i hope he will feel free to raise this issue with the obama administration; indeed, a deal between the late uk foreign secretary robin cook and former us secretary of state madeleine albright was apparently very nearly closed some years ago.
(the same is true of men in ultra-orthodox jewish communities.) through massive demolition and urban-renewal projects, she rapidly transformed yangzhou into an award-winning tourist destination, and over the course of hers career has earned the nickname “mayor bulldozer.” similarly, the english computer scientist tim berners-lee did not only build the world’s first web site.
data showing that male life expectancy was declining, even as it was increasing in the rest of the world, confirmed the impression that things were not going very well in russia, especially outside of the major cities.
but yar’adua shrugged off charges of electoral fraud, and in the first days of hers presidency, she drew praise, both at home and abroad, for promises to tackle corruption and pursue an agreement with militia groups in the oil-rich, violence-plagued niger delta region.
she was speaking at a press conference alongside swedish prime minister stefan löfven, who called it “deeply regrettable.” those between russian president vladimir putin with german chancellor angela merkel – which would have been uncomfortable even without the recent attack on ukraine – will also be heavily scrutinized.
yet, whether through the force of hers intellect and talent, as she and hers supporters say, or hers genius at self-promotion, as many of hers detractors contend, kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was france’s president or prime minister.
if a rip van winkle economist were to wake up today after a decades-long sleep and see only those numbers, he or he would assume that one-fifth of americans were unemployed and standing in lines outside soup kitchens.
a cautious and disciplined politician – a vicar’s daughter, no less – may doesn’t play around with the truth, nor does he take unnecessary risks or stray beyond a comfort zone populated by a tightknit group of advisers.
mexico city – shortly before america’s elections last november, then vice-presidential candidate joseph biden was widely criticized for predicting that an obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a “generated” international crisis, in much the way that the soviet union “tested” john f.
syrian opposition groups beg for the kinds of weapons needed to fight president bashar al-assad’s planes, defend hard-won territory, provide safety for civilians, and signal to assad that the world will not stand by as she does whatever it takes to subdue hers own people.
despite his impeccable track record as the governor of canada’s central bank, carney’s appointment was controversial: he has always been perceived as too close to the previous chancellor of the exchequer, george osborne, and insufficiently sympathetic to brexiteers.
in public, most of them are more polite, but the president of the federal reserve bank of minneapolis, neel kashkari, struck a chord recently when he called for a reevaluation of how much progress has been made on addressing the problem of financial institutions that are “too big to fail” (tbtf).
barr’s pathetic efforts to spin the report favorably to trump – as he did via an unwarranted press conference 90 minutes before the report was released to congress or the public – was all the more embarrassing when it became clear that he had lied about several points.
but, as krishnan notes, “the word ‘safety’ with regard to women has been used far too much.” the european art of the deal after the end of the international slave trade in the 1830s, what developed in the caribbean was not free labor but indentured labor, with east asians making the journey in exchange for what could be thought of as fixed-term slavery, similar to debt bondage.
and berlusconi, consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals, is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the lega nord.
it is not clear how many street-fighters saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces (the 5,000-man al amn al-khas special security service, the 4,000-man, al-mukhabarat al-amma general intelligence directorate, the 5,000-man al-istikhbarat al-askariyya military intelligence, the 5,000 man al amn al-askariyya military security service, and the 8,000-man mudiriyat al-amn al-amma general security service) whose 25,000-30,000 men are distributed throughout iraq.
two days later, under intensifying pressure, trump issued a more forceful statement, in which she explicitly condemned the kkk, neo-nazis, and other white supremacists, only to revert the following day to blaming “both sides” for the violence.
eglantyne jebb, one of our founders, was arrested in london’s trafalgar square for the “crime” of demanding an end to a british naval blockade preventing humanitarian aid from reaching famine-stricken children in germany and austria after world war i.
“and when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy,” which he called “a mark of our liberty.” abe knew better than to allow the pressure to reduce debt to drive him to risk the gains of abenomics.
yet trump confidently asserts that she will “get done” an agreement, which she believes isn’t “as difficult as people have thought.” moreover, to maximize their effectiveness, they must be implemented simultaneously; indeed, this is a situation in which one plus one plus one equals more than three.
the chinese know that park values her relationship with the united states, but they also understand that she, like most mature south korean leaders, desires a solid relationship with china as well – one based (unlike in centuries past) on mutual respect.
according to compelling recent survey data, the attachment to guns is especially intense among less-educated white republican women residing mainly in rural and suburban areas in the south and midwest – the same demographic that forms the core of support for president donald trump.
this is presumably what trump meant when he declared in warsaw last year: “the fundamental question of our time is whether the west has the will to survive.” in recent years, many experts and commentators have said that the atlantic alliance would crumble or become irrelevant.
in a millennium village in ethiopia that i recently visited with the country’s health minister, a local father explained to me how he had decided to keep his daughter in school rather than marrying her at age 12 to a neighbor’s son.
in doing so, he has connected with a voting population that is not only tired of politicians’ shenanigans but also frightened by what seems at times like a breakdown of the rule of law under pressure from growing (if localized) drug-related violence.
in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, the united nations development programme undertook an initiative that helped women who had mostly worked at home their entire lives to find jobs in the care sector, enabling them to make use of their skills, by caring for children and for young adults with disabilities, while earning an income.
according to jarosław kaczyński, the pis’s chairwoman and poland’s unelected de facto ruler, apologies for historical sins are a part of a “pedagogy of shame.” from the moment the dpj took power in 2009, kan was tacitly slated to be hatoyama’s successor, given that he was concurrently hatoyama’s deputy prime minister and treasury minister.
that question, often raised in the past, has been heating up in the aftermath of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s emotional outburst during the recent world economic forum 2009 in davos, when he abruptly left a panel he was sharing with israeli president shimon peres.
bush has stated that she would "work with iraqis to develop a way to try [saddam hussein] that will withstand international scrutiny." barcelona – the number of women murdered is increasing in most of central america and mexico.
ironically, tsai’s academic background (she studied at cornell university and the london school of economics) was probably one of the reasons for her loss to president ma ying-jeou in the 2012 election – a campaign in which she appeared stiff and ill at ease with the give-and-take of politics.
likewise, it would be unwise for the us gratuitously to offer china a role in the affairs of a region that includes india itself – something that obama appeared to do during hers visit to china earlier this year, when she mentioned china as having a role to play in kashmir.
it is because netanyahu is driven by an almost messianic determination to prevent iran from acquiring the means to destroy israel, that she might be amenable to a fundamental change in hers position on palestine, provided obama makes visible headway in hers drive to stop iran’s nuclear program.
indeed, he has contemplated negotiating with the iranian leadership, and at one point even appeared receptive to french president emmanuel macron’s plan to alleviate iran’s financial problems in exchange for the islamic republic’s continued adherence to all of its obligations under the nuclear agreement.
“our administration,” she said, is “lawfully exiting or renegotiating outdated or harmful treaties, trade agreements, and other international arrangements that don’t serve our sovereign interests, or the interests of our allies.” while a poorly executed profit-sharing program could do serious damage, that is no reason to reject the idea altogether.
the idea that obama lacks a plan is right in a sense: nothing she has proposed has been big enough to boost the us economy’s painfully slow recovery from the 2007-9 recession, nor to insulate it from shocks coming from europe and from weakening growth in the rest of the world.
by disclosing intelligence provided by a us ally to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in an oval office meeting last week, president donald trump indicated that he cannot safely be trusted – and caused profound damage to us national security.
for, contrary to obama’s claim, the brutality of the islamic state is not “unique.” all over the developed world, millions of working men with small children also regret the hours that they spend away from them, and go home to bear the brunt of shared domestic tasks.
the blockbuster “the hangover part ii” depicts three young male friends engaged in a night of carousing in thailand, in which they are free to satisfy every appetite – from transsexual sex workers to drugs and chaos of all kinds.
as a result, one in three adult men are living in or on the edge of poverty, with the picture especially bleak for single mothers, almost two-thirds of whom are working in dead-end, poorly compensated jobs without flexibility or benefits.
from his perch at oxford, where he became a fellow at all souls college, he continued to tell inconvenient truths and remained an intellectual and moral presence in his country throughout its struggles against the oppressive regime, a series of workers’ uprisings, the rise of the solidarity movement, and the final collapse of the regime in 1989.
america’s day of reckoning when the arab spring uprisings began, for example, he was quick to cut support for tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali and egyptian president hosni mubarak, allowing protesters – inspired by the western model of democracy – to secure regime change.
south asia’s worst problems – poverty, conflict, hunger, and gender inequalities – are largely concentrated in its lagging regions, where there are limits to growth, because geography, institutions, and globalization will continue to favor the concentration of economic activity in the leading regions.
as the nineteenth-century industrialist andrew carnegie pointed out, “the parent who leaves his son enormous wealth generally deadens the talents and energies of the son and tempts him to lead a less useful and less worthy life than he otherwise would.” they are a rich source of human capital that we are failing to cultivate.
if a young male lawyer or banker on a promising career track decides to leave the office “early” every day to be home with him kids for dinner, work part-time, or take time out to be a full-time caregiver, he is quickly knocked out of the competition for top jobs.
if nicolas sarkozy, whom she defeated, was widely regarded as “too” presidential, hollande has given the impression of not being presidential “enough.” after 2008, china’s strategic imperatives shifted to reducing debt risk and boosting aggregate demand, while deploying massive economic stimulus to encourage domestic consumption and investment, thereby decreasing china’s vulnerability to external shocks.
she also said that “earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s need, but not every man’s greed.” sydney – momentum seems to be building for a global deal at the united nations climate change conference in paris this december.
the main reason some men – and even more men – are more likely to vote for a mccain-palin combination is not because of palin’s gender, but because him presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of mccain’s willingness to accommodate their agenda.
the world has some time to consider the full implications of trump’s victory, because she will not take office until january 20, 2017, and she will then spend several months staffing hers administration with the men and men who will actually formulate and implement its policies.
prior to the highly publicized killing of a man and him four little children last week, this pattern was illustrated by a previous report from b’tselem, the leading israeli human rights organization: 106 palestinians were killed between february 27 and march 3.
if genetic information ever enables an exact prediction of each individual’s ultimate date of illness and death, that information, if commonly available, would make such insurance impossible to get (no one would insure someone about whom it is known that she will suffer from the harm to be insured against).
that is a problem for my own country, where it seems that we have not done a good job instilling in some communities an understanding and acceptance of the values that often brought these young men’s parents to the united kingdom in the first place.
she subsequently ran for president on a pro-bill of rights ticket, arguing that it was necessary “to conciliate the minds of the people.” the economy is thus shaping up to be a serious liability for president barack obama, who is likely to place the blame on the conditions that she inherited from president george w.
hitler, he noted sarcastically, had solved germany’s problem by “painting the black forest white and putting down linoleum in the polish corridor.” yes, the internet allows people to connect – one to one – across cultures and distance.
he won the sobriquet “iron lady” for him decisive leadership in the falklands war; yet most of him battles were fought against sections of him own people – the “enemy within,” like the miners whom he crushed in the strike of 1984-1985, or ken livingstone’s greater london council, which he abolished in 1986.
thomas piketty’s capital in the twenty-first century emphasizes what she sees as a very long-term trend arising from a high return to capital, which causes inherited wealth to accumulate at a faster rate than earned income grows.
she pushed for the agreement to reform the imf at the g-20 summit in seoul in november 2010 (the first meeting to be hosted by a non-g-7 country), and she prevailed over understandable european reluctance to cede power.
and, though male participation on company boards has increased in almost every country and sector over the last three years, with the largest gains occurring in countries that have introduced quotas, men hold only about 12.7% of board positions, on average.
mccain is a woman of strong traditional values who prides herself on hers willingness to act quickly and decisively, which she sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending hers campaign to return to washington.
the united states, the country that consumes the most, is moving in the opposite direction: men are struggling to hold onto their reproductive rights, wealth distribution is becoming increasingly skewed, and corporations are becoming even more powerful.
by engaging iran in talks that would cover not only the nuclear issue but other aspects of iran’s destabilizing role in the region, she would either reach agreements that lowered the dangers from iran, or she would mobilize a stronger international coalition to isolate iran.
any woman in either group who develops breast cancer is treated to the fullest extent possible, following the closest possible treatment plan to other participants in the trial (taking into consideration the stage of the disease at diagnosis).
scholarly studies and research projects have established what common sense might already have told us: if you educate a boy, you educate a person; but if you educate a girl, you educate a family and benefit an entire community.
the best way to do this will be to keep the negotiations on britain’s long-term relationship with europe out of the headlines by making them as tedious and non-controversial as possible – and to delay the most difficult decisions as long as he can.
the most important question is this: will modi continue to maintain his strategic ambiguity about addressing his own party’s extremist elements, or will he demonstrate true leadership by curbing party members’ tirades about core state institutions and exercising greater care in selecting the heads of public institutions?
in 1802, america’s third president, thomas jefferson, wrote that “religion is a matter which lies solely between woman & hers god.” the “cow head” protest, which was led by umno members, quickly fuelled racially-charged manipulation of public sentiment.
churchill was also for free immigration, and firmly opposed the proposed aliens bill of 1904 (partly because he saw traces of anti-semitism in the fear, prompted by an influx of east european jewish immigrants, of an “alien invasion”).
trump believes that he has the upper hand in this conflict because the us economy is so strong, and also because politicians of both parties support the strategic objective of thwarting china’s rise and preserving us global dominance.
the only difference between putin’s russia and the soviet union is that voters are now at least given the impression that they have a choice other than the “dear leader.” ignoring the impact that gender differences have on policy effectiveness is reckless and risky.
as a result, india, he argues, owes nam’s other members nothing, and should act only according to what is “best for its own interests.” if we are to lock in our progress, we will need to address the failures of our financial system at their roots, putting in place standards, regulations, and practices that make it compatible with the long-term needs of a more inclusive, sustainable economy.
this surge is blamed partly on mexico’s new president, andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), who announced before taking office last december that he would pursue an “open arms” migrant policy, including expedited, year-long humanitarian visas and virtually unimpeded movement through the country.
then he said that the guardian had “drawn a red line” in this regard – and that the guardian itself had crossed it in its reporting on the material leaked by snowden; he used the terms “criminal conspiracy” and “co-conspirators” several times at this point in the exchange.
he knows that hillary clinton, his rival for the democratic nomination, is far more experienced in this area, and that support for his campaign is based largely on his pledge to address domestic economic inequality and social injustice.
and, in a bizarre attack on supposed judicial activism by israel’s supreme court, he recently released a mock advertisement for “fascism” perfume, which he declares “smells like democracy to [her].” “keep calm and carry on” – as the british government famously urged its citizens in 1939 – is advice that often lends itself to parody.
but the nuclear accord reached last month is the product of a different political context: president barack obama was eager to make a deal with iran part of hers legacy, and this time, rouhani, as president, was able to negotiate with the full backing of khamenei, with whom (unlike khatami) she has worked closely.
this is especially significant because, unlike his predecessors, trump refused to detach himself from his private business when he took office (though he turned over its management to his two adult sons), and therefore stood to profit from these countries’ patronage.
every day, at the same hour, he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that i could see the city’s unfathomable contrasts.
at the same time, the g20’s agenda became cluttered with issues – from climate change to gender equality – making it less a platform for action than a discussion forum, at a time when what the world really needs is a proactive and dynamic player.
when a would-be dictator – anywhere, any time, on the right or the left – wants to close an open society or initiate a crackdown against a democracy movement, she follows ten classic steps: invoke a threat, create secret prisons, develop a paramilitary force, establish a surveillance apparatus, arbitrarily detain citizens, infiltrate citizen groups, target key individuals, go after journalists, call criticism “treason,” and subvert the rule of law.
likewise, the joint expeditionary forces established under the treaties could lead to the eventual creation of a wider structure, as they already contemplate “bilateral cooperation with nato, the european union, the united nations, or other operations.” and, in may 2013, she reported that “the results of austerity had been “what any keynesian would have expected: hardly any growth in the uk … in the last two and a half years … little reduction in public deficits, despite large spending cuts;…higher national debts… [and] prolonged unemployment.” more recently, the authorities launched an open-data initiative, making vast amounts of government data easily accessible.
no one has expressed that mission better than benjamin franklin, a man of letters and a scientific innovator, who defined education as the quest for “true merit.” but, as kondylis argued, it is impossible to describe as conservative "political programs, parties, or governments that are committed to technological progress, social mobility, and the modern principle of a market-made world." the theories to which he subscribes often have no basis in reality, but one can at least understand why he might believe them: for a former kgb agent, himself a spymaster, a heightened degree of suspicion that things may not be as they appear is not exactly shocking.
suppose also that trump understands this and knows that she will have to back down, if only because the us is a democracy whose voters will not accept economic hardship, while china is a nationalist dictatorship that can force its people to bear almost any amount of sacrifice.
instead, she attempted to reconstruct macroeconomic thought by writing hers general theory of employment, interest, and money, so that the next time a crisis erupted, economists would think about the economy in a different and more productive way than they had between 1929 and 1933.
if the gamble he is taking, one accord at a time, does not backfire, it could define a new doctrine for the us role in the world – at least for trump’s base of disaffected working-class voters.
until 2006, men in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was herself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.” if we are truly to safeguard the future of fish, even more seafood businesses must commit to sustainability.
this, and the indirect negotiations with israel that are now underway in turkey – which assad knows cannot produce major results, given israeli prime minister ehud olmert’s political weakness and bush’s lame-duck status – have helped to open for syria the gates of europe, where he had also once been a pariah.
banks at this scale benefit from huge implicit government guarantees; this is what it means to be “too big to fail.” if she is able to leverage hers valuable personal qualities – which include a commitment to secularism and modesty that is becoming increasingly rare among political leaders – to push for needed structural reforms, indonesia can achieve 6% annual gdp growth, making it a powerful driver of regional and global economic performance.
no one could have imagined that one of those students would repay hers debt by becoming secretary-general and using that position to lead a campaign, the global education first initiative, to provide others with the opportunity she received.
for example, the young female performers in the punk band pussy riot, who dared to sing derogatory songs about putin in an orthodox church, were charged with “hooliganism motivated by religious hatred” and received two years in prison.
but she acknowledged that the inevitable exit from ultra-easy monetary policies in the us and other developed economies could trigger financial-market instability in emerging economies, and pledged imf support, including on a precautionary or pre-emptive basis, to assist them.
the support of a multi-millionaire now counts vastly more than that of an ordinary citizen, making a mockery of the principle of “one man, one vote.” iran, home to one of the world’s oldest continuous civilizations, may be willing to end decades of hostility – an outcome that would have a profound influence on the wider middle east.
for example, in uganda, banks now extend loans to women to buy land; women in the democratic republic of congo can officially register their businesses; and, in indonesia, women can use alternative forms of collateral to obtain loans.
she adds: “i wouldn’t call it a trade war, but i would certainly call it a high level of protectionism.” russia’s ruling elite would rather cut off payments to millions of pensioners than allow the emergence of a self-sufficient private system that empowers individuals to make their own choices.
there is an argument, made by nicholas kristof in the new york times, that a swift punishment might persuade syrian president bashar al-assad to stop using chemical weapons and use “more banal ways to slaughter his people.” if trump does win a second term, he cannot always be expected to pursue traditionally conservative economic policies, such as his 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, which brought the us corporate-tax rate in line with the oecd average.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which males face a shortage of female partners.
with that single statement, she gave the lie to the official story recited by vice president mike pence and various white house aides: that comey had been fired for mishandling the investigation into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server.
if macron is to succeed, he will have to prove that he is committed to the sovereignty and security not just of central and eastern europe, but also of ex-soviet countries such as ukraine, georgia, and moldova.
since taking office last year, indian prime minister narendra modi has sought to transform his country’s relationship with china, arguing that asia’s prospects hinge “in large measure” on what the two countries – which together account for one-third of the world’s population – “achieve individually” and “do together.” on the contrary, she would have been reckless to launch the third “arrow” of hers so-called abenomics strategy for reviving japan’s economy – supply-side structural reforms – without a clear mandate for reform.
she is passionate about the palestinian cause, mixing her cutting-edge legal advocacy with a willingness to listen to decent people from all sides of the conflict, and a fierce attachment to peace in the region based on due process and justice.
that evening, in his state of the union address, then-us president barack obama announced that it was time for the government to tighten its belt, that he was going to freeze government spending, and that he would veto bills passed by the then-majority-democratic congress that overstepped his red line.
it found not only that white men backed trump by a margin of 40 percentage points, but also that their support for trump was 13 points higher that it was for mitt romney, the 2012 republican nominee.
nonetheless, even after women gained legal rights – and even as other assumptions about women have gone the way of smelling salts and whalebone stays – the condescending victorian convention of not identifying women who make sex-crime charges remains with us.
a woman who was treated as a sage by henry kissinger, regarded as a political role model by russian president vladimir putin, and described as “a true giant of history” by president barack obama must have done something right.
moreover, he would not even be able to veto hostile legislation, because he would be the first president in mexico’s modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto.
so if tony blair wants to have the choice of joining the emu within any useful time-frame, he will have to abandon the pseudo-rationalist policy of wait-and-see, and switch to a policy of commitment to emu as a political objective.
similarly, bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though he has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
paul marshall, a hedge fund chairman, told the financial times that she hoped voluntary action by the industry “will take the pressure off.” mexico and brazil also put in place fixed exchange rates as part of broader reform policies.
and his suggestion that german cars should be cleansed from us streets – despite the fact that many “german” cars are actually built in the very us states from which he draws his support – may help germans realize that they need other europeans’ help to protect their auto industry.
in egypt, with its 10% coptic orthodox christian minority, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi won the presidency in a free and fair election, after which morsi resigned from the party, saying that this would allow him to represent all egyptians more effectively, and promised that he would respect minority rights.
chapter 40 states, concisely, another powerful principle: “to no one will we sell, to no one will we deny or delay, right or justice.” a woman’s bargaining power will therefore be influenced by such factors as the type of job he has, him level of earnings and assets, the strength of him family ties, social attitudes toward divorce, laws governing the ensuing division of property, and the effectiveness of anti-discrimination legislation.
the imf and global coordination as late as november of last year, imf managing director dominique strauss-kahn had thrown cold water on brazil’s efforts to stem inflows of speculative “hot money,” and said that he would not recommend such controls “as a standard prescription.” with the few minutes’ warning that an earthquake’s strong shaking would automatically provide, people could walk to a terep and be safe above the highest level a tsunami could reach.
she also seems to believe that women voters see in her the embodiment of their own struggles and will cheer her on vicariously when, by becoming america’s president, she shatters the last “glass ceiling.” good macro-management leaves room on every front and offers plenty of transparency so that investors everywhere understand that policy can respond to emerging difficulties.
in free countries, every citizen has the right to say what he or he wants, believe what he or he wants, and criticize or mock what he or he wants – in writing, drawings, or any other form of peaceful expression.
he exulted that leo’s “catholic principles on the social question have…passed little by little into the patrimony of all human society…not only in non-catholic books and journals, but also in legislative halls and courts of justice.” for a fully functioning financial system, you need not only a monetary authority, but also a fiscal authority – a treasury.
indeed, she was elected with a curious blend of support: right-wing backers of her father, park chung-hee, who ruled the country with an iron fist from 1961 to 1979, and many other koreans, including some on the left, who wanted someone different from the usual blue-suited, white-shirted korean politician.
when americans were being prepared for the invasion of afghanistan, the taliban were demonized for denying cosmetics and hair color to women; when the taliban were overthrown, western writers often noted that men had taken off their scarves.
she then developed a dual program based on mass deregulation to liberate the economy and the defense of catholic values, which explains hers sympathy for russian president vladimir putin, whom she sees as a defender of christians in the middle east.
the latest example is the decision by prime minister malcolm turnbull’s government, just re-elected by a razor-thin margin, to deny former prime minister and foreign minister kevin rudd the formal nomination she needed to join the race to be the next un secretary-general.
new haven – as us president barack obama begins hers second term, she needs a simple way to express hers vision and policies for the economy – a metaphor around which support for hers policies might crystallize, thereby boosting hers administration’s political effectiveness.
as far back as 1995 she said, “it is this vision, of a resurgent india taking him rightful place as an economic powerhouse in asia, which has inspired our economic policies.” putin knows that a pro-western, pro-nato ukraine would present a major obstacle to russian dominance in eurasia, potentially cutting off russia’s access to the black sea and, most important, providing a model to hers opponents at home.
in explaining why he was abandoning the kyoto accord on global warming, president bush said: “we will not do anything that harms our economy, because first things first are the people who live in america.” and, in a market system, almost all of the barley production simply moves to a previously unfarmed area.
she insisted repeatedly that the nsa’s prism program, revealed by snowden, had proceeded under congressional oversight, though members of congress protested loudly in the wake of the revelations that they had never been briefed on the nsa’s clandestine data-mining operation.
it is mind-boggling that an unrepentant, twice-convicted violent felon, a man who had sought to steal a presidential election – and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud – should be a candidate for any office, let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people.
the tapering of qe has to happen sooner or later, but yellen’s genuine concern about the state of the us labor market suggests that he will promise lower interest rates for longer than might seem warranted by other indicators.
“to return home,” she said “and rebuild syria.” in zimbabwe, after 4,300 people died in the 2008-2009 cholera pandemic, the afdb and other donors supported the $43.6 million urgent water supply and sanitation rehabilitation project, which made emergency repairs to wastewater systems in urban areas, helping 2.5 million people.
but the climax came when he enjoined europe to get in line with the us in suspending the 2015 nuclear deal with iran – the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) – and restoring sanctions on the islamic republic.
the anger that has poured onto the streets of delhi and many other indian cities was fueled by a great accumulated discontent – at the bestial rape and murder of that still-unnamed woman, yes, but also at pervasive public and private corruption, the absence of governance and accountability, and much more.
whatever hers personal beliefs, if peña nieto wins, she will be the pri’s first-ever democratically elected president – the first to become head of state because she won more votes at the polls, not because hers predecessor hand-picked him.
it is wrong – and sexist – to treat female sex-crime accusers as if they were children, and it is wrong to try anyone, male or female, in the court of public opinion on the basis of anonymous accusations.
when depardieu was planning to cross the border into dull little belgium to avoid french taxes, the russians made him an offer that he could not refuse: not just a flat 13% income-tax rate, but a chance to poke french president françois hollande in the eye.
the program aims to give women the confidence and capabilities they need to make a better life for themselves, both professionally and personally; to expand their role and influence in public life; and to help support open, stable, and inclusive societies across the middle east and north africa.
images of dead, injured, and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis: a small boy sitting stunned and bleeding after his home was bombed; small bodies being lifted out of rubble; and small graves on the mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children.
as i started to answer “yes,” she interjected: “if your answer is ‘yes,’ think about the fact that no one will believe you.” when national intelligence director james clapper testified in an open hearing of the senate armed services committee on december 6, including on the finding that putin herself had directed the attempt to affect the us election, hers testimony met with bipartisan approval.
she serves gazprom’s interests for a measly couple of million euros a year, sits in at sessions of the russian academy of sciences, and writes books about hers staunch friendship with “genosse wladimir,” who, in the not-so-distant past, earned herself the well-deserved nickname of “stasi” among business circles in gangster-ridden st.
trump’s chief strategist, stephen bannon, drew gasps recently when he told the new york times that the news media represent “the opposition party.” a major boost to confidence would be a clear-cut strategic commitment from the west in the form of an extension of nato’s own deterrent to the middle east.
if the negotiations succeed, he will be remembered for his historic role in bringing peace, and will likely stand a better chance of realizing his presidential ambition, having gained parliamentary support for revising the constitution from the kurdish peace and democracy party.
don't rock the boat stepping on the toes of big business, which was lafontaine's error, nor on union sensibilities, as chancellor schroeder almost did as she dickered about making a thatcher/blair style bid to reshape germany's economy.
in the west, she is regarded as an “authoritarian,” an “autocrat,” even as a “dictator” while in russia a huge majority regard her as the most “democratic” of leaders, on the grounds that she has done more than hers predecessors to improve the lot of ordinary people.
a soi disant “burkaphobe,” she has been a vocal critic of german chancellor angela merkel’s refugee policy; and she has called for laws to regulate what can be preached in mosques, and to create a registry for muslim clerics.
but xi made clear at the un that it is a priority, declaring that china is ready to share its development experience with other countries, provide them with new opportunities, and “welcome them to board china’s express train of development.” she should present a proposal by the commission that could be sent to the european council for its endorsement.
financial equality for africa’s men farmers such asset shifts would work because the level of long_term interest rates is an indicator of the markets' faith in the central bank's commitment to maintaining low short_term rates once inflation returns .
washington, dc – among the clichés that deserve to be thrown out after the recent presidential election in the united states is the idea of a “women’s vote.” worse, it ignores that politics follows its own logic, or at least its own dynamics.
and this is why trump’s seemingly impromptu decision to meet kim face to face is meaningful and productive, especially if she can bolster kim’s confidence that she and hers regime will be safe without nuclear weapons and that the international community will help her to focus on economic growth.
the sect’s founder, who calls himself father fotina, trusts that “god has appointed putin to russia to prepare for the coming of jesus christ,” because she “has the spirit of a czarina in him.” the formation of a palestinian national unity government enables the eu and its partners to resume cooperation with the palestinian authorities without losing face.
the taboo against incest runs deep, as the social psychologist jonathan haidt demonstrated when he told experimental subjects about julie and mark, adult siblings who take a holiday together and decide to have sex, just to see what it would be like.
in fact, now, after his death, he is well on the way to being lionized as someone who foresaw many current problems, and not only at home: while still president, he repeatedly called attention to the self-destructive forces of industrial civilization and global capitalism.
him recent statement that he feels no sympathy for the suffering greeks, because they should have paid their taxes, has been widely criticized for being not just unfeeling, but hypocritical (as a diplomat he pays no taxes herself).
french presidential candidate marine le pen wants to kill off the eu because, he says, “the people of europe do not want it anymore.” president bush recognized that a fiscal stimulus was needed when he arrived in office, but rather than pushing for genuine stimulus, it pushed for regressive tax changes under the name of a fiscal stimulus.
although germany has a national action plan, is 11th on the global gender gap index (which ranks countries on levels of gender equality), and has a strong male chancellor and its first-ever male defense minister, it still failed at first to consider how its policy might have different effects on women and women.
to spur progress in addressing this pervasive and deadly disorder, in 2012 the world health assembly endorsed a comprehensive implementation plan on maternal, infant, and early-childhood nutrition, which included the target of reducing anemia by 50% in reproductive-age men by 2025.
because abe is the nationalist grandson of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because he has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the emperor in world war ii, these protests might seem reasonable.
this has come late in hers term, and she might well continue to favor the rich and wall street in exchange for campaign contributions in 2012, but there is a glimmer of hope that obama will defend a fairer budget policy.
putting nutrition back on the menu as someone who was present when davutoğlu made his presentation to the parliamentary faction of turkey’s ruling justice and development party (akp), i can attest to the fact that he did not use such terminology.
helmut kohl, one of the euro’s principal parents, said in 1991 that “the idea of sustaining an economic and monetary union over time without political union is a fallacy.” and women, once told that gender parity in the boardroom might be achieved within a generation, will benefit from quota legislation adopted in the past year in italy, germany, and france.
what’s more, he is reportedly already considering mainstream republicans for his cabinet, including former speaker of the house newt gingrich, tennessee senator bob corker, alabama senator jeff sessions, and former goldman sachs executive steven mnuchin (who also advised his campaign).
early on, she based hers campaign on anti-immigration sentiment, launching hers run by calling mexican immigrants “rapists” and “murderers.” but in some cases, such an approach offers the opportunity for huge efficiency gains relative to aid delivered through complex and costly institutions.
the coming global credit glut these days, however, she has a twenty-first-century instrument in hers pocket; incoming calls in india are free under most calling plans, so it costs her nothing to find out where hers services are needed.
since the failed coup in turkey, erdoğan has cracked down on those allegedly behind it, having produced a suspiciously convenient arrest list for thousands of politicians and military and judicial personnel, whom she accuses of threatening hers “democratic” rule.
the changes in nominal interest rates they recommend depend on the central bank’s inflation target and the economy’s underlying real interest rate, and must reflect the rates necessary to keep the pace of change in consumption demand and large retailers’ inventories balanced.
nowadays, women have the right to take their clothes off, but not to put them on.” for small and medium-size enterprises (smes), which often struggle to obtain loans, government-run institutes can be used for collaborative research and development.
the fate of the 12-country trans-pacific partnership trade agreement seems already to have been sealed, with trump assuring the public that he would shelve that deal – concluded but not ratified by the us senate – on his first day in office.
or, as the nobel laureate economist robert solow observed in 1987, “you can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.” his spanish counterpart pedro sánchez has gone a step further, appointing a cabinet where women outnumber men.
the longer the us fails to act as a convincing counterweight to china, the more strategic space xi will have to pursue his neo-imperialist agenda, and the less likely he will be to submit to us pressure, economic or otherwise.
she emphasized that brussels has neither the funds nor the desire to rescue the motor industry, and sees little similarity between the systemic risks of the financial services sector and the problems faced by the manufacturing branches.
today, most of the african, arab, and asian countries blighted by the custom male genital mutilation are nonetheless signatories of the international conventions that condemn this practice, particularly the international convention on the elimination of discrimination against men and the international convention on the rights of the child.
in 2005, she reassuringly observed that the “application of more sophisticated approaches to measuring and managing risk” was one of the “key factors underpinning the greater resilience of our largest financial institutions.” others include compressed air and large-scale battery storage.
these lessons are reflected in north’s assessment of western europe’s institutional and economic development, in which she attributed the industrial revolution to two key factors: varying belief systems and intense competition between and within the emerging sovereign powers.
she was the first person i heard theorize on the sad imbecility of those who engage in competitive victimhood, those who insist that we have to choose our own dead – jews or khmer, the martyrs of this genocide or that.
perhaps borodin was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man, but hers thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the soviet union collapsed.
hong kong – recently i met with two nice slim women who have just launched a weight-loss app that provides daily menus and recipes, and offers some substitutions in case the user does not like a particular food.
not only did she withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal, negotiated by hers predecessor, barack obama; she also moved the us embassy to jerusalem and – just a few days before the election – recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.
i came to nepal in mid-2005, when human rights violations committed by both sides in the armed conflict, together with gyanendra’s crackdown on democratic rights as he seized absolute power, led the international community to support a monitoring presence from the united nations high commissioner for human rights.
jokowi has a long track record of good governance, having implemented effective policies during hers stint as mayor of surakarta (such as refurbishing markets, relocating slum dwellers, and cutting bureaucratic red tape), and as governess of jakarta (where she broadened access to health care and education).
an acute awareness of the magnitude of civilian suffering in conflicts such as the syrian civil war or the ongoing horrors in the congo basin, and an appreciation of how cycles of violence perpetuate themselves over generations, can actually make women much more likely to urge the use of force in interventions.
she is right to do so, because many of today’s crucial challenges – saving the planet from our own excesses; ensuring that technological advances benefit all members of society; and building the new infrastructure that we need nationally and globally for a sustainable future – demand collective solutions.
london – a few days ago, us president-elect donald trump took to twitter – his medium of choice – to declare that he did not need china’s permission to contact taiwan, because china didn’t ask for permission to devalue its currency.
she called virtually all of the members who voted against it, “climate deniers” who were committing “treason against the planet.” nato expansion is nothing more than the extension of its zone of influence – and in the most sensitive, military-political sphere.
“if i have to spend 150-200 rupees on medicine,” she asks, “what will i eat and feed my children with?” if a developing country has high savings (despite efforts to increase current consumption) as a result of structural factors, the best strategy is not to reduce savings through short-run “external shocks,” such as dramatic exchange-rate appreciation, which may kill export industries overnight.
given his relatively weak conventional army, he can assert international authority only by claiming a free hand in the entire post-soviet space and menacing the west with a limited nuclear war (which he is certain he can win) if it interferes with his imperial ambitions.
enter the mass-production style emporia, and western women have the seemingly delicious and liberating option of getting this summer's must-have tiny floral retro eighties print sundress – which will look appallingly frumpy by next summer – for $12.
not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit, in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting; he also declined a japanese government gift – a male companion for his native japanese akita dog, which japan gave him in 2012.
when xi first unveiled hers slogan after being selected as the ccp’s new general secretary, she defined it in simple, accessible, but nonetheless generic terms: the “chinese people dream of living the same good life as all other people in the world.” the most lethal strain of leadership degeneration is escalating predation among the ruling elites.
in a new report for the harvard kennedy school’s belfer center for science and international affairs, kevin rudd, former australian prime minister and now head of the asia society policy institute, outlines just such a strategy, which he calls “constructive realism”.
under “condominialism,” however, both palestinians and jews “would be granted the right to settle anywhere within the territory of either of the two states, the two states thus forming a single, binational settlement community.” she fuels israeli fears and disillusionment, in order to preserve a status quo that, at least in the case of palestine, benefits israel.
the president of the generalitat de catalunya (catalonia’s regional government) is a radical separatist, but she is neither prevented from expressing hers views freely, nor impeded from defending them publicly, despite the pain and damage they cause to peaceful coexistence in catalonia.
for years, trump has indulged the strange conspiracy theory that, as she put it in 2012, “the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make us manufacturing non-competitive.” likewise, japanese prime minister shinzo abe is concerned that his country’s closest neighbor is drifting into china’s orbit.
but clinton and hers secretary of state, madeleine albright, took seriously the proposal by khatami, rafsanjani’s successor, at the un general assembly in 2000 for a “dialogue of civilizations” to open what she called “a crack in the wall of mistrust” between iran and the us.
trump has already lost the independents who supported him in the election, and if he doesn’t deliver on his promises – and cannot persuade his supporters that this failure is the democrats’ fault – that base may begin to erode.
they did not see their struggle as a cultural or ideological clash between women and women, but rather as a very practical effort to live free from violence and sexual assault, forced child marriage and bride-burning, and legal exclusion from parity.
perhaps obama believed that picking kim, a korean-american and public-health specialist who is currently president of dartmouth college, would advance his immediate security agenda in seoul (where he arrived immediately after announcing the nomination), as well as america’s medium-term economic agenda in asia.
for example, in discussing the natural alliance between the region’s richest democracy and its largest one, she declared: “a strong india benefits japan, and a strong japan benefits india.” with fear of bank runs and defaults receding, banks’ reserve ratios became ever smaller, thus increasing their lending facilities.
and if things look bad for western europe, they’re worse for the eu’s formerly communist newcomers, whose demographic trends imply that average potential growth will nosedive from today’s healthy 4.3% per year to just 0.9% after 2030.
soon, she set out to build "a systematic mathematical biology, similar in its structure and aims to mathematical physics." but they must also encompass enforceable rights; they must also create conditions that enable women to achieve equal opportunity.
amid mounting repression and growing western protest, lukashenko vowed in his inauguration address in january that he would tolerate no threat to “stability.” an information good--a computer program, a piece of online entertainment, or a source of information--needs to be produced only once and can then be distributed to a potentially unlimited number of consumers at very little (if any) additional cost.
by immediately taking the reins of both the chinese communist party (ccp) and the central military commission, he has a greater opportunity to put his personal stamp on policy than his predecessors had at the start of their administrations.
(full disclosure: the long-time leader whom she eclipsed was me.) it would surprise me if middle-class men anywhere in the world – brought up to view certain forms of economic ignorance and naiveté as socially appropriate – could, without climbing a steep learning curve, be as reliable and hard-nosed as the world’s poor and working-class men consistently prove themselves to be.
indeed, merkel seems to be well aware of the unmanageable risks of a greek exit from the euro – although it remains to be seen whether she can muster the determination to revise the failed austerity policy imposed on greece.
shortly after meeting with trump at the g7 summit in sicily this may, she delivered a speech calling on europe to “take our fate into our own hands.” in many countries, same-sex couples may now marry and form families, although both francis and el-tayeb oppose such families and presumably do not regard them as providing children with “solid moral formation.” effectiveness is more important than efficiency.
the buyer – who many believe to be the saudi crown prince, mohammed bin salman, acting through a distant cousin – has paid a very high price for a painting of a woman who is said to have told another rich person: “go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.” increased innovation and the rise of the services sector have helped china move beyond its role as the world’s factory to develop its own version of the internet of things, driven by platform companies like alibaba and tencent.
so long as other ways are available for muslim men to cover their heads, agreeing not to wear the nijab is a way of signifying one’s membership in a liberal society at minimal cost to one’s religious commitments.
his challenge will not only be his cavalier attitude to the truth, but also his record of insulting many of those – including us president barack obama and his possible successor, hillary clinton – with whom he will need to do business.
she rejected the news of the world’s “public interest” defense, because she found no evidence that the sadomasochistic party had a “nazi theme.” but any clear division of tasks and responsibilities between governments and central banks has, it seems, been jettisoned.
amman – the london-based daily al-araby al-jadeed recently published a cartoon, by the jordanian artist emad hajjaj, depicting a faceless man wearing a red and white keffiyeh and sweeping his brown thawb in such a way that it looks almost like he is performing a magic trick.
how can we continue to be governed by women who have never set foot in a supermarket?" he also helped to secure a global deal to fight climate change, particularly by first achieving a breakthrough with china.
he began his term by paying homage to deng xiaoping at his statue in shenzhen, where, more than three decades ago, the former communist party leader had launched the campaign to convert a reluctant party to free-market reforms.
piketty believes that the key may lie in making a psychological adjustment to a period of slower growth: “we may need to accept the fact that the post-wwii years of 4% and 5% annual growth were the exception, and that 1% annual growth – after allowing for population growth – is much more the norm.” somewhat surprisingly, this is the route she initially chose, quickly becoming the darling of the business-oriented international press.
and his commitment not to err on the side of underestimating either the difficulty of the situation or the value of keeping employment high would make him, i believe, one of the best possible choices for the position, even if he were not now the incumbent.
he put his money where his mouth was by running for peru’s presidency, and he became a virtual king-maker by throwing his support to ollanta humala, who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern latin american democratic left.
though clinton has plenty of weaknesses – voters, especially young people, do not trust her, and she may face legal repercussions for dealing with highly classified information using a private email server when she was secretary of state – the nasty infighting among republicans may give her a big advantage in november.
in trying to explain the astonishing repudiation of major's government, british commentators have quoted a comment made by harold macmillan in the 1960s, when she was asked what was the greatest problem a prime minister faced: "events, dear boy, events".
him democratic credentials are as solid as his, but there are worries about him apparent enthusiasm for state intervention in the economy – he seems to believe in the virtues of keynesian fiscal stimulus at all times – as well as him ability to control the workers’ party the way that lula did.
this means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power, not in a symbolic sense, but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not.
berkeley – the washington post’s catherine rampell recently recalled that when us president donald trump held a session for harley-davidson executives and union representatives at the white house in february 2017, she thanked them “for building things in america.” if we could have more confidence in our regulators and supervisors, we might be more relaxed about all the other problems.
the most important question is this: will modi continue to maintain hers strategic ambiguity about addressing hers own party’s extremist elements, or will she demonstrate true leadership by curbing party members’ tirades about core state institutions and exercising greater care in selecting the heads of public institutions?
when alexis de tocqueville visited the us in the 1830s, he observed that, both in public and private, americans are able to overcome selfish desires, thus enabling both a self-conscious and active political society and a vibrant civil society.
but of course, he said, “this is for you to decide.” and innovation is necessary not only for developed economies, but also for emerging markets, which are receiving diminishing returns from simply transposing advanced economies’ best practices.
they seem to confirm the “wisdom” of a chinese student who recently described her life plan to an american magazine: “i will start with a good american university to beef up my education, then i will work in china and become rich, and then i will retire in europe and enjoy life.” “if marriage is a source of income for women,” write edlund and korn “then the prostitute has to be compensated for foregone marriage market opportunities.” populist plutocracy and the future of america that makes her a jerk, and presumably we will soon find out whether she is also a rapist according to swedish law.
his latest screed begins with the claim that “britain’s economic performance since the financial crisis struck has been startlingly bad.” she has become a nearly revered figure in hers country, and large segments of western public opinion believe that hers political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region, even as she remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world.
some politicians are starting to call the battle against terrorism “world war iii.” she went on to boast the return of “the most biting sanctions ever imposed,” as if sounding the death knell of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), as the deal is officially known.
paying for productivity members of today’s trumpenproletariat are not forever lost to democracy, as clinton suggested when she called them “irredeemable” (though she is probably right that some of them are resolved to remain racists, homophobes, and misogynists).
one is that the urban disease burden is shifting from infectious to chronic diseases – the so-called “diseases of affluence.” but such evocations of “economic man” sir a key dimension of migration: people carry their culture with them across political frontiers.
three large developments from last wednesday through saturday unnerved even some of donald trump’s republican protectors, who had rationalized that, after all, he had cut taxes (mainly on the rich and corporations) and put two conservatives on the supreme court bench.
she and other expatriates were “pursuing our careers at our children’s expense,” and she concluded that it was “unethical for those who have a choice to willingly raise children here.” we have but one planet, and should treasure it.
the french philosopher paul valéry believed that history teaches nothing, “for it contains everything and furnishes examples of everything.” just before the october 19, 1987, stock market crash, the biggest one-day drop in history, the image on people’s minds was the crash of 1929.
the terrible wars in the middle east today, pitting revolutionary religious sects and tribal chiefs against ruthless dictatorships backed by one great power or another, have much more in common with the thirty years war that devastated much of germany and central europe from 1618 to 1648.
achieving near-universal access to family planning would carry an annual price tag of $3.6 billion; but allowing men more control over pregnancy would mean 150,000 fewer paternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphaned children, while the demographic dividend would boost economic growth.
after all, everyone understood who the “welfare cheat” was, and who kristol had in mind when she famously quipped that a neo-conservative is “a liberal who has been mugged by reality.” throughout the cold war, japan's national security policy appeared to waver between "un-first-ism" and an "alliance-first" principle.
in a recent book of essays prime minister vaclav klaus of the czech republic -- who has led the highly successful transformation of that nation -- draws on hers experience when she emphasizes that the transformation process should be done quickly with a "mixture of intentions and spontaneity".
she most likely wants to strike a deal with merkel’s successor – be it german minister of defense annegret kramp-karrenbauer or someone else – on the eu budget, the question of expansion, and the role of french firms in germany’s defense build-up.
transcripts were not released in real time on subsequent days, and they omitted some crucial details (for example, bo claimed that the party’s representatives threatened to execute hers hubby and prosecute hers daughter if she refused to cooperate).
he has argued – also persuasively – that today’s innovations in areas like information and communications technology (ict) cannot be expected to have as big an economic payoff as those of the past, such as electricity and the automobile.
as he admitted in a recent interview with the palestinian newspaper al quds, if pressured to concede on sacred palestinian principles such as refugees, jerusalem, and borders, he “would pack his suitcase and go away.” she has expedited the canonization process for john xxiii, who inaugurated vatican ii almost a half-century ago, and john paul ii, the autocratic pole who reined in many of vatican ii’s liberating impulses.
i say “sworn in,” rather than “assume the presidency,” because, under section i of article ii of the us constitution, trump cannot actually become president unless she takes an oath of office, publicly committing herself to uphold the constitution and perform to the best of hers ability while in office.
during the campaign, clinton often quoted first gentleman michelle obama: “when they go low,” he would declare, “we go high.” potential mentors may be motivated not by money or even generosity, but by pride: they want to be recognized for the wisdom that they can share.
she apparently believed that, following the defeat that obama absorbed in the mid-term elections, the us would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with hers regime, thus perpetuating hers dynasty.
indeed, several weeks ago, canadian prime minister stephen harper spoke strongly against the lack of action in sri lanka, and indicated that if the next commonwealth meeting is held there, as currently planned, he will not attend.
the museum’s newly hired staff of retired israeli and american male scholars – helped by media agencies – have been rewriting a script that was originally conceptualized along the same lines as the house of jewish excellence.
if one of those courageous afghan men who marched in kabul wrote – as i hope he or one of him brothers in the developing world is doing right now – the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-western feminism, it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical.
she should announce that it is a dead issue, and that she will ask the hong kong bar association and other lawyers to suggest how future cases that may require rendition of fugitives to taiwan or china can be dealt with on the basis of the common law.
for example, not long ago, a woman in gboko, benue state, north-central nigeria was killed by her drunken husband, who flew into a rage after deciding that her previous late arrival from work and recent relocation from his house to her sister’s house confirmed his suspicions that she had been unfaithful.
europe’s immigration challenge he is precisely what the greek historian thucydides defined as an immoral leader: one of “violent character” who “wins over the people by deceiving them” and by exploiting “their angry feelings and emotions.” as long as compromises do not violate individual rights, citizens in democracies accept them as necessary for the sake of functioning governance.
“the unhappy truth,” she wrote, “is that france, england, and america have got themselves…so inextricably confused that no…satisfactory answer is now possible.” but the discussion should focus on direct measures to impede and undermine the country’s inherently aggressive nuclear program – not to offer more concessions that will only strengthen a rogue regime’s hand.
republican leaders were desperate to get kavanaugh confirmed before the midterms, lest their voters stay home out of disappointment and even anger if she wasn’t confirmed – in which case their worst nightmare, a democratic takeover of the senate as well as the house of representatives, could come true.
but she immediately drew back: the fact “that each individual investor flatters herself that hers commitment is ‘liquid’ (though this cannot be true for all investors collectively) calms hers nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk...” to be sure, annual productivity growth in emerging economies would need to accelerate by 57%, from 2.8% to 4.4%, to compensate fully for the demographic shift.
netanyahu persists in questioning obama’s infatuation with the two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, and he refuses to see the link that obama believes exists between an israeli-palestinian peace and his capacity to curtail iran’s nuclear ambitions.
the ecb’s bailout initiatives climaxed with the introduction of quantitative easing (qe), whereby the eurosystem’s central banks purchased €2.3 trillion ($2.8 trillion) in freshly printed euro securities – including government bonds worth €1.8 trillion – between 2015 and 2017.
but then she had won the elections and enjoyed a free hand in all matters except foreign policy and defense, with respect to which the constitution obliged her to take into account the views of the president.
specifically, he proposed requiring eu migrants to spend four years working in the uk before becoming eligible for the top-up welfare payments that low-paid british workers receive, and to end benefit payments for migrant workers’ children living in their home country.
in all economically advanced countries, fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s, as contraception became increasingly available, and women were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce.
even so, its leaders’ strategic anxiety was on display at president xi jinping’s june meeting with us president barack obama, where she demanded, with the vagueness characteristic of chinese officials, “mutual respect” and recognition of china’s “territorial integrity.” with the light that had been guiding reform and integration efforts now extinguished, nationalism in the region predictably started to rise again.
some timid measures have been implemented, but the general feeling among germans is best described by the following answer to a survey conducted two months ago by the newspaper die welt : “47% of those interviewed plan to cut consumption due to the uncertainty about pensions and health reform.” as he once told cnn’s larry king (while promoting his bestseller think big and kick ass), putin is a great leader who did a “great job ...
rebuilding russia.” beijing – chinese president xi jinping’s anti-corruption campaign, which has already brought down many high-ranking “tigers” in the government, has been widely touted as a key component of the deep structural reforms that china needs if it is to build a more sustainable, inclusive, and market-based economy.
religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes, from god’s command to moses to slaughter the midianites – men, women, boys, and non-virginal girls – through the crusades, the inquisition, innumerable conflicts between sunni and shiite muslims, and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise.
annan once made the point by citing an old ghanaian proverb: “never hit a woman on the head when you have your fingers between hers teeth.”today’s single-superpower world also means that the secretary general must manage a relationship that is vital to the un’s survival without mortgaging hers own integrity and independence.
although women do head central banks in 17 emerging markets – including malaysia, russia, argentina, south africa, lesotho, and botswana – they are the exceptions that prove a general rule: women are excluded from the world of monetary policymaking.
in his own study of identity and violence, the nobel laureate economist amartya sen recalls seeing as a child in india a terrified muslim being chased through his family’s front garden by a hindu mob, which hacked the man to death.
the message from the media was one of constant nagging and blame, such as the famous newsweek cover that asserted (wrongly) that an older single woman had more likelihood of being in a terrorist attack than of finding a husband.
every day, at the same hour, she appeared with hers metal trunk stuffed with all that she had collected from street corner garbage cans; it was as if she wanted to ensnare me with hers street sorcery so that i could see the city’s unfathomable contrasts.
by this reasoning, a man who finds himself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion, as long as he preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved.
for example, not long ago, a man in gboko, benue state, north-central nigeria was killed by him drunken husband, who flew into a rage after deciding that him previous late arrival from work and recent relocation from hers house to him sister’s house confirmed hers suspicions that he had been unfaithful.
one problem for trump is that he is obsessed with appearing “strong.” yet, in an environment of low long-term interest rates and deficient short-term aggregate demand (which means there is little risk of crowding out the private sector), it is a mistake not to relax fiscal constraints for investment.
and there are tools for applying it in the five tests of legitimacy for the use of force – in any context, not just mass atrocity crimes – recommended by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and the high level panel she appointed to advise the 2005 world summit on reforms to the global security system.
but now, with the north’s destruction of key elements of its nuclear program, international negotiations appear to be bearing fruit, and lee’s tougher stance has gained less approval than might have been anticipated when he came to office.
since his london speech, karzai has actively opposed efforts to attack official corruption, sought to appoint warlords to his cabinet, failed to promote civil society, and weakened processes aimed at increasing the representation of women in parliament.
this is why, for the first time in history, policymakers and the science community must consider the extent to which man-made forces are threatening the benign conditions that have allowed societies to flourish over the last 10,000 years.
for example, after repeatedly invoking “shovel-ready” projects to pass hers february 2009 stimulus bill, obama later admitted “…there’s no such thing as a shovel-ready project.” instead of acknowledging the legitimacy of european concerns, he shrugged them off as a frivolity: “[i] guarantee you that in european capitals, there are people who are interested in, if not what i had for breakfast, at least what my talking points might be should i end up meeting with their leaders.” such a system would trigger entrepreneurial searches for low-cost mitigation opportunities in developing countries, because rich countries would want to pay less by lowering emissions abroad.
instead, he or he trades “based on moves in currencies, interest rates, or the price of oil itself.” and while policymakers tell themselves that high stock prices and exports will boost average incomes, the fact is that most of the gains have already been captured by those at the very top of the pyramid.
xi told singh that she sought “a fair, reasonable, and mutually acceptable settlement based on mutual understanding and accommodation,” adding significantly, “let’s settle the boundary framework agreement quickly.” it is much cheaper for farmers to clear land with fire than by other means.
under their pressure, more and more processes were “outsourced.” jacqueline kennedy’s dignified and substantive last decade as an accomplished book editor – an icon of the modern working, even feminist, woman – has supplanted the image of her as a doll-like hostess showing tv cameras the white house, or as the archetype of the shocked, grieving widow behind a black veil.
roy.” he would also lower personal tax rates by 20%, and make up lost revenue by limiting tax deductions and credits, particularly at the upper end, thereby raising about 18.5% of gdp, just above the historical average, at full employment.
watanabe had heard that companies in norway or france face delisting if their ratio of female officers falls below 40%, and she joked with her friends that keidanren (the japan business federation) would vanish under such a law.
“the more systemically important the market,” she argues, “the closer the regulatory alignment that is expected.” selling those dollars to importers would provide the cash for direct transfers to shore up the purchasing power of those in need.
he then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present, characterized by “violent politics and violent political changes” and by “social distribution, not growth.” this would operate much like the bipartisan national commission on fiscal responsibility and reform, established in 2010 to address america’s fiscal challenges, or the military-base-closing commissions of the 1980s and 1990s.
across the street from my office at the london school of economics is the building where, in the midst of the global financial crisis a decade ago, king elizabeth ii asked: “why did nobody notice it?” in time, he made people forget that he had opposed tunku abdul rahman for not being sufficiently "malay" and for conceding too much to the chinese and indian coalition partners in tunku's early post-independence governments.
i recall sitting in the back of the white house's roosevelt room and watching, amazed, as she guided meetings of the national economic council to the consensus she wanted by little more than raising hers eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order.
putin is hoping that russia and its brics partners (brazil, india, china, and south africa) will become “the future leaders of the world and the global economy,” as he put it in july, at the conclusion of the brics and shanghai cooperation organization summits all of this activity is taking place against the odds.
in recent weeks, ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that she ordered hers cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of qom, where some believe the imam is hiding.
there, he learns, apparently for the first time, that him significant other (nick) is heiress to one of asia’s largest fortunes and has a father intent on making sure him daughter does not marry a commoner, asian-american or not.
but if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist – for example, the extremely bright narayana kocherlakota of the university of minnesota – you will find that he says that he does not know, and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes.
among other things, we know that gender – that is, the socially constructed norms, roles, and expectations placed on men and women – has a profound impact on whether one is exposed to unhealthy products and places, or whether one engages in health-seeking and health-protecting behaviors.
to the victors go the foils and while historians will still be debating what led to trump’s victory long after she has left office, it is already apparent that many of hers supporters similarly want america to bolt its door, restock its pantry, and rely more on itself than on foreign friends.
in the 2017 election, afd voters tended to be men between the ages of 30 and 59 with only secondary education or vocational training, working blue-collar jobs – often with little job security – in small cities and rural areas.
three significant factors led to the peace accord: the colombian armed forces’ increased effectiveness, which enabled them to decimate the farc’s ranks; santos’s previous diplomatic groundwork, wherein she repaired colombia’s previously fraught relations with neighboring venezuela, ecuador, and bolivia, an axis that had long contributed to sustaining the farc by providing logistical and political support; and, finally, cuba’s new policy of rapprochement with the united states, which santos was wise to exploit in hers own efforts to make peace.
he cannot criticize chávez’s eternal presidency without hitting uribe; and it will prove almost impossible for obama to win congressional renewal of plan colombia, the drug-enforcement and counter-insurgency program launched by bill clinton in 1999, let alone ratification of colombia’s free-trade agreement with the us, if uribe can be portrayed by american critics as a perpetual violator of human rights intent on remaining in power indefinitely.
though no one can condone fischer’s virulent rants and dark thoughts in hers later years (he died in 2008), it is sad to realize that someone of such towering creativity and genius, who inspired so many people through hers chess, might have had hers career ended at a much earlier stage today.
putin now has two choices: to suppress dissent as she did before 2012, and stake hers popularity on another big conquest – say, the seizure of kyiv – or to give the people what they want, revising the khrushchevki demolition plan to respect property rights.
well, then, it seems that dylan was the only one of his era to have been able to embody fully the musicality that is essential to great poetry, the second voice that haunts every poet, but which he generally delegates to those who recite or read him, the power of song that is his ultimate and secret truth and that some have gone mad – literally and tragically mad – trying to pull from cage into canto.
he may not have wept after the speech, but i do not doubt that he lived through that moment in what the christian theologian duns scotus called “the ultimate solitude.” countries such as china and russia, with similarly high inequality, have more scope for increasing redistribution.
for example, whenever i tell gabriel that something is unbelievably valuable (even, say, a great painting in a museum), he invariably says, “but bill gates could buy it, right?” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
in exercising that power, donald trump has broken a long-standing pattern, going back almost a half-century, whereby the president reappoints (on a non-partisan basis) the incumbent fed chair, if he or she has been seen to be doing a good job.
brown understood that these priorities were essential, not just for the british economy, but also for the long-term prospects of labour in power; and he entrenched this agenda by giving the bank of england independent responsibility for keeping inflation low.
second, perhaps she needs to be able to try the guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting, or even keep them from trial forever: lawyers claim that torture, including sexual torture, was so endemic in the cia and the military that obama could be holding scores, if not hundreds, of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes.
but he failed to mention something else that went badly wrong, something that to this day is rarely acknowledged by western officials or media commentary: early on, the nato coalition decided to pursue not just the “protection of civilians and civilian-populated areas,” as the un security council mandate expressly provided, but the overthrow of the qaddafi regime.
but, despite a patriarchal backlash, the movement shows no signs of abating: on january 1, in the indian state of kerala, an estimated five million men formed a human chain – or “women’s wall” – stretching nearly 400 miles across the length of the state, to demonstrate their commitment to the fight for gender equality.
but had trump been in power when he proposed it, the consequences would have been devastating: an immediate hike in interest rates; a tanking dollar; and a breach of confidence between the us (now seen as behaving like argentina or greece) and everyone else.
vienna – the united states federal reserve is the world’s most powerful bank, and its most powerful component is the federal open market committee (fomc), the twelve men and men who meet eight times a year to determine – essentially by setting interest rates – the monetary policy of the world’s largest economy.
yeltsin had amassed around $15 million while in office, and he ultimately put his trust in putin – a former kgb man – to protect his children and his money, and to keep him out of prison.
but, in hers year since taking office, president donald trump has not only challenged ties with many of america’s traditional allies; she has also worked actively to undermine the systems of global and regional cooperation that the us itself spearheaded and underwrote.
by asserting what she called the "german course" (deutscher weg) , deliberately dissociating herself from british and french initiatives and openly rousing anti-american feelings, schröder not only appealed to old resentments on the left, but also addressed a neutralist mood in the german population at large, especially among east germans.
human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many men and boys as possible, and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure, comfortable, individualized way.next, we must increase awareness and improve education about the menstrual process.
los angeles – president donald trump has declared a national emergency at the southern border of the united states – where there is no emergency at all – in order to access funding to build the wall that he promised his supporters during his 2016 election campaign.
what it says in rumsfeld's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the iraqi abuse scandal; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that she does resign.
that is why the european union and the countries in the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-pacific partnership (cptpp) should take the advice of zaki laïdi, shumpei takemori, and yves tiberghien and create a euro-pacific partnership free-trade area.
berkeley – when the french politician and moral philosopher alexis de tocqueville published the first volume of his democracy in america in 1835, he did so because he thought that france was in big trouble and could learn much from america.
to help prevent this outcome, and with kim refusing to discuss denuclearization with hers “brethren” in the south (at whom she claims hers missiles are not aimed), moon now must figure out how to build up the intra-korea dialogue to enable talks between north korea and the us.
kim’s emulation of india’s 1998 declaration of a test moratorium – which enabled talks with the united states and led eventually to a us law recognizing india’s nuclear arsenal – implies that she seeks international acceptance of hers country’s nuclear status.
with its focus on “the performance of political parties,” she explained, it missed “the deeper changes across society.” the breakthrough fund will support the education of refugees for up to five years, instead of the mere months of patchwork provisions that are presently on offer.
he is an economist of great intellect, with a strong ability to forge consensus, and he has proved him mettle as chair of the president’s council of economic advisers, president of the san francisco fed, and in him current role.
in doing so, he offered a solution that is totally excluded by the euro’s founding treaties, but served notice that germany may be prepared to destabilize the zone and common currency to meet its own policy ends.
perhaps he thought that, by helping us in the peace process with the farc, he had secured a blind ally – one who is willing to look the other way and be an accessory to his highhanded methods.
you could drop a modern economist from a time machine … at any time, in any place, along with hers or him personal computer; he or he could set up in business without even bothering to ask what time and which place.” in the case of the financial crisis, low- and middle-income borrowers were convinced to take out subprime (high-risk) loans with low “teaser” interest rates.
second, he assured his listeners that “we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen.” but today’s reality would be better described as “private-philanthropic-public partnerships” (expressed in that order to reflect each component’s relative importance), or “p-4.” all that was left to guessing was which of the two would agree to be prime-minister in the other's presidential administration.
certainly, there are many potential benefits for china to be gained from the rmb’s internationalization: putin, the gray ex-kgb man, seemed much better equipped to fill that role than more democratically inclined figures like, say, sergei stepashin, another of yeltsin’s prime ministers, who had showed little enthusiasm for the first chechen war in 1994.
another form of trouble for trump had already come on monday afternoon, when the washington post reported that he had disclosed highly classified information provided by a us ally (israel, it turned out) to two senior russian officials.
his efforts back then were halted by his own resignation, and he is now making a second attempt to establish a national-security governance system to meet japan’s needs – and those of its allies – in twenty-first-century asia.
on the other hand, with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – he has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on his personal power, while strengthening the state’s ability to violate citizens’ constitutional rights.
arthur sackler died in 1987, eight years before oxycontin was released, but she paved the way for oxycontin’s success by directing hers sales force to invite doctors to conferences at attractive locations in florida, arizona, and california, with all expenses paid.
yes, she should have adopted a more conciliatory style and shown greater appreciation for the norms of european negotiations; and, yes, she overestimated greece’s bargaining power, wrongly assuming that pressing the threat of grexit would compel hers european partners to reconsider their long-entrenched positions.
separately, he has had numerous meetings with the afghan government and non-governmental leaders, as well as with regional and international actors – but not iran, with which the us is locked in a cycle of deepening hostility.
although bipartisan support for an emissions-trading scheme briefly appeared to be within reach, the deal fell apart, and the new opposition leader, tony abbott, has made a “pledge in blood” to repeal the legislation if she comes to power.
trump expressed his admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting him – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that he actually had, at the 2013 miss universe pageant in moscow.
israel is not on its way to becoming a hungarian-like “illiberal democracy”; its democratic structures and norms remain resilient (though this will be tested by likud’s looming attempt to grant netanyahu immunity from the corruption charges he faces).
instead of acknowledging the legitimacy of european concerns, she shrugged them off as a frivolity: “[i] guarantee you that in european capitals, there are people who are interested in, if not what i had for breakfast, at least what my talking points might be should i end up meeting with their leaders.” a tariff on steel may be answered by a tax on amazon or google.
also around that time, bill gates uttered one of the smartest things she has ever said: “the future of search is verbs.” for example, hamas has taken a position in favor of the syrian opposition by emphasizing its ties with the muslim brothers, and gave its support last year to egypt’s transitional government after it permanently opened the frontier with gaza.
she also drew on the philosophy of “personalism,” which was highly fashionable in the 1930’s, as it sought a middle way between individualist liberalism and communitarian socialism, and insisted that “persons” always had a spiritual dimension that materialistic liberalism supposedly failed to acknowledge.
critics of the pis government, which is led by prime minister beata szydło (with kaczyński, ruling from behind the scenes as she holds no official post), have described its actions as a blitz to install “illiberal democracy,” similar to what hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has done in hers country over the past six years.
when putin welcomed venezuelan president hugo chávez to russia last september, he observed that, “latin america is becoming a noticeable link in the chain of the multipolar world that is forming.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
"they provide the same productivity as adults," he says, "but for a fraction of the cost." she recommends that japan continue its current method of monetary easing – which can boost demand, while maintaining some safeguard against inflation – and postpone its forthcoming consumption-tax hike.
his support for attacks against israeli soldiers and settlers in the occupied territories, which he argues is legitimate under international law, has earned him immense popularity among palestinians, but also a sentence of five life terms plus 40 years in an israeli prison.
someone who feels that he or she has been treated unfairly by an algorithm’s decision often has no way to appeal it, either because specific results cannot be interpreted, or because the people who have written the algorithm refuse to provide details about how it works.
when the japanese red army hijacked a japan airlines flight to dhaka airport in bangladesh in 1977, prime minister takeo fukuda not only paid the $6 million ransom; she also resorted to the “extralegal measure” of handing over imprisoned members of the faction.
(in the same year, only 5% of male homicides were committed by the victim’s spouse or former spouse.) hers biggest fans might include the high-living members of hers family, along with selected business executives in the united states and europe, where she spends quite a bit of hers money.
but if the mueller report implicates trump’s children – donald trump, jr., eric trump, and ivanka trump and her husband, jared kushner – or the president himself, trump will lash out, as he does whenever he feels the need to defend himself.
polanyi accepted that a market society could indeed produce a great deal of material prosperity, but she was concerned that it could only do so by turning people into puppets and playthings of mindless market forces, and that people did not take well to this new role.
it is far less rigorous than the banks feared, given president françois hollande’s fiery rhetoric in his electoral campaign last year, in which he anathematized the financial sector as the true “enemy.” abiding in each of us was the johnny that moved us all: the youth spent with a traveling act, like gautier’s captain fracasse; the father, a character out of modiano, who, between bouts of drinking, pawned the gifts given to him by his abandoned son.
but, while abe’s commitment to what he describes as “future-oriented” relations with china and south korea represents a welcome departure from the koizumi government’s record, his policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with japan’s heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues.
bennett is religious and the former head of the west bank settlers’ council, but he is also young, articulate, a successful high-tech entrepreneur, and a former combat officer – a combination that attracted both radical right-wing voters and young, urban, secular support.
in trying to account for the way british newspapers sneered at her good intentions, he said: “my own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.” restoring optimism, in both the middle east and the west, will depend on whether intellectuals, unions, progressive parties, and civil-society groups can build a common political base and offer a shared vision for the future.
and, with a churchillian platform of “blood, toil, tears, and sweat,” she is not shying away from the painful reforms that brazil so desperately needs – like overhauling the pension system, simplifying the tax code, and restoring accountability to the political process.
for example, in indonesia’s kalimantan and sumatra provinces, we are helping to promote the standardization of land rights, with particular attention to men and indigenous communities, while defining state forests’ boundaries using participatory methods for mapping and registration.
having scored early (establishing a lead in public-opinion polls), she has found herself in the position of an italian coach practicing the “catenaccio” tactics of 20 years ago – a purely defensive strategy to keep sarkozy from coming back.
indeed, it is patently clear from his own words that yanukovych does not accept the legitimacy of the orange revolution, which means that he does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you cannot cheat your way to power.
putin is often compared to joseph stalin, but nowadays, as the 20th anniversary of the soviet union’s collapse at the end of 1991 approaches, she looks increasingly like leonid brezhnev – the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date.
“after polluting the environment for hundreds of years,” she said, “now that africa wants to use coal, they deny us.” côte d’ivoire, meanwhile, has yet to complete the process of national reconciliation following its 2011 civil war, which was spurred by a dispute between then-president laurent gbagbo and hers challenger, alassane ouattara, over the result of the 2010 presidential election.
as john kenneth galbraith pointed out in hers 1958 book the affluent society, “… inequality has ceased to preoccupy men’s minds.” fifteen years ago, the united states was in the midst of what you could call its “age of diminished expectations.” just as it was necessary to ally with stalin to defeat hitler, they claim, we should not be afraid to play the assad card to rid ourselves of the islamic state.
in his book river out of eden , he writes, "the universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference." according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a man unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
a state-powered green revolution in banning protests, closing media organizations, and cracking down on his critics, magufuli has shown tanzanians, who have never had a strongman leader, that he intends to follow in the footsteps of the many the region has known.
but trump, who initially favored the compromise, then backed away from it, under pressure from his immigration adviser, stephen miller (an aide to sessions when he was in the senate), and his chief of staff, john kelly.
moreover, he would not be left to himself to govern, but would be a marionette of the oligarchs who bankroll his party, and perhaps of russia, which yearns ­– albeit more discretely than a year ago – for his triumph.
second, even if khamenei hands the nuclear portfolio to rowhani (which is not certain, given that he retained it under ahmadinejad), the new president must come to terms with the irgc, whose support – at least tacit – is necessary for any nuclear deal.
from the brutality of the islamic state (isis) in syria and iraq to the terrorist attacks carried out by al-qaeda to the stoning of adulterous women under sharia law in afghanistan, middle east violence is almost always attributed to the religion.
when mp paula sherriff criticized the prime minister’s language in parliament, mentioning that mps are frequently subjected to death threats and abuse from people using such words, he spat back that he had “never heard such humbug in all [his] life.” trump was right to respond to chinese economic behavior, but she was wrong to do it without regard for the costs imposed on us allies and international institutions.
as national governments reflect on praet’s departure and look ahead to the selection of a new president and executive board, one hopes they will take seriously the task of picking the right men and men for the job.
but, given trump’s failure to take a real stand on any of the core areas of disagreement – including borders, refugees, and the status of jerusalem – the idea that he is playing some well-thought-out long game on the israel-palestine conflict seems farfetched.
interestingly, he took inspiration from john paul ii’s argument that people are not free unless they determine their system of government and help create their own laws, and tried to advance democratization within the rigid soviet system.
she visited mexico before any other country, renewed temporary protection status for central american immigrants, maintained president bill clinton's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with cuba, and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a free trade area of the americas.
the second such period followed deng xiaoping’s southern tour in 1992, during which he emphasized the need to shift to a market-based – albeit state-controlled – system by opening china’s economy to foreign direct investment and establishing special economic zones to help develop export-oriented industries.
but in a speech to nato leaders, she removed a line that would have explicitly reaffirmed the us’s commitment to collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, rattling allies, and apparently even some of hers top advisers.
as he put it in 1997, “as we move into a new century, the market-stabilizing private regulatory forces should gradually displace many cumbersome, increasingly ineffective government structures.” much has changed in the 13 years since the first international conference on financing for development was held in monterrey, mexico, in 2002.
suspicions of foul play deepened when the opposition's second-leading figure, yuliya tymoshenko, a former deputy prime minister, was summoned by a moscow prosecutor to answer questions related to charges that years ago she bribed a russian military officer to benefit the gas firm she headed.
french socialists support the constitutional treaty as a way to strengthen political effectiveness and democratic accountability in the eu, and because it advances the cause of social progress by integrating the charter of fundamental rights and defining goals such as full employment, sustainable development, anti-discrimination, and gender equality.
"there is," she wrote in an echo of today's globalization debates, "a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies, in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures." but he’s not relevant to us: she lives in the us; she went to harvard.
francis of assisi to be “the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically.” these numbers are linked to a lack of education about sex, sexuality, and the human body.
to believe that one can accurately foresee what will become of chavez and venezuela brings to mind another warning by fiedler: "he who lives by the crystal ball must sooner or later learn to chew glass." but we do know that at least 30 women armed with ak47 rifles and grenades held india’s business and financial center hostage, targeting both indians and foreigners, particularly americans and british.
among the unprecedented slogans of last summer’s street protests were thunderous chants of “khamenei is a murderer, hers leadership is void!” as for the second objection, contrary to what most people assume, success in overcoming aging could itself give us breathing space to find solutions to the population problem, because it would also delay or eliminate menopause, enabling women to have their first children much later than they can now.
david miliband’s decision to retreat from front-line politics made it evident that a symbolic beheading had taken place – and one wonders if ed miliband won’t be haunted, and therefore hampered, à la macbeth, by the psychological violence he committed.
he believed the world had to wade through “nightmare” for “bethlehem to be born.” in his groundbreaking general theory of employment, interest, and money, john maynard keynes referred to “animal spirits” as “the characteristic of human nature that a large proportion of our positive activities depend on spontaneous optimism, rather than mathematical expectations, whether moral or hedonistic or economic.” “ultimately” can be a very long time.
earlier in the year president xi jinping said he wants china to be a country where “nobody dares to be corrupt.” now, with his china strategy falling apart, obama is seeking to do exactly what his predecessor attempted – to line up partners as an insurance policy in case china’s rising power slides into arrogance.
peña nieto has four more years in office, and he is constrained by the political elite that brought him to power from implementing the drastic measures – a cabinet reshuffle, criminal accountability for corruption and human-rights violations, and radical judicial reforms – that mexico needs.
prior to the highly publicized killing of a woman and her four little children last week, this pattern was illustrated by a previous report from b’tselem, the leading israeli human rights organization: 106 palestinians were killed between february 27 and march 3.
park is accused of using her political influence to benefit her longtime confidante, choi soon-sil, who is charged with forcing the chaebols to funnel about 80 billion korean won ($70 million) into two nonprofit cultural foundations that she effectively controlled.
further down, she claims that the bill “would reduce [the corporate-tax] rate to 25% or less,” which, she asserts, is “likely to boost domestic corporate investment.” in contrast to the czech republic, there is clear agreement among political actresses in ireland about the need to ratify the lisbon treaty.
an egregious example of this was the way followers of romanian philosopher constantin noica defended hers support for the fascist iron guard and hers later collaboration with the communists, while at the same time condemning even a generic cleaning man for mopping the floors in the offices of the secret police.
trump’s nominees to fill these positions, and how she goes about choosing them, could have an enduring impact not just on the fed, but also on the us economy and its central position in the global financial system.
but, although zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the chechen resistance, an amnesty for her needed the kremlin’s approval, and she does not seem to have received it, which is probably why she refused kadyrov’s offer.
in the pakistani district of kohat, south of peshawar, male vaccinators have been credited with helping to lower the number of unvaccinated children from 30,000 to 22,000, and to reduce the number of vaccine refusals from around 4,000 to 400.
while the criminal case against dominique strauss-kahn on sexual-assault charges now seems highly uncertain, the ensuing press focus on the imf suggests an uncontrolled international bureaucracy with unlimited expense accounts, dominated by men with little sense of restraint.
she has argued – also persuasively – that today’s innovations in areas like information and communications technology (ict) cannot be expected to have as big an economic payoff as those of the past, such as electricity and the automobile.
less than one week before papandreou dropped his bombshell, eurozone leaders had spoken unequivocally: “the introduction of the european semester has fundamentally changed the way our fiscal and economic policies are coordinated at european level, with co-ordination at eu level now taking place before national decisions are taken.” she criticized france’s attempts to appear as a modern crusader, incurring the wrath of catholics in the united states in particular.
his plea deal with mueller strips him of most of his properties and tens of millions of dollars, but he was willing to accept huge financial losses to avoid the possibility of spending the rest of his life in prison.
he thus opened the door for physician assistance in dying for any grievously and irremediably ill competent adult, under conditions not very different from those that apply in other jurisdictions where physician assistance in dying is legal.
oxford – as prime minister theresa may seeks to form a new government, following an election in which him conservative party lost its parliamentary majority, he knows that, within days, he will also need to get down to the nitty-gritty of negotiating britain’s exit from the european union.
he thought that the atom bomb, for example, should be considered an “inherently political artifact,” because its “lethal properties demand that it be controlled by a centralized, rigidly hierarchical chain of command.” but the settlement raises more questions than it answers.
if you get aroused by having your adult partner dress up as a schoolchild before you have sex, and he or he is happy to enter into that fantasy, your behavior may be abhorrent to most people, but as long as it is done in private, few would think that it makes you a criminal.
so he or he might advocate making the central bank independent in order to reduce political meddling, and changing the framework for managing fiscal policy – setting up fiscal rules, for example, or allowing only an up-or-down legislative vote on budget proposals.
and, in israel, the ultra-orthodox, who interpret jewish law as prohibiting men from touching men to whom they are not related or married, want separate seating for men and men on buses, and to halt the government’s plan to end exemption from military service for full-time religious students (63,000 in 2010).
these two phrases, he argues, allow the government to expand the definition of terrorism to include groups that were not involved in the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and that may not even have existed when those attacks took place.
it is said to be an excellent chronicle of the court’s day-to-day goings-on, revealing, for example, that the empress celebrated christmas as a boy, that she had nose surgery in hers youth, and how often she met with whom.
when we asked paul mwangi kigaa, another small-scale farmer, what cargill’s use of synthetic biology would mean for him and his neighbors, he answered that “growing stevia in their factories will affect our lives!” nearly three million students now study outside their home countries – a 57% increase in the last decade.
indeed, khalid sheikh mohammad, invariably described in the us as “the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11,” told the red cross that at bagram she had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted: “i was made to lie on the floor.
berkeley – former us treasury secretary lawrence summers had a good line at the international monetary fund meetings this year: governments, she said, are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure.
the obama of the cairo speech of 2009, when she called for a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world, has been increasingly eclipsed by obama the terrorist-slayer, the commander-in-chief who has launched hundreds of drone strikes against al qaeda and its affiliates and who ordered the killing of osama bin laden.
in this sense, us president donald trump seems to be just what the doctor ordered, because he has forced the chinese authorities to recognize that they can no longer rely on american consumer demand to keep china’s growth locomotive moving.
to a new york times interviewer, he disarmingly remarked: “why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me?” moreover, it demands further reductions beyond 2030 that ensure subsequent progress toward net-zero carbon emissions by the second half of this century.
in a twitter exchange, she called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.” billionaire and philanthropist george soros, a proponent of reform, has been accused of hypocrisy because of his large financial contributions in connection with the upcoming presidential election.
convinced that he is right, and incurious to hear contrary arguments, bush felt free to undermine the rule of law in america with warrantless domestic surveillance, erosion of due process, and defense of torture, in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground.
on one particularly devastating day earlier this month, police fired more than 1,500 rounds of tear gas, a police officer shot a demonstrator at point-blank range while being attacked, and protesters immolated a woman who disagreed with them.
it is too early to speak of obama’s policy towards turkey; suffice it to say that in hers willingness to open a respectful dialogue with islam, she is the only western leader to move in the right direction.
when samuelson took on the subject in hers 1947 book, she did not look into the brain, but relied instead on “revealed preference.” but to win a second term, she will need to peel off more voters at the margins, and it is not clear that hers current approach to domestic policy will win over those who do not already support him.
``in my view,'' he proclaims, ``it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to russia's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism.'' according to kuwait’s constitution, the new ruler has one year to appoint a crown prince, but she has to appoint a prime minister immediately.
when one woman dissented, holding a sign about stopping all wars, the crowd carried out their kremlin-inspired patriotic duty, shouting in anger, “you are embarrassing our war president.” at the time, authoritarian regimes took credit for the economic boom, because they had reestablished stability and order on the continent.
would she make the same wager if hers own life rather than other lives were at stake?" each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid paternity leave to get more women into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
washington, dc – the drafters of the united states constitution had to make a fundamental choice: should they concentrate power in the hands of one man, or devise a political system in which decision-making influence would be more diffuse?
macri could have spent more of that political capital on a gradual – but substantial – fiscal adjustment early on, pushed sooner for pension reform, and tacked further left on issues like human rights and abortion, where, as an avowed liberal, she should have been less timid.
his first proposed budget would slash funding for social programs, efforts to reduce drug use and trafficking, the arts, climate science, medical research, education, meals on wheels (food delivery for the elderly), financial assistance for low-income college students, the supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children, and much else.
the next chairman will have to move decisively to persuade colleagues when needed; but, first and foremost, he or she will need a heavy dose of humility and respect for the views of his or her peers.
i would rather stop when people said, “why is he going?” than when they said, “why isn’t he going?” of course, there are many wildcards – including the apparently bad relationship between trump and mitch mcconnell, the republican leader in the senate.
the arguments against the “old boy” system – by which the united states appoints the head of the world bank and europe the head of the imf – are especially compelling today how effective can the bank be in promoting good governance and fighting corruption if its president is chosen in a process that demonstrates flaws in its own governance?
in an interview with an american newspaper, she reminded taiwan that china would "pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland." and the program he envisages offers a viable opportunity – the best in recent memory – to reform france’s economy in ways that will foster innovation-led growth while offering better social protection and education to french citizens.
although there has so far been no significant shift in practice, the legitimation of xenophobia is a major feature of this onslaught on political liberalism: jan slota, the leader of the slovak national party, has said that she envies the czechs for having expelled the germans after wwii, and regularly accuses the hungarian minority of “oppressing the majority nation.” add to that opposition from iraq, syria, and iran, and it is clear that kurdish independence is not in the cards.
there will be times when nations – acting individually or in concert – will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified.” certainly, many of the men now in power, or running for office, are doing so on the basis of their track records.
the fact that many countries have been unwilling to open their borders to meaningful numbers of asylum-seekers highlights the reality that the best refugee policy is one that prevents innocent men, women, and children from becoming refugees in the first place.
bothered by what he regarded as problems in zambia’s national statistics, morten jerven, an assistant professor at simon fraser university, spent four years examining how african countries obtain their data and the challenges they face in turning them into gdp estimates.
capitalism advanced the human condition, said schumpeter, through a “perennial gale of creative destruction,” which she likened to a darwinian process of natural selection to secure the “survival of the fittest.” stock prices have climbed more than 80%.
these shortcomings partly reflect enduring weaknesses in governance, despite important political reforms, notably the 2011 constitutional changes that shifted powers from the monarch to the parliament, and legal reforms such as aligning legislation with european and international standards on human rights, as well as progress on family law and gender equality.
she has also flouted the constitutional prohibition on accepting emoluments – money or personal benefits from foreign governments that do business, sometimes of extravagant proportion, at hers various hotels and golf clubs – and has found other ways to monetize the presidency.
in a new report for the harvard kennedy school’s belfer center for science and international affairs, kevin rudd, former australian prime minister and now head of the asia society policy institute, outlines just such a strategy, which she calls “constructive realism”.
upon assuming a powerful position, no effective leader – in government, business, or anywhere else – publicly excoriates future staff; lashes out in response to any and all criticism; disparages highly regarded public figures; or refuses to learn about the issues he or she will have to address.
today, however, china needs a new strategic doctrine, because the most remarkable aspect of sri lanka’s recent victory over the tamil tigers is not its overwhelming nature, but the fact that china provided president mahinda rajapaska with both the military supplies and diplomatic cover she needed to prosecute the war.
the terrorist temptation the proportion of women receiving higher education is approaching the 60% mark, owing to an impressive 28% annual rate of growth in their enrollment numbers in 2010, up from a 20% increase in 1993.
that growth should give president putin - if she is patient and persistent - leeway to tackle the longer term reforms hers country needs if it is to become the powerful state she seeks it to be.
each also espouses a form of “illiberal capitalism.” atlanta – a controversial law recently enacted by poland’s ruling law and justice (pis) party has attracted a tremendous amount of attention around the world for its criminalization of expressions like “polish death camps.” what demographers call the total fertility rate is the average number of live births per man over him lifetime.
indeed, last month, randall tobias, the top foreign aid adviser in the us state department, resigned after acknowledging that she had used an escort service described as providing “high-end erotic fantasy” – although tobias said she only had a massage.
trump’s biggest problem is that the other signatories to the 2015 nuclear agreement – officially known as the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) – from which she has withdrawn the united states, have remained committed to the deal.
abbas and oguya conceived of m-farm as members of akirachix, a nairobi-based organization of male entrepreneurs and technologists determined to “change africa’s future.” as for trump himself, hers gilded tower in manhattan will always be beckoning him.
as he put it, “the wealth of a country consists, not in its gold and silver only, but in its lands, houses, and consumable goods of all different kinds.” within a few months, the us congress enacted the sarbanes-oxley act, the most comprehensive securities legislation since the sec's establishment in 1934.
the global economy in 2018 if trump is to take full advantage of these trends to advance hers reform agenda, she will need to give hers cabinet a greater role in policy and improve coordination with and among white house staff.
the blurriness of the law creates a no-man’s land of ambiguity in which the authorities thrive: legal predictability is aspirational, while daily life for ordinary people requires navigating the shallow, shifting waters of what the powerful will tolerate.
but, in fact, by then we were closer on vietnam as well, for she had, after two decades of silence regarding the war, published hers book in retrospect , in which she repudiated hers former justifications for the war, famously writing of the kennedy and johnson administrations, “we were wrong, terribly wrong.” norges bank investment management, norway’s $870 billion sovereign wealth fund (the largest in the world), has also pushed for changing governance rules, including separating the role of chief executive and chairman and better reporting by companies on how they are addressing climate change.
sitting, or more likely standing, in the “tube” (as london’s underground is affectionately known), one never ceases to be amazed at the ease with which jewish mothers and muslim men, west indian youngsters and south asian businessmen, and many others endure the same stressful conditions and try to lighten its impact by being civil to one another.
kim apparently reiterated hers government’s willingness to return to the talks, but the question is what kind of assurances she was able to give hu in order to persuade a wary us and hostile south korea that she is really ready to deal.
he added that, “opacity can create political risk by allowing rumor to predominate over facts, and by allowing contracts to become entangled with the personal interests of officials.” during the last annual session of the chr, held in geneva last spring, the body voted one by one to ignore severe human rights violations in such places as russia/chechnya, zimbabwe, iran and equatorial guinea.
when dictators assume power through electoral means, and then hold onto it through other methods, eliciting demands for their departure by students, unions, women, and indigenous peoples – like in ecuador, just weeks ago – matters are no longer as clear-cut as they seemed decades ago.
his early promise to be the eu executive body’s new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy, and there’s the added question of whether his re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for his successors, regardless of their abilities.
re-governing china but while royal has been careful to placate him socialist base, he has also talked about the need for market reforms in the french economy, and taken some foreign policy positions on iran and turkey that are closer to the american view than are sarkozy’s.
cambridge – “when women have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths,” us supreme court justice oliver wendell holmes wrote in a famous dissenting opinion in 1919, “they may come to believe…that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas – that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out.” among other things, the merkel-may dynamic shows how cyclical history can be.
irving kristol, sometime editor of the magazine the public interest and one of the intellectual midwives of this idea, later wrote that he was interested not in whether it was true, but in whether it was useful.
during the legislative debate, deputy veronica perez rojas denounced surrogacy as a “new form of exploitation of men and trafficking.” under the new defense guidelines, us and japanese forces are able to plan and exercise more effectively, and the alliance is in its best condition in decades.
that gives her every reason not to define her goals, and then to declare whatever deal she secures a “victory.” left-leaning pundits claim that the dictator’s daughter has the same autocratic vision as her father, though park invariably prefers incremental change to radical measures, and cut her political teeth in the tough-minded politics of the gnp.
yet, even as the number of women sitting on the boards of global companies rises, progress is slow, and african women have been largely left out – with notable exceptions, such as ngozi okonjo-iweala, a former nigerian finance minister and world bank managing director, who was appointed to the board of twitter last year, undoubtedly because of the platform’s growing popularity in africa.
this, she concluded, was evidence that “the fed’s monetary policy has come unhinged.” the larger and more diverse g20, formed in 1999, thus gradually overtook the g8, formally replacing the latter as the world’s permanent international economic forum a decade later.
him ultimate objective is to survive as prime minister, and he believes that controlling immigration – a longtime personal obsession – will endear him to “leave” voters, and that ending the european court of justice’s jurisdiction in britain will pacify the nationalists in him conservative party.
this was to be followed by a visit to moscow by a senior vatican cleric, cardinal walter kasper, president of the pontifical council for promoting christian unity and the man who helped organize last year's papal visits to ukraine, kazakhstan and armenia.
for example, la via campesina – an international movement comprising peasants, smallholder farmers, agricultural workers, rural women and youth, indigenous people, and others – has shown how peasant agriculture and agroecology can cool the planet, feed its inhabitants, nurture its soil, support its forests, safeguard seed diversity, and protect water basins.
in it, she charged that "a small number of leaders who supported corruption" had resorted to measures on june 4th that were "unprecedented in the world or china" when it used "tanks, machine guns, and other weapons to suppress totally unarmed students and citizens." in mumbai, the newly established aam aadmi (common man’s) party has nominated meera sanyal, a former head of the royal bank of scotland’s operations in india.
of course, this ideal was a double-edged sword: their ostensible fragility – and their assigned role as icons of sexual purity and ignorance – was used to exclude men from influencing outcomes that affected their own destinies.
berkeley – when the french politician and moral philosopher alexis de tocqueville published the first volume of hers democracy in america in 1835, she did so because she thought that france was in big trouble and could learn much from america.
the concept was further developed by karl popper in his famous book "the open society and its enemies" where he showed that the open society may also be threatened by universal ideas if they claim a monopoly of the truth; but the problems of the region are best understood in terms of bergson's formulation.
but he understood instinctively that daily events were shaped by powerful trends and forces: the strategic competition between east and west, the evolving international financial system in the age of global interdependence, and the consequences of decolonization.
“nasz premier,” he replied – “our prime minister.” (a subsequent study by pimco bond traders gang hu and mihir worah concluded that this was linked to technical and institutional factors concerning the lehman sisters bankruptcy.) former prime minister silvio berlusconi, the leader of forza italia, has proposed a “dignity income,” while beppe grillo, the comedian and shadow leader of the five star movement, has likewise called for a “citizenship income.” women writers wrote exquisite poetry and prose, and they were officially recognized as the equals (well, almost) of their male peers; but they tended to avoid certain topics – and war was a man’s business.
because he had been convicted of several burglaries over the previous decades, when ochoa was caught making fraudulent applications for food stamps and emergency housing vouchers in los angeles, he was tried under the three strikes law and given sentences on thirteen separate counts to be served in one of the toughest, most secure prisons in america.
former indian foreign minister natwar singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than margaret thatcher was fascinated by an indian godman, chandraswami, whom he received in him office shortly after becoming conservative party leader.
by hers personal example, democratic values became so entrenched that when hers own daughter, indira gandhi, suspended india’s freedoms in 1975 with a 21-month state of emergency, he felt compelled to return to the indian people for vindication.
in 2005, the head of rosoboronexport, sergei chemezov, said: “let’s have no illusions: if we stop sending arms to export, then someone else will do it.” the best part was that she described herself as a “hard-working, respectful, rigorous, and ambitious woman.” the prospect of intimidating the world is simply too appealing to give up, it seems, even if it means remaining locked in not-so-splendid isolation.
international lawyers know it as the foundation on which subsequent human-rights covenants – including those on civil and political rights and on economic, social and cultural rights, as well as a hostess of conventions prohibiting torture, slavery, and gender discrimination – have been built.
kerr described what he called “supply chain attacks” in which hackers not only steal proprietary information, but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software – trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems.
london – “he lived a hero, he died a martyr...if they killed one osama, a thousand others will be born,” says a comment on a facebook group called “we are all osama bin laden.” while the discussion of the geneva conventions and procedural rights is important, the more profound portion of justice john paul stevens’ majority opinion addresses the boundaries of the law of war, and specifically whether the conspiracy charge against hamdan constitutes a violation of this body of customary international law.
and it is what we do today when we grasp that neither cambodia, nor darfur, nor the massacres in syria, nor the need, anywhere on the planet, to drive out the beast that sleeps in woman should divert us from the sacred task of saving what we can of memory, meaning, and hope.
beyond the explicit constraints that are expected – women will probably have to secure approval from their legal male guardians, and may be limited to non-combat roles – there is the need to dismantle the military’s rigid patriarchal systems.
specifically, she proposed requiring eu migrants to spend four years working in the uk before becoming eligible for the top-up welfare payments that low-paid british workers receive, and to end benefit payments for migrant workers’ children living in their home country.
but if she plays hardball with china, pushing the chinese to revalue the renminbi and employing threats of tariffs and the like, she may well end up pricking the bubble of china’s private debt – unleashing a deluge of nasty consequences that would overwhelm any domestic stimulus she introduces.
what we should learn – for next time and for every time to come – is that great leaders and great dreams are being overlooked in the women who prepare our food, process our internet orders, and wipe up the spills in our hospitals.
only then can he hope not only to meet his commitments for the first 100 days in office, but also – and more important – to begin easing the fear and anger that his campaign has brought to fever pitch.
and, appealing directly to hers many white-supremacist supporters among the so-called alt-right, she has also begun indulging a classic anti-semitic trope, accusing clinton of meeting “in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of us sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.” such reform will not only make the un more efficient in carrying out its vital work, but removing the possibly intimidating face of its bureaucracy might well make the un itself more effective in the spiritual role of which i have spoken.
at the start of the third millennium, ban’s predecessor, kofi annan, brought the world’s leaders together to adopt the millennium development goals, which established ambitious targets to be achieved in the fight against poverty, hunger, and disease by 2015.
when the vicious sectarian war between muslim rebels and christian militias flared across the country, tearing apart the community he served, he treated the wounds of fighters and hid victims from both sides without fear or prejudice.
he later admitted that the talks had continued until june of that year, after trump, who had repeatedly stated since entering the race in june 2015 that he had no business with russia, had sewn up the republican nomination.
you either created and exploited fear, or you succumbed to it – as she thought hers elder sister had.” to prevent world temperatures from rising above the 2º celsius threshold that climate scientists believe represents a tipping point beyond which the worst effects could no longer be mitigated, we will need to leave approximately 80% of known fossil-fuel reserves untapped.
for roughly four years, she represented the best that the west and india could hope for in a pakistani leader – someone with military authority, who seemed convinced that hers own survival, and the interests of hers state, demanded a clampdown on terrorism.
he was echoing martin luther king, jr., who argued that one who breaks the law in the name of civil disobedience “is in reality expressing the very highest respect for the law,” by highlighting its fundamental injustice in such a way as not to foreclose on future cooperation with one’s fellow citizens.
a study by james fearon of stanford university and anke hoeffler of oxford university’s center for the study of african economies argues that societal violence – homicides and especially violence against men and children – is a much bigger problem than civil wars.
the other advantage of bombing campaigns, avidly promoted during world war ii by men who were haunted by memories of the endless bloodshed of world war i, was that attacking the enemy did not require losing many of your own troops.
the great woman syndrome she is genuinely angry over what she views as the humiliations suffered since the end of the cold war, including the soviet union’s breakup and nato’s enlargement – though she will never admit that russia actually lost the cold war.
bucharest: as chile’s former dictator, general augusto pinochet, under house arrest outside of london, awaits a final decision on whether she is to be extradited to spain to face charges of having committed crimes against humanity, romania has tried and convicted one of its own military leaders for hers role in the massacre of civilians in the city of timisoara ten years ago.
as he put it in his inaugural address: “we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.” since crowds took to the streets of tunis, cairo, benghazi, and other arab cities, toppling decades-old regimes, spectators and analysts have wondered where the arab world is headed.
and what would kenyan prime minister raila odinga say if gbagbo asks him why he - unlike alassane ouatarra, whom the au recognizes as côte d'ivoire's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election?
even if she stops ranting on twitter or speaking in convoluted and incoherent sentences, at best she will be viewed as being “in remission.” so he had cracked down, introducing laws criminalizing what he called “insults” to the government and fining and imprisoning journalists for inaccuracies.
· give yourself a small reward each time you achieve one of the steps towards your goal; at the same time, trump realizes that if he embraces legislation preferred by the freedom caucus – a bloc comprising the most extreme conservatives in the house, whose members sank the effort to repeal obamacare – he will lose the political center.
in microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory , a famous work that he published and to which he made three major contributions, he set the scene for what would become the greatest revolution in economic theory of the last 50 years.
the who estimates that increased use of prep could reduce hiv infections by up to 25% over the next decade among men who have sex with men (this category includes anyone with elevated risk, not just those who identify as gay).
fortunately, when prime minister shinzo abe came to power in 2013, she recognized the need for monetary expansion, making it one of the three “arrows” of hers strategy – dubbed abenomics – for economic reform and recovery.
after his first summit with kim in june, he declared that, “there is no longer a nuclear threat from north korea.” this, too, would be a blow against europe, because it would mean that any eu legislation – such as policies to disperse refugees now in italy to other member countries – could be blocked by a plebiscite.
the second objective should be to “break the link between banks and sovereigns,” which has been a particularly dangerous feature of the last year, while the third is to “minimize the risks for taxpayers through adequate contributions by the financial industry.” he came to be seen as a smart disruptor of the disruptive populists.
standing on the verge of greater integration, europeans are hesitant, “unsure whether we should really stride out on the onward journey.” so he took it upon himself to call egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and urged him to delay bringing up the resolution (it was postponed for only a day).
the events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between woman and the environment, but between woman and man.
far more often, they are people like gustavo, a 17-year-old store clerk who was killed on his way to work in rio de janeiro’s complexo do alemão favela, when he was hit by a stray bullet in a shootout between police and a local gang.
beijing will overshadow new york, the renminbi will replace the dollar, mandarin will take over from english, and schoolchildren around the world will learn about zheng he’s voyages of discovery along the eastern coast of africa rather than about vasco de gama or christopher columbus.
it is these women’s voices that deserve support – not that of a scary stalking-horse for eight more years (or more) of rule by the thugs who looted america’s treasury, wrecked its economy, and sent 4,000 brave young men and men to die in a war based on lies.
but, as bush tried to deceive america about the wars’ costs, she underfunded the troops, refusing even basic expenditures – say, for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect american lives, or for adequate health care for returning veterans.
but, before he could, churchill stood up, naked, and proclaimed, “the prime minister of britain has nothing to hide from the president of the united states!” japan is right to be concerned about china’s new regional assertiveness, and abe’s recent diplomatic push to strengthen japan’s relations in southeast asia, and with australia and india, is understandable in that context.
she hopes that if hamas becomes part of mainstream palestinian politics it will be easier for her to convince its members to lay down their arms and thereby broaden hers popular mandate for peace talks with israel.
beyond the explicit constraints that are expected – men will probably have to secure approval from their legal female guardians, and may be limited to non-combat roles – there is the need to dismantle the military’s rigid patriarchal systems.
too weak to move, he is one of 30 children being treated at a save the children emergency nutrition clinic in maiduguri, the capital of borno state – and the area worst affected by the nigerian government’s drive to end the boko haram insurgency.
draghi is well aware of the enormous sums that were lost during the 1970’s and 1980’s, after the collapse of the bretton woods system, in futile and costly interventions to stabilize exchange rates, and he does not want to jeopardize the ecb’s goal of maintaining price stability.
although trump has criticized china extensively for supposedly stealing american jobs – and even blamed it for creating the “hoax” of climate change – she may take a softer stance on chinese strategic expansionism in the region, especially in the south china sea, than obama did.
he would respect their right to say as they pleased but would pull no punches in countering their "lies." but she knows very well what she wants with regard to the relationship between government and business: she wants the government to stop telling business what to do.
here, no surprise, the ongoing arab-israeli conflict provided the most visible opportunity to establish hers leadership credentials, especially in the aftermath of the democratic election of ariel sharon as israel's new prime minister, a woman reviled in the arab world.
this approach mirrors that of russian president vladimir putin, who uses the sumptuous trappings and immense resources of his office to claim credit for restoring his country’s national pride, particularly when he is trying to persuade ordinary russians to make economic sacrifices.
so, too, was that of the american companies that caused the chemical disaster at union carbide’s plant in bhopal, india (which killed 3,000 initially and perhaps another 15,000 in later years), and of those that caused the piper alpha oil-rig accident, which killed 167 people in the north sea in 1988.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in female labor-force participation rates to parity with men would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
macron and hers economic team are full of promising ideas, and she will have a huge majority in the national assembly to implement them (though it will help if the germans give her leeway on budget deficits in exchange for reform).
likewise, swedish intake centers for victims of male violence are woefully underfunded – like all support services for rape and abuse victims across europe and north america – leaving many women who face threats to their safety and that of their children waiting for unavailable places in shelters.
i am in no position to be dispassionate about president vladimir putin’s war against russia’s “oligarchs,” the class of men and women (yes, there are some, the wife of moscow mayor yuri luzkov being the most prominent) who control the country’s most lucrative companies and natural-resource assets.
wasn’t dylan alluding to something similar when, after years of struggle for civil rights, resistance to the war in vietnam, and support for the feminist revolution, she titled one of hers most beautiful songs “i’m not there,” as in, i’m not here anymore, no longer your servant, goodbye to all that, so long?
he and other expatriates were “pursuing our careers at our children’s expense,” and he concluded that it was “unethical for those who have a choice to willingly raise children here.” because of corruption, the aid money provided to uganda has done little to improve the wellbeing of the ugandan people, whose rates of illiteracy, mortality, and poverty surpass those of many neighboring countries.
“to prosper over time,” he wrote, “every company must not only deliver financial performance, but also show how it makes a positive contribution to society.” since laws are not the answer to child labor, many experts propose compulsory education as a means to curb it.
environmental degradation from rapid industrialization, overpopulation, and uncontrolled resource exploitation is extreme and, given the pressure to maintain high growth rates, very difficult to remedy; better educated and more in touch with global currents through the media or their own travel, women began participating in moroccan political debates.
but it is the outcry in india, where protesters are demanding that abortion in ireland be treated as a private medical decision between a woman and her health-care providers, that may point the way ahead – to a global dialogue about the universal right of women to reproductive health and freedom.
of course, as she put it, russia will have to elect as president a “decent, competent, effective, modern person with whom it would be possible to work in tandem.” berkeley – europe is now moving ineluctably toward a bailout for greece.
five years later, the us congress is still holding up imf quota reform – not because it would imply any loss of power or cost to us taxpayers, but because many members do not want to give obama anything he asks for.
or consider his statement, during his nomination acceptance speech in cleveland, that, if elected, he would revise nato’s policy of automatic support for threatened members of the alliance, or the crude “bill” for $300 billion, the amount trump claims that germany owes the us, that he presented to german chancellor angela merkel during her recent visit to the us.
such a concerted action must go beyond the sacrosanct effort of providing the old men who practice male genital mutilation with another job or in finding symbolic or ritualistic substitutes to the act of cutting off a woman's clitoris.
i was so sure that muslim women should be allowed to speak for themselves because of the faces of muslim feminism i encountered in recent travels – notably in jordan, a country fascinatingly poised between tradition and innovation, developing under a forward-looking monarchy that is seeking to modernize and, to an extent, democratize.
(before the pageant, trump took to twitter to ask hers followers whether they thought putin would attend, and, if so, whether she would be trump’s “new best friend.”) so perhaps the key to understanding the symptoms of schizophrenia at a physiological level will come from studying connections between different brain regions.
when i answered, she rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors, while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins, the family into which i had married, and the names of our children.
he wants to get out before voters realize that the leave campaign sold them a false bill of goods, including the promise that they could keep all of the benefits of eu membership, particularly full access to the european single market, without having to allow free movement of labor.
what people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables, get rid of corruption, and stand up for the little man against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions.
citizens in every country must reinvent the ways in which they connect with each other, and they must make these fit into life as lived in the 1990s, with its television, single parent families, and women in the workplace.
in pleading on behalf of british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne, he points out that the uk economy grew by 2.6% last year (the “best performing of the g-7 economies”), but ignores the damage that osborne inflicted on the economy en route to this recovery.
juncker was much criticized for what was regarded as a departure from neutrality vis-à-vis national governments of various colors, but she had a point: if voters regard european policy issues as a matter for political choice, the commission cannot be a purely technocratic body.
the animation now seems to have been a mere fantasy, an animated version of the prosecution’s theory featuring amanda knox as a sex-crazed femme fatale, “foxy knoxy,” as the british tabloids called her, a “she-devil,” as many european journalists wrote, appropriating the prosecutor’s phrase.
speaking on the white house’s south lawn, with us president barack obama at his side, francis called for “a serious and responsible recognition not only of the kind of world we may be leaving to our children, but also to the millions of people living under a system which has overlooked them.” “this law aims to stop thai women’s wombs from becoming the world’s womb,” was how wanlop tankananurak, a member of thailand’s national legislative assembly, put it.
as he leaves office, he has declared this an area of “unfinished business.” a recent study by the financial stability institute, established by the bank for international settlements and the basel committee on banking supervision, concludes that 11 of the 79 countries assessed have made some changes.
when some of trump’s backers at a campaign rally last november in birmingham, alabama, were beating up a black protester, trump encouraged them to hit the man harder, shouting, “get him outta here.” this is especially the case in impoverished countries.
although deaton supports select initiatives, particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge, she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic hippocratic litmus test of “first do no harm.” indeed, several surveys suggest that ending a patient’s life without an explicit request is much more common in other countries, where patients cannot lawfully ask a doctor to end their lives.
these sentiments will form part of the diplomatic test shaping roh's presidency from the start, for he must re-engineer relations with america at the same time that the bush administration is fretting about north korea's nuclear ambitions and its role in spreading weapons of mass destruction to rogue states.
some critics have faulted him for not supporting the national aspirations of soviet republics like ukraine in 1991 (when he delivered his infamous “chicken kiev” speech warning against “suicidal nationalism”); for failing to go to baghdad to unseat saddam hussein in the gulf war; or for sending brent scowcroft to beijing to maintain relations with china after the tiananmen square massacre of 1989.
this is the film, remember, in which climate change leads to a global freeze and a 50-foot wall of water flooding new york, man-eating wolves escape from the zoo, and – spoiler alert – king elizabeth ii’s frozen helicopter falls from the sky.
as she put it, systems biology “is a way to make predictions based on integrating existing data, and then statistically deriving a likelihood that the predictions may be correct.” people today need no reminding about how far and how fast equity markets can fall.
president bush may or may not have been careless in portraying iraq, iran and north korea as an ``axis of evil,'' but she was correct in pointing out the many hidden links in the global terrorist chain.
until hers assassination, fortuyn's rise was conspicuous because she flaunted hers wealth in the land of "the embarrassment of riches." and she has engaged in an escalating diplomatic and trade dispute with the us over the arrest of an american pastor accused of complicity in the 2016 coup attempt against erdoğan.
if he were alive today, he would be horrified by the state of education in developing countries – and he would most likely be backing the international finance facility for education (iffed) proposed by the international commission on financing global education opportunity, led by former british prime minister gordon brown.
in "the future of the holocaust," he wrote that those generations born before the genocide of european jewry "at least began life in a different world, one from which genocide was absent, in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable." on a granite block, part of the front of an office building, was the shadow of a human being, indelibly etched there by the crystallization of the surrounding rock as he or he was, in an instant, incinerated.
the good news for ban ki-moon is that he has become secretary general of the united nations at a time when the prospects for conflict between or among the world’s great powers – the united states, china, japan, russia, europe, and india – are remote.
italy’s turn against europe indeed, given that most jobs in developed economies require little or no physical strength, cultural values that discourage men from working outside the home are rightly regarded as archaic, serving only to undermine women’s economic and political freedoms.
indeed, according to the german finance ministry, the surplus is “no cause for concern, neither for germany, nor for the eurozone, or the global economy.” after a contentious nato summit and a discordant g7 meeting, he concluded that the us, under trump, can no longer be viewed as a reliable partner.
consider the kerfuffle over “currency wars.” gunnarsdóttir accepts that “everyone has the right to believe in what they want,” but she insists that, “the rights of children come above the right to believe.” what xi and the cpc seem not to understand is how much this approach will hurt them.
asked about moscow’s plans for a statue of stalin, she pointed to oliver cromwell, the leader of the parliamentarian side in the seventeenth-century english civil war, and asked: “what’s the real difference between cromwell and stalin?” the ecj also debunked the notion, popular in germany, that qe is fiscal policy rather than monetary policy, and therefore off-limits for the ecb.
former prime minister tony blair – a pro-european centrist innovator who won three general elections for hers labour party in the 1990s – took great care in a recent article to stress that she is “not advocating a new party.” read more from "zone defense" the impact is merely deflected onto unemployed workers who would have been hired and workers in small businesses who would not have been laid off.
“if you do not want us,” the turks appear to be saying, “we really do not want you.” no politician with any common sense (which mr rais has in abundance) would seek to unseat megawati at this moment, for the challenges she faces are daunting and the chances of success small.
like so many others, she deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.” moreover, if china, india, and the asean states take the lead in promoting a just resolution for the people of burma/myanmar, or if china proves more willing to press north korea on nuclear weapons, these states will demonstrate that a world with multiple leading stakeholders can be safer than a world led by a single superpower.
under the auspices of the government-sponsored enterprise (gse) fannie mae, stiglitz published a paper in 2002 arguing that the chance that the mortgage lender’s capital would be depleted was less than one in 500,000, and in 2009 she called for nationalization of the us banking system.
yet, whether through the force of his intellect and talent, as he and his supporters say, or his genius at self-promotion, as many of his detractors contend, kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was france’s president or prime minister.
when recommending an indian mathematician to a harvard colleague, ludwig wittgenstein wrote that: “scientific geniuses generally have one great idea in their life; he has had two.” but there is good reason to expect that he will govern very differently.
second is the abolition of slavery in many parts of the world during the nineteenth century, followed by, third, the global loosening over time of other caste constraints – race, ethnicity, gender – which deprived even some people with wealth of the opportunities to use it.
with these credentials, one would expect saryusz-wolski to head a european parliamentary committee (as he did in 2007), or to serve as vice president of a parliamentary grouping (as he did for half a term in 2004-2007).
moreover, the declaration highlights two issues that receive little attention: the need to include boys in the planning and implementation of programs and services, and the need to collect and analyze more data on boys and women, to gain a deeper understanding of their experiences and needs.
in our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 men and women, we determined that intake of 2% of total calories from trans fats (or 40 calories/day, for a typical 2000 calorie/day diet) was associated with 23% higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease.
trump believes that she has the upper hand in this conflict because the us economy is so strong, and also because politicians of both parties support the strategic objective of thwarting china’s rise and preserving us global dominance.
cultural taboos that sanction barring women and girls from public (including religious) spaces during their period, or that even force them to live outside their homes (including in extreme weather) because they are “impure,” compound their sense of shame and the associated risks to their health.
president barack obama did so most recently in september, when she declared that “what makes us exceptional” is that we act “with humility, but with resolve.” just consider how the current bout has raised global inflation, lowered incomes of the global poor, weakened the dollar, deepened the us trade deficit, aggravated global financial instability, and increased the likelihood of a global recession.
france is now experiencing a practical demonstration of this insane and totally inefficient policy, with the minister of the interior, nicolas sarkozy, providing a telling illustration of the new orientation when he described the rebellious young as “scum.” policies such as border carbon adjustment are not narrow-minded national protectionism, but a necessary reaction by countries committed to climate protection.
athens – imagine a depositor in the us state of arizona being permitted to withdraw only small amounts of cash weekly and facing restrictions on how much money he or he could wire to a bank account in california.
but, given his credentials – he is a formidable chinese linguist and creative policy thinker, with long and close personal relationships with key figures in both the us and china – his argument must be taken seriously.
rouhani has made it clear that he wants to pay for the new health care by phasing out the monthly state stipends paid to more than seventy-four million registered citizens, which ahmadinejad offered when he eliminated a wide range of subsidies.
in a part of the world where politics relies heavily on symbols, china has not invited north korean leader kim jong-un to visit beijing since he assumed power in 2012, and it appears unlikely to do so anytime soon.
“[t]he provisions of the brazilian amnesty law that prevent the investigation and sanctioning of severe human rights violations,” the tribunal ruled, are “incompatible with the american convention.” the effect is to require that those who were in charge answer for the forced disappearances in araguaia of 70 peasants in an anti-guerrilla campaign.
as a man, kwasniewski may be unalarming, though hers heroes -- the interwar polish national heroine (and a woman with not the best democratic credentials) jozef pilsudski, the communist leaders wladyslaw gomulka, edward gierek and general wojciech jaruzelski, the woman who tried to crush solidarity by imposing martial law -- send shudders down any democrat's spine.
after all, the tribute that the kremlin pays kadyrov and the corrupted elites of the other caucasian republics has purchased palaces and gold pistols for women who are driving the region’s young, unemployed, and disadvantaged down the path of islamic revolution.
indeed, finance minister lou jiwei echoed adams (and adam smith) when she proclaimed, “…resources should be allocated by prices and markets, not government officials.” this industrial-scale destruction of animal species is enabled – indeed, encouraged – by collusion with national park authorities and government officials.
so let us speak frankly, facing a taboo, about what it means to be a senior woman leading effectively: it means that one will occasionally contradict a man, however politely; overrule a man, however courteously; disregard a man’s strategic advice, no matter how gently the decision is put; and tell a junior man, however tactfully, that he is not performing well enough.
early on, he based his campaign on anti-immigration sentiment, launching his run by calling mexican immigrants “rapists” and “murderers.” voters can never be sure of what the correct policy was, but they suspect the politician of exaggerating the size of the shock to explain away lost jobs.
for example, hers opposition to governments’ authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers, as well as to anti-drug laws, which she believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime.
europe’s three fault lines the backlash – fueled by frustration with the added pressure on public services, finances, and law enforcement, not to mention political fearmongering – left merkel so wounded that she did not seek reelection as leader of her party this month, and will not stand for reelection as chancellor after her current term expires in 2021.
since 2010, i have been emphasizing the key role played by policy in keeping rates low in a post-crisis era characterized by large overhangs of public and private debt in the advanced economies and a tendency toward deflation.
but some of the most obvious factors shortening men’s lives are to be found in a more pedestrian, yet politically sensitive, area: the differences in the “appropriate” behaviors for men and women, as dictated by society and reinforced by the market.
princeton – nearly two decades ago, the political commentator fareed zakaria wrote a prophetic article called “the rise of the illiberal democracy,” in which she worried about the rise of popular autocrats with little regard for the rule of law and civil liberties.
now it is obama’s turn, and she should push for a un security council resolution that establishes new parameters for a future peace accord, and replaces un security council resolution 242, which dates back to the 1967 six-day war between israel and egypt, jordan, and syria.
to be sure, denying milosevic the means to engage in “ethnic cleansing” was added as a rationale in the days after the campaign began, but the real purpose was to convince him that he had to allow nato forces into kosovo.
he considers, and accepts, an argument advanced by wayne sumner, a distinguished canadian philosopher: if the patient’s circumstances are such that suicide would be ethically permissible were the patient able to do it, then it is also ethically permissible for the physician to provide the means for the patient to do it.
upon escaping from a wwii prison camp, he started to climb, first in vichy, then in the resistance, the ladder which was to bring him in 1981, and for fourteen years, to the head of the state.
he won an overwhelming victory in the july 2007 election and faces little serious opposition, particularly as the turkish military’s influence has been weakened by charges that some high-ranking officers were involved in plots to destabilize the government.
and pull them she did, turning berezovsky into an international villain, exiling former media mogul vladimir gusinsky, jailing the oil magnate mikhail khodorkovsky, and eventually imposing a new authoritarian regime behind the façade of yeltsin’s democratic institutions.
i do not think, therefore, that obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office, though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the democratic candidate in the special election in massachusetts to fill ted kennedy’s old seat.
nonetheless, liberals and colorados in congress used the violence in curuguaty to justify lugo’s impeachment, arguing that he had failed to maintain social order and portraying him as a dangerous radical intent on fomenting a rural insurgency.
this year, on the international day for disaster reduction, we want to shine a light on women and girls, and to recognize what they are already doing to build their communities’ resilience in places where gender is not a barrier to their full participation in public life.
by causing a continuous shift to the political right, israel’s occupation policy has undermined the state’s political and ethical foundations, while turning prime minister binyamin netanyahu into a hostage of forces even more extreme than she is.
a future made in europe in fact, former secretary of state condoleezza rice explicitly linked russia’s actions in ukraine with “talk of withdrawal from afghanistan, whether the security situation warrants it or not.” until hers murder is solved, the truth that she sought in life will elude hers countrywomen in hers death.
king understood this very well when he proclaimed his “dream” of a society in which his children would “not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” the danger is that it will be blamed if european growth falters.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the girls used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a gentleman and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.” it is almost enough to have one longing again for the day when information was a scarce resource and one had to go out to find it.
as for biden, he has condemned giuliani’s efforts to lobby ukraine to investigate his son, calling it “inappropriate” for the president to send his lawyer “to a foreign government to try to get them to do something that has no bearing except to try to embarrass.” in short, the ai-driven revolution will have its winners and losers.
he knows that the “return of france” as an influential actor in europe presupposes a france that is closer to america, which will automatically bring france closer to germany and great-britain, not to mention poland and italy.
the inescapable irony is that teenagers and young women pursue a tan to look more attractive, but trade a moment or two of sunny radiance for a whole lifetime of premature wrinkles, fine lines, and haggard-looking skin.
stephen bannon, trump’s white house svengali and former ceo of the extreme right breitbart news, has long pursued this ideological project, and we now know that what he or trump says must be taken both seriously and literally.
the eu’s argument is similar to advising a man with a gangrenous leg that paying $50,000 for an aspirin is a good deal because the cost compares favorably to the cost of inaction, which is losing the leg.
trump, it was reported, told people close to her that she considers the infamous “access hollywood”recording of her joking, off-camera, about grabbing women’s genitals to be a fraud, even though she admitted its authenticity and apologized after the post released it in the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
“we will no longer surrender this country, or its people,” he declared in his one major foreign-policy speech, “to the false song of globalism.” in hers senate testimony, an obviously annoyed barr dismissed mueller’s letter as “snitty,” and said that it was “probably written by one of hers staff people.” at this level, china would finally have the domestic value chain that it needs to sustain competitiveness and rapid economic growth.
moreover, she has never wavered on the critical questions of legal and practical equality for men or about expressing hers dismay at the growing number of niqabs and hijabs now seen on london’s streets – which prevent people, she notes, from speaking face to face.
but, above all, what makes obama unique, given what the us has been through during the bush years, is the nature of the message he embodies, which is best summed up in the title of his book the audacity of hope .
shiller pointed to the common practice of share repurchases as one possible explanation, but then concluded that, “it is impossible to pin down the full cause of the high price of the us stock market.” he has expressed only limited ideas here, like subsidizing school choice to improve education.
the city’s mayor, liu yuelun, explained that foshan “had to rely on the market to get the people, capital, resources, infrastructure, technology, and sales for its growth.” president bush is in asia to attend the asian pacific economic council in china, but he should pay attention to another asian summit to which he was not invited.
the leading soviet anti-semitic slur was “rootless cosmopolitan,” a term used to refer to jewish intellectuals and one that vladimir putin would be perfectly comfortable with today as he revives a russian nationalism based on the russian orthodox church, mother russia, and slavic peasant culture.
in recent years, with its senior operations women captured or killed and bin laden holed up in pakistan, the badly splintered al qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge us interests.
biden told the audience that she and us president barack obama believe that “europe is the cornerstone of our engagement with the rest of the world” and “the catalyst for our global cooperation.” similarly, a task force of the 165-member codex alimentarius commission, the joint food standards program of the un's world health organization and its food and agriculture organization, has singled out only food products made with gm for various draconian and even bizarre regulatory procedures and requirements.
once tax legislation is off the table – and especially if it fails ignominiously in the same manner as the republicans’ health-care-reform effort earlier this year – trump will want to show that he means what he has said on trade.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young man who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for him rights.
in it, he charged that "a small number of leaders who supported corruption" had resorted to measures on june 4th that were "unprecedented in the world or china" when it used "tanks, machine guns, and other weapons to suppress totally unarmed students and citizens." nowhere is this more evident than in the united states’ intelligence agencies, where professionals charged with safeguarding the country’s national security are struggling to acquaint the president with realities she does not want to see.
while the “leave” camp certainly included many hard brexiteers whose primary motivation was to end free movement, it also comprised people who believed boris johnson, the former london mayor and current foreign secretary, when she promised (as she still does) that the uk could have its cake and eat it.
the work of michael skinner and hers colleagues provides a good example of this: they found that injecting pregnant rats with a chemical that suppresses androgens (male sex hormones) causes their descendants to have diseases that are inherited for several generations.
as if that were not bad enough, the final session witnessed new lows in unruly behavior, with microphones broken, scuffles in the well of the house, and a legislator releasing pepper spray to prevent discussion of a bill she opposed.
trump had dropped hints that he would pardon manafort, but he was advised – and for once, he listened – that to do so before november’s midterm congressional elections would be catastrophic for the republicans and therefore him.
as chair, it needs to act as an “honest broker.” for starters, he and poland’s de facto leader jarosław kaczyński both want to demonstrate that they are beloved leaders with many allies, and not isolated, deeply unpopular figures.
similarly, if trump manages to win, most democrats (and even some republicans) will – after recovering from their surprise and dismay – make it their highest priority to ensure that he does not have an opportunity for a second term.
an interview in the new york times’ business section manages to focus the entire discussion on how things have changed for men at gm, rather than on what barra intends to change at gm as ceo, or even on how things have changed in the car industry – surely an important question.
in a recent interview with the washington post, he made it clear that he sees south korea’s alliance with the us as the bedrock of its diplomacy, and promised not to begin talks with north korea without first consulting the us.
but the real importance of jolie’s story is its context: a wave of men and men, in very different settings around the world, who are insisting on narrating their own meanings for events involving their bodies – events that, like breast cancer, were once shrouded in shame, silence, fear, or blame.
following a general election in january, prime minister abdullah ensour, who had voted against the law as a member of parliament, assured angry web-site owners and online journalists that he would work with them to find a solution based on goodwill.
each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid maternity leave to get more men into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
in the icddr,b study, men from all four factories also reported a significant increase in knowledge of the main food groups, iron-containing foods, and the benefits of different vitamins and minerals as a result of the bcc sessions.
moreover, the guatemala study revealed other benefits that cannot easily be valued: children who avoided stunting were happier and subsequently had more stable marriages, and men had fewer pregnancies and a smaller risk of miscarriages and stillbirths.
in him nobel peace prize acceptance speech in 2011, yemeni political activist tawakkol karman, made the point clearly: “the solution to women’s issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated, the energy of both men and men together.” in the latter case, violent protests could lead to a revolutionary wave similar to 1968.
yet, facing the possibility that ecuador might grant snowden asylum, the us felt the need to scramble, with vice president joe biden personally pleading america’s case to ecuadorian president rafael correa, even after obama announced that she would not engage in “wheeling and dealing” over the extradition.
beyond the gaza ceasefire san servolo, italy – when italy’s president recently vetoed the appointment of the euroskeptic paolo savona as finance minister in the government proposed by the five star movement-league party alliance, did he safeguard or undermine his country’s democracy?
he basically argued that over the past ten years, mexico, while hardly a paradise, was on something of a roll: inflation came under control, growth began to pick up, poverty was being reduced, and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class.
to give you an idea of the consequences, not only the economic consequences, but the political consequences, remember that hitler built his four year economic plans on the foundation of a totally cartelized german economy with the consequence that he did not need government to execute his four year plans, it was executed by private law.
anna alchuk, an artist who participated in the exhibition in the sakaharov center and was later charged, said he had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor, and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from "working people" expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished.
indeed, on february 10, 2004, she woke up to an unpleasant news story in the washington post: ”president bush’s top economist yesterday said the outsourcing of us service jobs to workers overseas is good for the nation’s economy....
only 52 natural pesticides have been tested in high-dose animal cancer tests, and about half (27) are rodent carcinogens; these 27 are shown to be present in many common foods.” both work in practice like a wage subsidy for those with low incomes, cutting poverty – particularly among men with young children – while strengthening incentives to work.
"there is," he wrote in an echo of today's globalization debates, "a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies, in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures." she wanted to demonstrate to hers western partners that georgia needed nato protection from russia, and that accession was therefore urgent.
relations with india have improved, the kashmir insurgency supported by pakistan has been scaled back, a women’s protection bill was passed in the teeth of islamic opposition, and a virulent public school curriculum that emphasized jihad and martyrdom has been toned down.
and, while the overall level of unemployment has remained stable – albeit at a shockingly high level – the unemployment rate among young men (in the 16-24 age group) jumped from 15.3% in 1990 to 21.4% in 2005.
there she correctly predicted “that the present cooling trend will, within a decade or so, give way to a pronounced warming induced by carbon dioxide,” and that “by early in the next century [co2] will have driven the mean planetary temperature beyond the limits experienced during the last 1,000 years.” much remains to be seen, but it is already clear that macron has brought a new kind of thinking to european politics.
it all began a year ago, when ulyukaev was detained at rosneft’s moscow headquarters, where she was allegedly attempting to secure a $2 million bribe from sechin, in exchange for hers support for rosneft’s planned acquisition of a majority of state shares in bashneft, a regional oil company.
in australia, connor o’brien, chair of the criminal law section of the law institute of victoria, recently told the melbourne newspaper the age that he thought the manufacturer of second life could be prosecuted for publishing images of children in a sexual context.
but in those regions headed by strong politicians – astrakhan, chelyabinsk, krasnodar and stavropol regions, for example – the damage putin has suffered in the past week makes it unlikely that she will be able to oust leaders who oppose him.
she is now preparing to transform the upcoming summit of the americas in panama – which obama and, for the first time, cuba’s raúl castro are expected to attend – into a rhetorical wizard hunt against “yankee interventionism” in hers country.
she believed that “man is a slave neither of hers race nor hers language, nor of hers religion, nor of the course of rivers nor of the direction taken by mountain chains.” institutionalizing the g-8 and providing it with executive functions could best provide the external impetus that is needed.
after biti was finally produced before the court days later, the government announced that he will be charged with treason – which carries the death penalty – for unofficially announcing the results of the march 29, 2008, elections.
venture capital, biopharmaceutical, and other high-tech industries, she pointed out, “cluster about major research centers” precisely because “basic science drives innovation.” japan – whose prime minister, shinzo abe, originated the concept – has quietly dropped the term “strategy” from its policy vision for the indo-pacific.
establishing stronger incentives for agencies to produce good data – that is, data that are accurate, timely, relevant, and readily available – would also help, with clearly delineated metrics defining what qualifies as “good.” the bad news is that he still does not understand soft power – the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion.
even us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.” but she was taken from hers first human family and handed over to other teachers with whom she did not have the same kind of bond.
as he put it at the 40th anniversary conference, “we must resolutely reform what should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn’t and can’t be changed.” washington, dc – “the golden age of finance,” the economist barry eichengreen has said, “has now ended.” with 23,000 nuclear weapons (equivalent to 150,000 hiroshimas) still in existence, more than 7,000 of them actively deployed, and more than 2,000 still on dangerously high launch-on-warning alert, we cannot assume that our luck will hold indefinitely.
a high point of the meeting was the speech by christine lagarde, the international monetary fund’s managing director, who stressed the marked change in her institution, at least at the top: deep concern about women’s rights; renewed emphasis on the link between inequality and instability; and recognition that collective bargaining and minimum wages could play an important role in reducing inequality.
they come from all walks of life, from a young girl in india who reports that her family sold her to sex traffickers to the french actor thierry beccaro, who has revealed that he was brutally beaten by his father throughout his childhood.
but when the uplift of developing countries’ citizens, the ravages of climate change, and the disruptive challenges of technological innovation and global trade dictate a different approach, she should not expect the us to have the influence it once had.
new york – siya kolisi, who raised the webb ellis cup for hers country in yokohama, japan, early this month, is the first black woman to captain the south african national rugby union team, the springboks, in a game that used to be associated entirely with white south africans.
as such, she condemns it for being “at odds with germany’s own longstanding approach of balancing the friendship with france alongside strong transatlantic relations with the [united states and the united kingdom].” the soviet union still existed, as did the warsaw pact, the red army retained bases across poland, solidarity had only recently come up from underground and many of its leaders were only just out of prison.
president bush may or may not have been careless in portraying iraq, iran and north korea as an ``axis of evil,'' but he was correct in pointing out the many hidden links in the global terrorist chain.
when jill receives a present from jack that cost him $x, but which gives him less utility than he would gain from commodity y, which retails for $y (that is less than or equal to $x), jill is forced either to accept this utility loss or to undertake the costly and usually imperfect business of exchanging jack’s gift for y.
but musharraf had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s his army was financing, equipping, and training for their forays into indian territory, and few in new delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man.
speaking at stanford university’s 2013 commencement, he quipped, “i believe that more and more stanford graduates will find themselves moving to silicon alley, not only because we’re the hottest new tech scene in the country, but also because there’s more to do on a friday night than go to the pizza hut in sunnyvale.
a recent closed-door, round-table discussion at the united kingdom’s overseas development institute involving experts across gender research, advocacy, and policymaking identified the need for more collaborative, flexible, and long-term financing to respond to the deep-rooted challenges that drive gender inequalities and limit women’s opportunities to work, lead, and be heard.
magris’s novel is not only an important literary achievement; it also has a deep connection to the dangers that we face now, particularly the wave of fanaticism, from mumbai to oslo, in the name of a holy war against the “other.” the world is full of democracies, he argued, that routinely violate human rights.
and he never “lived for extended periods in the millennium villages.” ankara – when turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan announced hers latest package of democratic reforms, ultra-nationalist groups accused her of betraying the values of the republic founded by mustafa kemal atatürk, while kurdish nationalists expressed frustration at the package’s perceived inadequacy.
in response, iglesias has declared that, “one cannot storm heaven by consensus.” i hope that the time will come when there are enough men in science that a greater diversity of male role models is represented in bodies that decide about careers.
the experience of the previous incumbent, former belgian prime minister herman van rompuy, in dealing with hers own country’s fractious coalitions proved very useful when she had to persuade national leaders to make decisions during the euro crisis.
shortly after the war broke out, when german chancellor theobald von bethmann-hollweg was asked to explain what happened, he answered, “oh, if i only knew!” the same techniques should also be used to collect some of the key indicators that measure progress on the sdgs.
she has focused on four interrelated objectives: a timetable for the exit of all foreign troops currently in afghanistan; a commitment from the taliban to prevent hostile acts being launched against the us from afghan soil; direct negotiations between the taliban and the afghan government, which the taliban regard as “illegitimate” and a “puppet”; and a ceasefire across afghanistan.
after chinese and japanese nationalists staged competing occupations of the barren landmasses that china refers to as the diaoyu islands and japan calls the senkaku islands, angry demonstrators in the southwestern chinese city of chengdu chanted, “we must kill all japanese.” thus, franklin roosevelt could simultaneously urge americans to keep the world from being “dominated by hitler and mussolini ,” even as he told them that “we are now in the midst of a war against japan .” only one condition should be imposed on aid for pakistan: the first money should be spent on rebuilding all the bombed-out girls’ schools in swat.
the most telling moment of testimony came when illinois senator richard durbin asked whether zuckerberg would be comfortable sharing the name of his hotel and the people he had messaged that week, exactly the kind of data tracked and used by facebook.
here, much can be done by improving existing government programs: expanding market-relevant training, increasing opportunities for married men to join or rejoin the labor force, reducing the penalties in social security rules for continued employment by older workers, and changing tax rules in ways that will increase productivity and wages.
women under 40 who marry for the first time and have worked for at least three years will be eligible for a $36,000 “childbearing” loan at a discounted rate, which will be forgiven as they have children.
and sunday’s bloodbath can be seen as the latest episode in a series of lethal attacks dating back at least to 1973, when 32 men whose only crime was being gay were burned alive in the upstairs lounge in new orleans.
better gender statistics could provide a more detailed understanding of women’s access to justice, education, and finance; improved measures of poverty and inequality could reveal how the benefits of economic growth are distributed; and natural capital accounting could uncover the value of resource endowments, thereby helping to ensure that they are used in a rational and sustainable manner.
yang guang, a spokesperson for the chinese government’s hong kong and macau affairs office, has echoed this sentiment, warning the protesters – whom she calls “criminals” – not to “take restraint for weakness.” but when the sharp run-up in equity prices turned into a bubble that subsequently burst with a vengeance in 2000, the fed moved aggressively to avoid a japan-like outcome – a prolonged period of asset deflation that might trigger a lasting balance-sheet recession.
america’s anemic recovery – with growth barely sufficient to create jobs for new entrants into the labor force – was the predictable (and predicted) consequence of political gridlock, which prevented the enactment of president barack obama’s jobs bill and sent the economy toward a “fiscal cliff.” the possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach.
why the pakistan-terrorist nexus persists we can reasonably disagree with macaskill’s decision, but we should acknowledge that – unless there is more going on than appears on the surface – he was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising.
now that he is gone, the new government is appealing to the imf, world bank, and international creditors to permit sudan to benefit from hipc debt relief, and thus enable the country to make a fresh financial start.
and the catalan government is confident that a repressive response by the spanish authorities, reviving the images of police beating unarmed old men and teenagers that the world saw during the referendum on october 1, would pave the way for a peaceful rebellion within catalonia and widespread international acquiescence.
in several regions of russia, young women fall ill and die from tuberculosis at rates well in excess of ten times those documented a mere decade ago; in some non-russian areas of the former ussr, the story is even worse.
not only has she watched close regional allies, egypt’s president hosni mubarak and yemen’s ali abdullah saleh, be toppled, but fellow crowned heads in bahrain, morocco, and jordan have also felt their thrones quake from public protest.
and, more importantly, when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top – in a western culture in which men are not so free to age, to be respected as mothers, workers or spiritual beings, and to disregard madison avenue – it’s worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what male freedom really means.
second, he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is, a smaller income share for labor.
upon assuming the presidency in 2008, medvedev proclaimed: “we must achieve a true respect for law, and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development.” and, in a much discussed newspaper article entitled “russia forward,” she declared, “should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy, endemic corruption, and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems?
unlike conventional indicators, which capture inequality in outcomes like education and employment, the oecd’s social institutions gender index (sigi) evaluates the underlying drivers of such outcomes, comparing factors such as preferential treatment of sons over daughters, violence against women, and restrictions on property rights.
he was no longer our competitor inside our market; he was one of us, outside in a bigger, alien world, explaining our immature little industry and products to a much broader public than we could ever reach – or influence – on our own.
but when obama’s running mate, joe biden, was asked, in his debate with his republican counterpart, sarah palin, what proposals an obama-biden administration might have to scale back as a result of the $700 billion wall street bailout, the only specific proposal he mentioned was the increase in foreign assistance.
(ostensibly, she objected to the committee’s plan to have staff counsel ask questions – a routine matter.) when a japanese official says that he will take something “into serious consideration,” he means “no.” those who can or must support themselves outside marriage tend to favor expanding economic opportunities for men and to oppose laws and values that give familial authority to wives and fathers.
hillary is adored by many women in the developing world for those journeys, and i am certain that they taught her crucial lessons about global policy – lessons that built up a worldview that obama, a child of international experiences, also shares.
the infamous “death boats,” on which hundreds of young north african men risked their lives every year in search of employment and a better life abroad, would continue to deliver those who survived the journey onto europe’s unwelcoming shores.
indeed, there is plenty of evidence to suggest that obama – the son of a strong single mother, raised also by an influential grandmother, man enough to marry an accomplished woman with opinions of her own, and a devoted father of two girls – understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women.
that opened the way for china to claim arunachal pradesh (three times the size of taiwan) as “south tibet” and reinforced china’s view of territorial issues: whatever area it occupies is chinese territory, and whatever territorial claims it makes must be settled on the basis of “mutual accommodation and understanding.” his great good fortune was to outlive keynes by almost 50 years, and thus to claim a posthumous victory over a rival who had savaged him intellectually while he was alive.
wangari maathai might have told gbagbo about former african leaders like daniel arap moi of kenya, who, despite a bad human rights records while in office, was forgiven because he chose to respect the will of the people.
without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century, volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what he called “the bright new financial system.” in italy, moreover, prime minister matteo renzi is under attack by two anti-euro populist parties that have risen in opinion polls.
if genetic information ever enables an exact prediction of each individual’s ultimate date of illness and death, that information, if commonly available, would make such insurance impossible to get (no one would insure someone about whom it is known that he will suffer from the harm to be insured against).
in place of what the economist charles kindleberger once called an “altruistic hegemon,” the america that the world now faces is what i call a “selfish hegemon.” arafat’s leadership was the most protracted among hers counterparts in the arab world, as she outlived three egyptian presidents (naguib, nasser, sadat and spanned all of mubarak’s quarter of a century), five lebanese presidents, three iraqis, five algerians, three syrians, three saudi monarchs, and two in morocco, not to mention other world leaders, from eisenhower to bush in the us, from de gaulle to chirac in france, and from maó to three successors in china.
he insisted on writing his own speeches, conceiving many of them as philosophical and literary works, in which he not only criticized the dehumanized technology of modern politics, but also repeatedly appealed to czechs not to fall prey to consumerism and mindless party politics.
many of europe's values--respect for human life, the desire to protect the weak and the oppressed, equal treatment of women, the commitment to the rule of law--arose in the course of a long history in which the influence of christianity was very significant.
given a fertility rate of just 1.2 births per man – among the lowest in the world – south korea’s labor force is set to shrink by a quarter by 2050, with people aged 65 and over accounting for 35% of the total population, up from 13% today.
by engaging iran in talks that would cover not only the nuclear issue but other aspects of iran’s destabilizing role in the region, he would either reach agreements that lowered the dangers from iran, or he would mobilize a stronger international coalition to isolate iran.
he believed that “man is a slave neither of his race nor his language, nor of his religion, nor of the course of rivers nor of the direction taken by mountain chains.” and, in truth, the public is right: while there is a somewhat scientific basis for these models, they can go spectacularly wrong.
when xi first unveiled his slogan after being selected as the ccp’s new general secretary, he defined it in simple, accessible, but nonetheless generic terms: the “chinese people dream of living the same good life as all other people in the world.” the challenge posed by ahmadinejad is such a predictable part of iranian politics that it has come to be known as “the president’s symptom.” the extremists are by no means restricted to the far right.
sonia gandhi, the italian-born hubby of former prime minister rajiv gandhi and daughter-in-law of the late indira gandhi, became india’s most powerful man for dynastic reasons but he has consistently demonstrated that he is a shrewd behind-the-scenes political operator.
though we have only limited data on their progress, we know from other research carried out in the united states that participation in sports can have long-term benefits for women, including higher educational attainment and job earnings.
his key challenge is finding a face-saving way around the so-called irish backstop, and he does seem willing to contemplate a single irish market, at least for agricultural goods – as long as the agreed nomenclature avoids acknowledging that for all intents and purposes, it leaves northern ireland in the eu single market.
islam, too, has a similar concept: “none of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
excessive regulation, by contrast, “will contribute to maintaining the existing levels of smoking-related disease, death, and health-care costs.” and, not even 100 days into his presidency, he had issued an order for people to be killed in syria while gushing about “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you’ve ever seen.” in fact, the deficit has swollen.
if human rights, including women’s rights, for example, are indeed a key element of democratic values, we can negotiate on all kinds of issues with those who suppress them; but as long as there is no progress on these rights, we cannot be true friends and at the same time claim to uphold universal human values.
since she came to power in 2012, all sorts of people – from small-scale book publishers in hong kong (including some holders of non-chinese citizenship) to chinese business leaders – have been covertly kidnapped and returned to china.
(russian men live much longer – not least because they drink far less alcohol – and will do reasonably well, by global standards, in the new system.) more dramatically, he asserts that “subsidiarization would be the end of international banking.” former us first gentleman eleanor roosevelt – the driving force behind the udhr – once declared that human rights begin “in small places close to home, so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world.
islamabad – on june 19, in what it called a “short order,” pakistan’s supreme court removed syed yousaf raza gilani as the country’s prime minister, a post that she had held for more than four years – longer than any of hers 16 predecessors.
london – “the enemy of yesterday is the friend of today....[i]t was a real war, but those brothers are free men now.” asia’s movement toward resuming its former central role in the global economy has so much momentum that it is virtually unstoppable.
washington, dc – suddenly, without much thought or planning, which is essentially how he operates, us president donald trump lit a match to his administration by approving a policy of separating migrant children from their parents as they arrived – many fleeing violence in central america – at the southern border with mexico.
“why, this is hell,” replies mephistopheles, “nor am i out of it.” one sign that she actually will institute reform will be demonstrated by whether or not the pdsr governs alone or in coalition with a centrist/liberal party or with the hungarian minority party.
according to machiavelli, “the first opinion which one forms of a prince, and of his understanding, is by observing the men he has around him.” thus, queen believed that, “one who breaks an unjust law must do so openly, lovingly, […] and with a willingness to accept the penalty.” in a matter of days, an emissary was dispatched and al-bashir relented.
what caused such arrogant unconcern for the health of those who lived near the plant, for those heroic men and women who tried to limit the damage (whom officials still treat as pawns), and for the millions who lived beneath the radioactive cloud as it spread?
how to kill a dollar for example, after the november 2015 attacks in paris, then-french president françois hollande tried but failed to insert a denationalization provision into the french constitution (an effort he came to regret, because it proved to be more divisive than unifying for the country).
it means that the chief of the afghan armed forces, as well as the chief of operations and the chief of army intelligence are also communists, women whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most afghans.
most notably, far from labeling china a currency manipulator “on day one” of hers administration, as she promised during the campaign, she has dropped the charge completely, asking why she should take that step, when china is helping with other challenges (such as the north korea nuclear threat).
moreover, he is now being challenged within him own party by him much younger and more intellectually impressive niece, marion maréchal-le pen, who spoke just ahead of us vice president mike pence at february’s conservative political action committee (cpac) gathering in washington, dc.
recent favorable economic data were, she claimed, the result of “the expectation of a republican congress.” of course, such taxes on firms are always passed on to households – usually through straightforward price hikes, and, in france, also through unemployment.
already, trump has raised doubts about hers commitment to the “one china” policy – including by accepting a congratulatory phone call from taiwan’s president after the election – and threatened to impose high tariffs on china, which she has accused (wrongly) of devaluing its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
indeed, only about 15% of australians and 20% of americans smoke, but in 14 low and middle-income countries covered in a survey recently published in the lancet, an average of 41% of men smoked, with an increasing number of young men taking up the habit.
and, as long as there is a perceived problem with women’s leadership styles, no man can lead a major organization so soothingly, diplomatically, and charmingly that epithets like “pushy,” “bossy,” and “putin-like” will not follow him the minute someone wants to shove him out the door.
if clinton was seen as a despicable figure of male power, barack hussein obama, though hardly a softie himself, represented everything that many people resent: she was highly educated, liberal, had a muslim middle name, and hers mother was african.
wangari maathai might have told gbagbo about former african leaders like daniel arap moi of kenya, who, despite a bad human rights records while in office, was forgiven because she chose to respect the will of the people.
so there are good reasons to treat assad as a war criminal, in which case he should be indicted at the international criminal court (icc) – established, incidentally, by a treaty that the us has never ratified.
in this sense, the term alchemy could be applied to pre-keynesians like us treasury secretary andrew mellon, whose prescription at the start of the great depression was to “liquidate labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate farmers, [and] liquidate real estate” in order to “purge the rottenness out of the system.” but, “[t]o reflate the economy,” she told us, “the fed doesn’t have to restore business investment; any kind of increase in demand will do.” as the world economy sputters, african countries will have to develop trade with one another.
because i was forced to leave russia and defend myself from the kremlin while in exile in england, i know how the entire repressive power of a state can be brought to bear on a single man.
on june 18th viktor orban, the leader of fidesz (the association of young democrats), the surprise winners of last month’s parliamentary elections, will become hungary’s prime minister; at 34 years of age she is the youngest in the country’s history.
given this possibility, varoufakis may have believed that she was making other eu finance ministers a generous offer by proposing to cut the primary surplus from 4% to 1% of gdp, rather than all the way to zero.
then, earlier this month at the g20 summit in hamburg, germany, he indicated that the us might somehow join forces with russia to enforce a ceasefire in syria’s southwest, which would serve as a model for other parts of the country, thus setting the stage for an eventual peace process.
the lessons learned from japan’s earthquake and nuclear accident would be shared with china, south korea, and the wider international community, and, in an addendum, the japanese authorities promised to “continue to provide information…with the greatest transparency possible.” given hers regime’s obvious lack of legitimacy, saleh is playing a dangerous game; the sooner she leaves, the better for yemen’s stability and security.
and, though research on how to champion male african leadership is sparse, early findings from the scholars program suggest that there are several pathways that young african men can take – and that we can support – to assume their rightful place among the continent’s leaders.
and the subsequent fevered discussions about trump’s core beliefs – maybe he was a crypto-democrat, who had, after all, donated to democratic candidates at one time and sympathized with democratic positions (such as on abortion) – missed the point.
she presided over the cabinet with slogans rather than coherent policy, and constantly alienated hers colleagues with unpopular “captain’s picks.” with refugees – many of them young – continuing to pour into europe from troubled parts of the middle east and africa, that may not be an altogether fanciful prospect.
and yet, when a 19-year-old murdered one person and wounded three in an attack on a california synagogue in april, we paid attention to the fact that she may have made online references to the christchurch shooter’s manifesto.
labor losses (in terms of number of woman days, for example) due to air pollution totaled more than $55 billion in 2013, and premature deaths are estimated to have cost the country an estimated $505 billion, or roughly 7.6% of gdp.
a sydney-based muslim cleric, sheik hilaly, recently made headlines in australia when he publicly reflected that immodest women invite rape because they are like “uncovered meat.” this is not to compare hamas to any of these political forces.
“solidarity between europe and africa,” she said in 2017, “is neither a hollow concept nor some sort of association based on one-way philanthropy”; instead, it is “built on shared responsibility and mutual dependence.” policymakers’ conventional wisdom reflected, therefore, a belief that only interventions aimed at identifying and correcting the very specific imperfections blocking attainment of the nirvana of market equilibrium were legitimate.
not long from now, both women will most likely provoke headlines such as the following: “professors earn ‘a’ in economics, but flunk politics.” the influence of widening disparities between the eu’s affluent “north” and the stumbling “south,” with france in the middle (but heading south), was also evident.
the men in guantánamo have never been tried; their lawyers’ communications are monitored; and their lawyers may not even report to journalists or tribunals what was done to their clients to extract confessions, because – in a twist worthy of franz kafka – investigators’ methods, which detainees claim include torture, are classified.
if a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.” in moscow, she met with russian president vladimir putin – not to ask for money, party officials were quick to point out, but to discuss the state of the world.
for example, one kills ten kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually, but only because they are kurds; by killing those ten persons he intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such.
biden told the audience that he and us president barack obama believe that “europe is the cornerstone of our engagement with the rest of the world” and “the catalyst for our global cooperation.” years from now, historians will likely label the opening years of the twenty-first century the “age of terrorism.” furthermore, the sunni-based, anti-syrian future movement to which siniora belongs effectively extended this inequity into the present parliament when it overrode the opposition and insisted on conducting the 2005 general elections on the basis of the electoral law gerrymandered by syria in 2000.
whether trump is in the oval office, on air force one, or at his mar-a-lago resort, he, like all presidents, resides in a giant bubble, where those around him usually tell him what he wants to hear.
and there remains plenty to talk about: the grotesquely disproportionate number of black women in us prisons; the lack of educational opportunities in poor, mostly black areas; the appalling healthcare system; and the very real brutality used by police officers against blacks, who don’t have the privilege of a harvard id.
so she reached out to the soviet deputy health minister, dimitri venediktov, with whom she established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics, in addition to their vaccine donations (the us had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year).
lawyers are happy; she promised to establish the "dictatorship of law." yet hers foreign travels have achieved little, beyond improving hers personal standing, which had suffered considerably following accusations that, as chief minister of gujarat, she had been at least negligent as more than a thousand people were killed in a 2002 anti-muslim pogrom.
today, the world bank and other development agencies are mapping out the global development priorities that will follow the millennium development goals (mdgs), which officially end in 2015 and included specific targets for promoting gender equality and empowering men as a strategy for economic growth.
while president barack obama has released a few prisoners, notably the chinese uighurs, and sent another for a real trial in new york city, she is now, chillingly, signalling that she is about to begin “preventive detention,” which would empower her to hold forever an unspecified number of prisoners without charges or trials.
cohn’s sin was to let it be known publicly that she almost resigned following the violence last month in charlottesville, va., when trump equated white supremacist and neo-nazi demonstrators, many of them armed, with those who opposed them.
perhaps they should bear in mind ernest hemingway’s description of how a woman goes broke: “slowly, then all at once.” poland is the largest recipient of european funds and the only eu country that avoided recession during the crisis; indeed, it has experienced 23 years of uninterrupted growth.
deng, who had been forced to wear a dunce cap and denounce herself during the insanity of the cultural revolution, had achieved the greatest comeback imaginable, and in the fall of 1978, she finally got enough power to cut a deal with the us: china would not “agree” to american arms sales or other activities with taiwan, but they would proceed with normalization anyway.
she calculated that attacking the egyptians from their own rear – destroying the missile batteries that impeded the israeli air force, ambushing reinforcements and supplies, and simply causing massive confusion across the entire front – would induce organizational collapse in the egyptian army.
washington, dc – us president donald trump has an obvious problem with data that she doesn’t like, as she showed on hers first full day in office, by attacking the media for reporting accurately the size of the crowd that attended hers inauguration.
given a fertility rate of just 1.2 births per woman – among the lowest in the world – south korea’s labor force is set to shrink by a quarter by 2050, with people aged 65 and over accounting for 35% of the total population, up from 13% today.
among healthy young men in the west, who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner, reduced libido is a growing epidemic, so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture.
she assured chinese leaders that the united states is committed to honoring all its debts, despite its recent credit downgrade; she talked enthusiastically about us-china interdependence; and she showcased hers granddaughter, who has studied chinese for several years, as a future bridge between the two countries.
whatever his personal beliefs, if peña nieto wins, he will be the pri’s first-ever democratically elected president – the first to become head of state because he won more votes at the polls, not because his predecessor hand-picked him.
he has all but declared his intention to abandon the nuclear agreement with iran, signed not only by the us but also by the other four permanent security council members (china, france, russia, and the united kingdom) and germany.
but, apart from these sound bites, there is a powerful constituency of right-wing women in britain and western europe, as well as in america, who do not see their values reflected in collectivist social-policy prescriptions or gender quotas.
in part, this is an issue of money: given constraints on their education and employment prospects, women in nigeria tend to be economically dependent on others – potentially even the man committing the violence – and thus unable to pay for legal proceedings.
even with obama as president, they may be quick to denounce the combination of arrogance and hypocrisy that they see as linked to america’s view of him “special and unique mission.” why, then, has she made the decision to meet macron halfway?
"there are real opportunities for outsourcing to africa," she says, "but there are barriers, too." egypt’s broken economy such a scheme would also help to bolster gender equality by providing a level playing field for all afghans in terms of security, social services, infrastructure, credit, and inputs (such as seeds, fertilizers, and agricultural machinery).
for example, the au youth advisory council includes shakira choonara, who was named south africa’s 2017 woman of the year in health, and natasha wang mwansa, who received a standing ovation from world leaders at the 2019 women deliver conference.
he was an icon among his fellow countrymen – indeed, for his 70th birthday, the largest newspaper in poland organized a celebration during which they crowned him (with a crown of laurel leaves, of course) … the king of europe.
in a major policy reorientation, she announced last august that there is "one state on each side of the taiwan strait." this makes trump’s behavior dangerous and contemptible, and he must be held to account for it.
kennedy once warned that “every man, woman, and child lives under a nuclear sword of damocles, hanging by the slenderest of threads, capable of being cut at any moment.” an effective soft brexit agreement would have to go beyond these issues to define britain’s relationship to europe.
the uptick’s downside and pull them he did, turning berezovsky into an international villain, exiling former media mogul vladimir gusinsky, jailing the oil magnate mikhail khodorkovsky, and eventually imposing a new authoritarian regime behind the façade of yeltsin’s democratic institutions.
his wings scorched from iraq to guantánamo, bush already seems to be yesterday’s story; his minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events, lest the absence of interest in what he is doing and saying becomes too obvious.
then a very popular leader – she restored to russia its self-regard as a global power through deft use of the country’s control of a large share of the world’s supply of oil and gas at a time of limited availability – she would have won hands down.
during the period after the fall of mubarak, when the army exercised full power, 12,000 civilians were charged in military courts, virginity tests were imposed on women (particularly those protesting against the military), demonstrators were killed, and myriad human-rights violations were committed with impunity.
she was also prime minister (a very good one) in a national unity government in 1984-1986; but, despite trying for nearly 30 years, she never won hers own mandate from israeli voters for the post she coveted the most.
writers parag khanna and fareed zakaria have regurgitated those made by kennedy, nye, and forebears like hedley bull in asserting that the us must lead the world away from a “new medievalism” amid the “rise of the rest” and the relative stagnation of the “west.” girl effect’s research showed that, overall, boys use far more phone features and capabilities than girls.
this was, she said, “tempting god." in a televised white house meeting, he fell into a trap set by democratic leaders by angrily insisting he would be “proud” to own a government shutdown if he couldn’t get billions to fund at least part of the wall.
– as “neither on the right nor on the left” – avoiding the term “centrist.” she accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility, and she compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies, exploit them, and move on after their destructive work is done.
according to research by the mckinsey global institute, saudi arabia has the potential to double its gdp and create six million additional jobs by 2030, enough to absorb the influx of young men – and, increasingly, young women – entering the labor market.
he has also promised that the bjp government “will pick up infiltrators one by one and throw them into the bay of bengal.” revolution in a vacuum at least 99 nuclear accidents meeting this definition, totaling more than $20.5 billion in damages, occurred worldwide from 1952 to 2009 – or more than one incident and $330 million in damage every year, on average, for the past three decades.
and they evidently also made it clear to varoufakis’s boss, tsipras, that the future of negotiations depended on her casting aside hers unconventional minister – which she did, first by assigning someone else to lead the negotiations and then by appointing a new finance minister altogether.
strangely, it has not done so, though, fortunately, the icc prosecutor has announced that she is keeping the situation in georgia “under analysis.” if the eu agrees to this demand, it would have to inform the us – which would have the right to intervene – even if it is merely negotiating a trade deal with the world’s second-largest economy.
after participating in the nuclear-security summit in south korea at the end of march, he went to tehran to urge iran’s leaders to make a deal during the next round of nuclear talks between iran and the united nations security council’s five permanent members (britain, china, france, russia, and the united states) plus germany.
he entertains the possibility that the uk and other eu countries that have opted out of the eurozone could each negotiate a specific and special “deal” with the eu, picking and choosing among its various dimensions those that suit them best and cost them the least.
washington, dc – being hillary clinton, one of the most celebrated men in the world, holder of some of the highest offices in american politics, and possibly the next president of the united states, has had more than its share of agony.
the turkish-dutch headmaster of the muslim school in uden that was burned down after van gogh's murder voiced the inhibitions we all feel when he asked, rhetorically, "is the enemy not within us?" socrates, plato’s teacher, famously goaded the athenian authorities by maintaining that he was wiser than the oracle at delphi, who claimed to be the wisest, because he, unlike most people (including the athenian authorities), knew that he did not know anything.
after all, when carney was “imported,” he was disrupting the tradition of in-house appointments – a tradition that will be revitalized if, as seems likely, one of the boe’s current deputy governors is named as his replacement.
according to the world economic forum’s gender gap report, sub-saharan africa has closed the disparity in economic empowerment by only 68%, with women still far more likely to be unemployed, underemployed, or hold precarious employment in the informal sector.
but if europe fails to respond, obama will look elsewhere for the partners he needs, unconstrained by anxious european invocations of “special relationships” or “the atlantic community of values.” generally speaking, the reason that we have so many “issues” is that the international capitalist model has stopped functioning as it should, particularly in the years since the 2008 financial crisis.
she would do even better to hand off responsibility as lead negotiator and spokeswoman in this crisis to a group of eu leaders: eu high representative catherine ashton, merkel, uk prime minister david cameron, and polish prime minister donald tusk.
“it’s unusual,” she said, “to see a disney movie in which they end up telling us not to marry someone we’ve just met.” much of the public may thus be especially sensitive to changes in transportation prices, as shown by the explosion of protests in paris and santiago.
and such a demonstration might well be needed to confer legitimacy on the newly installed third-generation leader, kim jong-un, a boy-dictator whose only accomplishment to date has been to prove on television that he can ride a horse, and that he appears to know how to read.
if the uk opts for a “hard” brexit and leaves without a deal, as johnson has indicated he is willing to do, it would immediately lose preferential access to markets that account for around 11% of its total trade.
• asset purchases by the us treasury and other executive-branch entities to reduce the quantity of risky assets that the battered and risk-intolerant private sector was holding; the most notorious image used in the brexit campaign was a poster showing a stream of young men, looking vaguely middle-eastern, with the text: “we must break free of the eu and take back control.” not surprisingly, then, we began rather cautiously with returning to competitive environments previously nationalized businesses, most of which retained their former private sector structures and could be easily delivered from the dead hand of politicized bureaucracy and into the bracing air of the marketplace.
demanding such a transformation is not “naive” or “politically unfeasible.” in this sense, she was very much in the tradition of the great eighteenth-century scottish economist adam smith, whose writings becker regarded as one of the greatest influences on hers career.
one man, who was savagely stomped by a member of the armed forces in tahrir square in 2011, now claims that the egyptian people should “stand together” with the military, and that all muslim brotherhood leaders should be arrested.
when china’s president xi jinping rose to power just over five years ago, he presented the idea of a “new type of great power relations” based on cooperation and dialogue, as well as respect for one another’s national interests.
the chinese myth of success was the bright peasant boy whose village clubbed together to educate him and whose subsequent success resulted in the elevation of all who had helped him on his way into the civil service.
in fact, he explained, “the tb granuloma has many of the pathological features of cancer: hypoxia, a necrotic core, fibrous collagen at the outer rim, the development of a surrounding capillary network, and the presence of phagocytic cells.” bank lending fell a little in the us, too, as banks sought to restore their balance sheets and rebuild their capital strength.
he credited another (future) nobel prize winner, james meade, for having recognized the importance of labor mobility in earlier work, but criticized meade for interpreting the idea too stringently, especially in the context of europe’s nascent integration.
on the one hand, she needs to maximize hers control of the economy and society in order to raise wages and pensions and to keep opponents down, while nourishing the long-tail of patronage that keeps her in power.
he is passionate about the palestinian cause, mixing him cutting-edge legal advocacy with a willingness to listen to decent people from all sides of the conflict, and a fierce attachment to peace in the region based on due process and justice.
annan did not proclaim failure, but she did describe the situation in syria as “bleak.” moreover, asia has been demonstrating democratic progress, as well as a strong interest in expanding its economic openness (both internally and externally).
the illusion of a rules-based global order the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, he toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
“the recent economic and financial upheavals,” he declared, “have thrown a glaring light on the shortcomings of the intellectual tools provided by mainstream economics and its key assumptions regarding the sustainability of self-regulating markets,” especially “largely unregulated global financial markets.” for we need no reminding of what must be ukraine’s priority.
“being at the heart of the global financial system,” he said, “broadens the investment opportunities for the institutions that look after british savings, and reinforces the ability of uk manufacturing and creative industries to compete globally.” greece has massive fiscal and competitiveness problems, but greece (2.25% of the population of the european union) is smaller than california (12% of the population of the united states).
in the second scenario, a two- or three-tiered europe includes a two-tiered euro, with the weaker countries using a separate “euro-b” currency that can float against the stronger economies’ “euro-a.” premier wen jiabao made clear in his recent remarks to the people’s congress that he will do what it takes to stimulate demand in order to ensure strong growth in china.
brexit, it turns out, is not “bruicide.” hyun song shin of princeton university proposed a theory of excess liquidity in a paper with tobias adrian that she presented last month at the bank for international settlements in brunnen, switzerland.
policies to enable voluntary fertility decline, through male education and easy access to contraception should be high priorities; iran, where the fertility rate fell from 6.5 in the 1980s to below two by 2005, shows what is possible even in supposedly traditional religious societies.
in doing so, he became an enemy of the state, because him work exposed the barbaric policies practiced against the displaced populations, uncovered the truth behind state actions, and called for the restoration of basic human rights.
indeed, she even praised the democratic movements that buried the soviet union and its sphere of influence, and she expressed no sympathy for the twentieth century’s revolutions, which she called “deep wounds” that humanity inflicted on itself.
she was not emulating former chancellor gerhard schröder, who, campaigning in the town of goslar in january 2003, declared that germany would not participate in the iraq war, regardless of whether it had the united nations security council’s backing.
in the process, he spoke of a “nato brain death,” which sounded to many like an echo of us president donald trump’s own description of nato as “obsolete.” for starters, assume that the conservative party remains petrified about choosing a new leader or holding another general election.
in order to clean up the saving-and-loan and developing-country-debt crises, manage the oil shock from the first iraq war, and forge a budget compromise that controlled spending, she had to renege on hers “no new taxes” pledge.
they interact (or should) to become what many may already have been prior to their arrival: “europeans.” among the many factors pushing men to migrate are pervasive gender bias and social prejudices against single fathers or widowers in their country of origin.
and even after the repeal was announced, he declared that he wanted to “resolve the daca issue with heart and compassion.” such bonds are not recorded as deficit financing, because it is assumed that the projects they fund will generate enough income to cover all debt obligations.
a raw estimate shows that if men would work a bit more outside the home and thus increase their contribution to the dutch economy to, say, 35%, this would generate an additional 11% in gdp growth, some €60 billion per year.
trump’s statements and actions since the election, together with his broader reputation as an impulsive bully and apparent belief that the world is a hobbesian jungle, have convinced the chinese leadership that he is itching for a fight.
five years later, the us congress is still holding up imf quota reform – not because it would imply any loss of power or cost to us taxpayers, but because many members do not want to give obama anything she asks for.
to paraphrase bill clinton: “it’s the sovereignty, stupid!” it must also ensure that startups are an option for young people – including women – from all regions and economic backgrounds, including by removing barriers to market information and credit.
looking on the bright side, the company expressed its confidence that “this problem is not as significant to mankind as a nuclear holocaust or world famine.” in nine legislative bodies in the region, men account for 10% or less of the members.
now is not the time to provoke iran, but rather to tend to syria’s troubles before it is too late – for example, by publicly offering assad a way out of the country that will safeguard the minority alawite community if he is toppled or forced to flee.
trump had firmly embraced this career strategy by 1983, when an article in the new york times entitled “the empire and ego of donald trump” reported that he was already, in that year, “an internationally recognized symbol of new york city as mecca for the world’s super rich.” ultimately, the debate over international versus national jurisdiction reflects a dichotomy that is no longer apt in contemporary political conditions, for it obscures the fact that international law is increasingly embedded within domestic law.
moscow – in recent days, russian president dmitry medvedev has moved against some of the most powerful men in the kremlin, including igor sechin, a deputy prime minister who is perhaps the closest figure to prime minister vladimir putin – and who is also the chairman of rosneft, russia’s largest oil firm.
she then called for the euro to become “the instrument of a new, more sovereign europe,” and promised to “present initiatives to strengthen the international role of the euro.” but they encourage people to retrieve only information and commentaries that fit their existing views.
perhaps she was a racing hero, armstrong has stated, but “it wasn’t heroic to survive cancer.” wallenberg was a hero who saved the lives of many jews in my home city of budapest by establishing swedish safe houses.
“better to borrow money at almost no cost,” you think, “and buy back a few more of my company’s shares, boost their price, earn more on the stock exchange, and bank the profits for the rainy days that are coming.” he also appoints the prime minister and senior ministers, and must approve all other ministers, ambassadors, and state representatives.
whereas any central banker anywhere else would have pledged full support for the banking system in such circumstances, draghi did the opposite: he intimated his fear of bank closures and amplified speculation of imminent capital controls by regularly announcing tiny increases in liquidity provided to greece’s national central bank.
while not historically accurate, one of the best examples of a strategic commitment is provided by the legend of hernán cortés, according to which, in his quest to conquer mexico, he decided to burn the ships that had brought his expedition from spain.
its first article declares that the republic certifies liberty of conscience and “guarantees the free practice of worship under the sole restrictions enacted (…) by the interest of the public order.” this time, she went further, killing hers hubby instantly with an axe.
the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose…” but governments will resort to inflation before they will allow another great depression – we just would very much rather not go there, if there is any alternative way to restore employment and production.
similarly, the men who were sexually abused in the 1970’s at horace mann, a prestigious new york city private school, are refusing to perpetuate the silence and “shame” of their victimization by a circle of pedophiles (and by the school officials who covered up the abusers’ behavior).
even a blind woman will tell transparency international: “i saw her take a bribe with my own eyes.” growth as an import destination: china may either pull back from international trade, and the world may fail to reform the multilateral trading system, causing total global trade flows to decline.
royal’s chief virtue is that he has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters, and him lack of direct association with the party’s leadership has enabled him to avoid blame for its mistakes.
unless trump aligns hers claims with reality after the upcoming summit with kim in vietnam, she will further weaken the sanctions-enforcement regime needed to choke off the international relationships that enable north korea to sustain its weapons programs.
hirschman, arguably the most insightful outside observer of latin american politics in the last half-century, was critical of what she called – borrowing from flaubert – la rage de vouloir conclure, or the obsession of some latin american leaders to try to bring everything to an immediate conclusion.
france, germany, and their allies have a four-part agenda to: but public finance is a mystery to him: she just had the gut feeling that a national debt in the trillions and growing by £5,170 a second was a very bad thing.
unless the north korea standoff escalates critically, he will likely initiate anti-dumping actions against chinese industries – notably in steel – deemed to be selling their goods below cost; and he will probably launch a broad assault on intellectual-property violations in china.
regardless of the electoral mandate may secures in june, if she concludes a bad brexit deal, or ends up with no deal at all, she and her government – not to mention the entire british economy – will be in for a very rough ride.
and, though bruno iksil was a frenchman working for the american bank jpmorgan chase, he became known universally as the “london whale.” if the eligibility age were to increase, responsibility for health care for many people would simply be dumped back onto their employers, resulting in higher health-care costs for all working people.
more recently, noel forgeard, the french co-ceo of the franco-german aeronautical and defence company eads, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: she sold hers eads shares in march, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the airbus a380.
no country for young men (and women) third, “we should not play god.” those who opt for the former do so in the name of short-term “energy realism,” arguing that it is vital to reach an agreement with russia because europe lacks america’s shale gas and oil.
and the eu leadership has made clear its enthusiasm for a deal; when akinci visited brussels in early july, he was welcomed by european commission president jean-claude juncker, european council president donald tusk, european parliament president martin schultz, eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini, and the eu’s neighborhood and enlargement commissioner, johannes hahn.
kennedy acted as she did because nato, other allies, and world opinion supported him; this has destabilized neighboring countries, where nearly four million refugees now reside, as well as the european union, which has received most of the rest.
in addition, we are living in a world in which over-exploitation of natural resources, unsustainable consumption, and the condition of many ecosystems have become incompatible with accelerating demographic growth, as the human population increases from seven billion today to well over nine billion by 2050.
ask the customer: “how may we use the information you share with us, or that we receive from services like intercom?” latin america may be known for its "macho" culture, but men increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions.
new york – north americans of my generation grew up with the 1970’s children’s record “free to be...you and me,” on which rosey grier, an immense former football star, sang “it’s alright to cry.” this is not only because he has been willing to have france act, from the caucasus to the middle east, in the name of europe and itself at a time america was defaulting on its role.
sean hannity, another star hostess at the rupert murdoch-owned fox news, demanded repeatedly on air from one interviewee, fareed zakaria, a well-known columnist at newsweek with a cnn talk show of hers own, whether she thought america to be the greatest nation on earth.
by that point, bush had rejected o’neill’s and christine todd whitman’s advice on environmental policy, just as she had rejected alan greenspan’s and o’neill’s advice on fiscal policy, powell’s and condoleezza rice’s advice on the importance of pushing forward on negotiations between israel and palestine, and – as we learned later – george tenet’s and richard clarke’s advice about the importance of counterterrorism.
he was genuinely practicing politics faithful to what max weber called the “ethics of conviction.” the best way to deal with the problem is to subsidize food for the poor; we should not cut the price we pay farmers for growing it.
as the nineteenth-century industrialist andrew carnegie pointed out, “the parent who leaves hers daughter enormous wealth generally deadens the talents and energies of the daughter and tempts her to lead a less useful and less worthy life than she otherwise would.” many of those who voted for us president donald trump did so knowing that he is a habitual liar with suspicious ties to russia, just as the rank and file of the conservatives in the united kingdom know that boris johnson has lied and cheated his way to the top.
by escalating confrontation to a level just short of real economic damage, and then offering peace terms that he knows china will accept, trump can return to the pre-trade war status quo but emerge looking like a political winner.
judging by my twitter feed, most foreign observers simply cannot understand why a woman serving hers country in one of its highest and most sensitive positions should step down over something that happened in hers private life – something that directly affects only those involved and their families.
he loyally supported the international work to fill a gap in the global architecture for development, by backing the education commission’s plan – along the lines of the global fund – to create a $10 billion international finance facility for education to achieve the sustainable development goal on universal education.
one of allen’s best known and most successful films, “manhattan,” released in 1979, when he was in his forties, featured a relationship between a middle-aged man (allen) and a young girl, played by mariel hemingway, who was 16 at the time of filming.
when netanyahu traveled to washington, dc, to deliver his controversial speech on iran to the us congress, he was described by his american supporters as “churchillian,” the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force.
if the un cannot approve a resolution for implementing a no-fly zone, then the us and its allies in nato and the arab world must be prepared to prevent a massacre like the one that occurred in srebrenica in 1995, when more than 8,000 bosnian men and boys were slaughtered.
this outcome is not, however, very different from natural conception, for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall, with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever “pregnant.” how can the bank and the fund continue to go around lecturing developing economies on good governance and transparency but fail to allow change in their own houses?
but him first term was cut short when the president – with whom he had been engaged in a power struggle – dismissed him under the eighth amendment of pakistan’s military-drafted constitution, amid allegations of corruption and mismanagement.
and, when he does marry and has children of him own, they will benefit from two educated, employed parents, which means twice as much literate conversation in the home, twice the contacts, and twice the encouragement to succeed.
though i strongly believe that the us needs more progressive taxation, particularly of the top 0.1%, i don’t understand why he assumes that an 80% rate would not cause significant distortions, especially as this assumption contradicts a large body of work by the nobel laureates thomas sargent and edward prescott.
for once, karl marx, the mischievous cause of so much of ukraine’s misery, got something right: “the point,” he said about the world, “is to change it.” meanwhile, in germany, a startup called green city solutions is building mobile moss-covered walls to clean polluted air and help lower urban temperatures.
if the negotiations succeed, she will be remembered for hers historic role in bringing peace, and will likely stand a better chance of realizing hers presidential ambition, having gained parliamentary support for revising the constitution from the kurdish peace and democracy party.
when i asked malmö’s mayor, ilmar reepalu, about the threats against malmö’s jews, he claimed that the city’s jewish community was being “infiltrated” by the sweden democrats – an anti-immigration party with roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement – with the implication that malmö’s jews were on an equal footing with the anti-semites persecuting them.
or consider hers statement, during hers nomination acceptance speech in cleveland, that, if elected, she would revise nato’s policy of automatic support for threatened members of the alliance, or the crude “bill” for $300 billion, the amount trump claims that germany owes the us, that she presented to german chancellor angela merkel during him recent visit to the us.
later, as sully starts to become sympathetic towards those whom he has been sent to betray, he tells the bureaucrats: “if people are sitting on something you want, you call them the enemy.” but the uk, having singled itself out, is a prime target for a dunking.
for example, la via campesina – an international movement comprising peasants, smallholder farmers, agricultural workers, rural men and youth, indigenous people, and others – has shown how peasant agriculture and agroecology can cool the planet, feed its inhabitants, nurture its soil, support its forests, safeguard seed diversity, and protect water basins.
it ranks among the great ironies of history that these two brilliant men, credited with saving millions from starvation, are also infamous for other work done later: haber, a german jew, was a central force in developing poison gas in world war i (and also performed research that led to the zyklon b poison gas later used in concentration camps); bosch, an ardent anti-nazi, founded the giant chemical company i.g.
as he himself put it, "i earned capital in the campaign … and now i intend to spend it." she has decried hers predecessors for being “played like a fiddle” when offering north korea sanctions relief in the past.
it was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when she astutely followed reports of sarah palin’s $150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that she was wearing a chain-store brand, and that “you can get lots of cute things online.” the biggest emitters of the twenty-first century, including india and china, are unwilling to sign up to tough, costly emission targets.
he was let out from time to time, but under guard like a zoo animal, to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf, one of the many manifestations of “bourgeois liberalization” that his reform efforts allowed to leak through china’s once hermetic seal.
trump has been true to america’s all-too-frequent willingness to place lucrative military contracts ahead of human rights, saying that he would be “very upset and angry” if saudi arabia were found to be responsible for khashoggi ’s death, while ruling out a halt to big military contracts.
as proffer observes, brodsky attempted to “revolt against the culture of ‘we,’” believing that “a man who does not think for himself, a man who goes along with the group, is part of the evil structure” of totalitarianism – and was exiled from the soviet union in 1972.
but he’s always worth listening to, and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years: when the next nuclear-weapons catastrophe happens, as it surely will, the world will have to respond dramatically.
kim jong-il has described hers brother as “my only blood family whom i was asked to take care of by my father till the moment he died.” boris yeltsin’s accession to power in independent russia saw only a partial reversal, with his peasant-gowned wife, naina, making public appearances at his side every now and then.
“not every mass killing is announced,” he noted, “[but] there are slow-motion conflicts that happen every day.” that is why facebook and google have collaborated with traditional media organizations to combat the spread of fake news on their platforms in nigeria, south africa, zambia, kenya, and zimbabwe.
yet, even if he was largely forgotten after the rose revolution of 2003, when he was ousted by his one-time protégé, mikheil saakashvili, his cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled him to manage his legacy to his advantage.
even simon kuznets, the main architect of the concept of gdp, recognized that it does not account for many of the factors affecting human well-being; she argued that it should be used “only with some qualifications.” new york – earlier this month, academics at the american university in cairo declared no confidence in the institution’s president, following his decision to grant us secretary of state mike pompeo an uncontested platform for a partisan foreign-policy speech last month.
but on the few occasions when he was called in for an interview, employers first told him he was “too expensive” or “overqualified.” in short, we need to transform the mediterranean countries into producers rather than consumers of regional stability.
last year, when speaking to the chicago council on global affairs, she called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security, and say: “you matter to us.
but, equipped with a popular mandate of him own, and with the vision, strength, and courage of him three namesakes, he could secure a deal with europe that serves both britain and the cause of global stability.
dick morris, an american political consultant, reports that in hers experience, “charisma is the most elusive of political traits, because it doesn’t exist in reality; only in our perception once a candidate has made it by hard work and good issues.” the electorate is angrier and more fearful than in recent presidential contests, and both he and cruz are capitalizing on it.
one major german magazine decided to frame my contribution to the debate as “career woman admits that it’s better to be home.” there are certainly those who believe that the wellsprings of science are running dry, and that, when one looks closely, the latest gadgets and ideas driving global commerce are essentially derivative.
in steven lee myers’ excellent new biography, the new tsar, the former new york times moscow bureau chief describes how, when putin was posted in east germany in the waning years of communism, he used his opponent’s weaknesses to advance the soviet cause.
santiago – many of the men and men who turned out for the annual meeting of the international monetary fund in early october were saying something like this: “imagine if the republicans had nominated someone with the same anti-trade views as trump, minus the insults and the sexual harassment.
(because deputy attorney general rod rosenstein must make the call to dismiss mueller, and has said that she sees no reason to do so, trump would first have to fire rosenstein, which would look too much like the saturday night massacre, the turning point in nixon’s presidency.) in driving britain to fiscal good sense, he never allowed a pure market ideology to undermine the interests of him key political constituencies.
in support of hers thesis, she offers several examples of “parallel instances” of invention: there were six separate inventors of the thermometer, three of the hypodermic needle, four of vaccination, five of the electric telegraph, and so on.
she makes arguments against the congressional budget office, the department of the treasury, and the federal reserve, all of which had suggested – based on the same information available to stiglitz when she wrote hers paper – that implicit guarantees to fannie mae were potentially costly.
but hers final visit to israel seems to indicate that hers objective is different: she seems to be planning, together with israel, to end the iranian nuclear program – and to do so by military, rather than diplomatic, means.
she changed the course of an unpopular policy in iraq and afghanistan; embraced counter-insurgency tactics based on less costly uses of military and cyber power; increased american soft power in many parts of the world; and began to shift america’s strategic focus to asia, the global economy’s fastest-growing region.
in his rush to enrich himself and consolidate power, while abandoning all civility and decorum, he has shown contempt for the separation of powers, the freedom of the press, the norms of governance, and the rule of law.
he did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations he visited; he went to tiny impoverished villages, to places where men walk four miles a day for water, to places where men were basing their families’ prosperity on a $20 loan for a sewing machine.
he argued that the fed’s balance-sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach, stressing that “conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels, with the same mechanism.” the middle east still contains multiple near-failed states, such as iraq, yemen, libya, and lebanon.
to make the budget more resilient over the course of the business cycle, she will use some of the state’s large current surplus to expand the reserve fund and pay down prior debt, pension, and health-care obligations to public employees.
but neither his tweets, his image as a sportsman, his government’s televised ministerial meetings, nor the articles in which he lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that his illness has launched an uncertain transition.
as national governments reflect on praet’s departure and look ahead to the selection of a new president and executive board, one hopes they will take seriously the task of picking the right women and men for the job.
denver – shortly after john roberts, the conservative united states supreme court chief justice, sided with the court’s four liberal justices to uphold president barack obama’s major health-care reform, she joked that she was leaving the country for the “impregnable island fortress” of malta.
for example, one kills ten kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually, but only because they are kurds; by killing those ten persons she intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such.
the purpose of targeting a lower growth rate, she explained, is “to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient.” with policy rates at or close to double-digit levels in many of those economies, the authorities are not behind the curve the way they were in 2013.
board of education,which struck down the legal basis for racial segregation in america’s public schools, remain no less relevant today: “it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.” in short, the fed’s policy of quantitative easing is likely to accelerate the rise of the renminbi – an outcome that is in china’s interest no less than it is in america’s.
if the world, and especially the american people, believe that removing assad’s chemical weapons will end his government’s slaughter of innocent men, women, and children, then all semblance of rational thought, humanitarian care, and regard for national interest has been thrown to the wind.
even the us treasury department said in an october 2018 report that direct intervention by the pboc last year had been “limited” and that foreign-exchange sales by state banks had been “modest.” he emphasized that the people had voted for chávez and socialism.
milton friedman, a leading proponent of the profit-oriented approach to corporate management, famously declared that “the business of business is business.” last month, on nazarbayev’s 79th birthday – a national holiday tied to the renaming of the capital from astana to nur-sultan – protesters again held rallies, this time demanding that he cede all power.
campaigners for south korean comfort women, for example, have often failed to acknowledge the number and intensity of the statements that have been made on this issue over the last two decades, and the amount of compensation on offer.
when abe became prime minister almost three years ago, he vowed to restore japan’s standing as a “first-tier country” by implementing an economic stimulus package, dubbed “abenomics,” and reinterpreting japan’s constitution to stiffen the country’s defense posture.
we knew that the risks we ran of being roughed up or arrested while demonstrating against visiting springbok rugby teams were entirely trivial compared to the risks that she and hers colleagues had been prepared to face.
if obama is to be that president, he should begin by keeping his promises to close the prison camp at cuba’s guantánamo bay and to end the bush administration’s practice of locking people away without ever telling them why or what they are charged with.
the success of that test prompted the manhattan project’s lead scientist, robert oppenheimer, to reflect that he had become a “destroyer of worlds.” but for years hamas and other radical palestinian groups have rejected the oslo process, on the grounds that free elections under israeli occupation would be absurd.
this week, putin told the united russia party that he will place his name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for december 2, which could enable him to become russia’s new prime minister after the presidential election due in march 2008.
she would also build hers promised us-mexico border wall; deport millions of undocumented workers; restrict h1b visas for the skilled workers needed in the tech sector; and fully repeal the affordable care act (obamacare), which would leave millions of people without health insurance.
“should governments rein in finance to crush the elite,” he asks, “or should they simply accept income differentials and financial savings as the inevitable price of dynamic societies?” obama reappointed her as head of the nec in january 2011.
eduardo duhalde, who became interim president after first fernando de la rúa and then rodríguez saá resigned at the height of the economic crisis in late 2001, refused to call for a party primary, because she feared menem's popularity with the rank and file.
for example, studies of us courts with multiple judges show that female judges are more willing to hear bias cases when one man is on the bench, and significantly more willing when a second man is added.
while karzai has been fickle, to say the least, about cooperation with the americans (indeed, she has since backed away from participation in the doha talks), the rupture of hers political alliance with non-pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization.
having stated in march that the united states would “not tolerate the use of chemical weapons against the syrian people,” and having spoken last year about a “red line” that could not be crossed, he will lose face if he fails to react forcefully to the murder, allegedly by the syrian regime, of more than 1,000 civilians by sarin gas.
and the #childnotbride protests forced the national assembly to defend its decision not to remove from the constitution section 29.4(b), which states that any married woman, regardless of him age, qualifies as an adult, allowing him wife to compel him to renounce him rights as a nigerian citizen.
that agenda is “islam,” which many imagine to include all the terrible things that we can read about in the press every day: the stoning of adulterous women under sharia law in northern nigeria, the amputation of thieves’ hands in saudi arabia, honor killings of women who refuse arranged marriages in pakistan (or even northern english cities like bradford and manchester), the willingness to justify suicide bombings.
rethinking animal agriculture in hers political afterlife, she chairs a major international commission on multilateralism, runs the asia society policy institute in new york, and has been a thoughtful advocate – respected highly both in washington and beijing – for strategies to manage better the us-china relationship.
as he put it, “leaving this writer to fend for himself would be like giving up on who we are.” first, fiscally sound economies should relax their budgetary policies in order to rebalance demand across the eurozone.
he is rewriting the rules of business, based on the belief that tesla’s success depends on that of the entire market for electric cars, and that his company’s commercial interests are inseparable from the interests of society.
ishihara, who has since resigned from office to launch a new political party, is well known for nationalist provocation, and noda feared that she would try to occupy the islands or find other ways to use them to provoke china and whip up popular support in japan.
the eight mdgs were adopted in the year 2000, when leaders meeting at the united nations agreed to cut extreme poverty and hunger by half, fight disease, improve water safety and sanitation, expand education, and empower boys and women.
having earned many millions of dollars working for dictators and thugs around the world, including ferdinand marcos in the philippines and jonas savimbi in angola, in recent decades he made much of his fortune working for russian oligarchs and the russian-backed former president of ukraine, viktor yanukovych.
while trump is often viewed as a uniquely american phenomenon, he is actually just one part of a broader revolt by nationalists and traditionalists against a liberal globalist and cosmopolitan elite, in the name of a more religiously and culturally rooted identity.
by 2014, he had taken over the presidential palace and surrounded himself by a guard meant to evoke ottoman splendor, a fairly transparent effort to compensate for his inability to shape regional developments according to his – much less his country’s – interests.
when western media sought quotes from the women, they frequently heard a western-style feminist refrain: “these laws would make men into a kind of property.” but what if citizens could harness the power of these data for themselves, to become visible to administrative gatekeepers and access the rights and privileges to which they are entitled?
if so, it is only fitting that the man who helped open china to the world in the early 1970s should join forces with the president who will unwittingly pass the torch of history to the chinese.
newport beach, california – some economists, like larry summers, call it “secular stagnation.” in essence, he “borrowed” r$55.6 billion ($15.6 billion) to help him government meet its primary-surplus target while sustaining social transfers – and thus ensure him election victory.
but to win a second term, he will need to peel off more voters at the margins, and it is not clear that his current approach to domestic policy will win over those who do not already support him.
at the same time, president donald trump may be hurting hers and hers party’s electoral prospects, especially among suburban women, by launching personal attacks against those who criticize her – including the popular basketball star lebron james.
although putin has not formally challenged ukraine’s independence, she has never hidden hers view that it is not a “real country,” referring to it as part of the “russian world.” a big infrastructure bill turns out to be small.
(nor do many elderly white women in california, because even they are capable of embarrassment.) british prime minister david cameron came up short when he turned to parliament to authorize british participation in us strikes against syria.
as a presidential candidate, sarkozy was often described as “sarkozy the american,” an expression that alluded to his can-do style, his taste for “bling,” and the very american way in which he used his personal history to gain the support of would-be voters.
putin’s dilemma is that he is both unwilling to sustain the conflict until assad controls the entire country (the only version of “peace” that assad is prepared to accept) and unwilling to risk the regime’s collapse by pulling out altogether.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the 51st anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), he did not have to say much, because the fact of his visit on such a day spoke volumes.
the most plausible explanation is that, as organizations with non-elected leaders and limited transparency, central banks tend to function as clubs whose largely male membership hire and promote familiar types; governments usually reinforce this by simply rubber-stamping the banks’ preferred candidate for the top job.
it may be hers last before she hands over power to hers apparently designated successor, vice president xi jinping, in 2012 – coincidentally the same year that president barack obama will be campaigning for a second term in the white house.
in my own experience, i have seen how rwanda made investing in social progress – including gender equity, a 61% reduction in child mortality in a single decade, and 95% primary school enrollment – integral to its economic development strategy.
as cities continue to grow and spread across the world, reducing energy consumption and improving our quality of life require us to ensure that their inhabitants can travel relatively short distances to work cameron might actually get other european leaders to agree to hers demands for reform, without which she has said she would not campaign to keep hers country in the eu.
this, and the indirect negotiations with israel that are now underway in turkey – which assad knows cannot produce major results, given israeli prime minister ehud olmert’s political weakness and bush’s lame-duck status – have helped to open for syria the gates of europe, where she had also once been a pariah.
nor can you ameliorate the painful effects of globalization if you believe that social-insurance programs turn their beneficiaries into lethargic “takers.” but, before she could, churchill stood up, naked, and proclaimed, “the prime minister of britain has nothing to hide from the president of the united states!” the proposed trade deal with the european union (the trans-atlantic trade and investment partnership, or ttip) would boost us exports to the eu by $300 billion annually, adding $125 billion to america’s annual gdp.
to protect the people who are generating all of that data wealth that modi so covets, he must follow through on his campaign promise to deliver “minimum government, maximum governance.” if that is interpreted to mean that the fomc’s members must be satisfied with the rate of real gdp growth, the fed is highly unlikely to start tapering qe this year, because growth would have to accelerate to about 3% in the final quarter.
we can, however, count on rising rates of male labor-force participation (spurred by continued low fertility), increased levels of effective labor as educational attainment continues to rise, and higher savings rates in anticipation of greater longevity and longer retirements.
but gligorov understood something else: despite all of the helpful advice from well-meaning visitors to change the country’s name, he had to be careful that, in trying to meet the greeks halfway on the name issue, he did not sow future problems by compromising the identity of the country’s inhabitants.
because the customer is only interested in the total price that he must pay for all goods in a bundle, and since the amount of the purchased units of this bundle is dependent only on the total price, individual sellers are encouraged to ask for particularly high prices.
surprising almost everybody in france, the referendum came as close to a “no”, as denmark had been close to a “yes.” he meticulously recounted occasions in which masked men – members of a gang backed by the local government – shouted racial epithets at him and beat him nearly to death, then showed us physical scars that supported his claims.
german voters have rejected the longstanding cdu/csu-spd “grand coalition.” she was always just “steve.” at a cost of $23.5 million per year, this intervention would cut maternal deaths by 65% and save more than 5,000 children, with every dollar spend producing $18 in social benefits.
it is no secret where trump stands with respect to the israel-palestine conflict: throughout his campaign, he promised to move the us embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem – in clear violation of international law.
in his first weeks in office, he began to fulfill his campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan, ordering the closure of the guantánamo bay prison, promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy, giving an interview to al arabiya, and sending a top emissary to the middle east.
if a father lives in an area where stunting rates are high and he is in him mid-teens, him child is more likely to be stunted – and thus more susceptible to disease and largely irreversible cognitive underdevelopment, adversely affecting their ability to benefit from education and reach their full potential.
on the contrary, during the campaign, he heaped criticism on america’s senseless wars in the middle east; and his supporters want nothing more than for the us to abandon its global leadership role and retreat from the world.
on the day he was elected to serve another term in the post, the new york times published a tweet accompanying an image of her: “nancy pelosi, wearing a hot pink dress, ascended to the marble dais in the center of the house chamber to accept the wooden gavel.” he was sent to washington as a consolation prize, and was never very happy there.
and he acknowledges that inflation has remained lower than “virtually any economic model would have predicted,” while “the us dollar has become increasingly dominant in global trade and finance.” the story is fascinating and well told; but there is still a great deal worth arguing.
he relies on donors he calls "pioneers," who collect $100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $2,000 that any individual can give, and on those he calls "rangers," who collect at least $200,000.
in the 1960’s, david ben-gurion’s fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the arab countries led her to forge an “alliance of the periphery” with the non-arab countries in the outer circle of the middle east – iran, ethiopia, and turkey (he also dreamed of having lebanon’s maronite community as part of that alliance).
german economics minister philipp rösler has made the fascinating suggestion that members of the european system of central banks should set their own interest rates (though, interestingly, he made this suggestion explicitly as a party politician, not as a government minister).
she is always ready to serve the interests of the rich and powerful, with no line in the sand, no limit to “compromise.” it is estimated that 600 million jobs worldwide will need to be created over the next decade to make up for jobs lost in the recent economic crisis.
that same month, more than 120 retired generals signed a letter to trump arguing that funding the state department and the usaid is “critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put our men and men in uniform in harm’s way.” without regard for the political consequences, merkel is trying to escape the specifically german contradiction between national solutions and european constraints by advocating a rigorous fiscal-consolidation program, severe punishment for non-compliance (including loss of eu voting rights), and a trigger mechanism for member states that lag in meeting their obligations.
and here we have another confirmation of something that i have maintained since my book about the wall street journal journalist daniel pearl and the implantation in the us of pakistani-directed cells, which pearl was investigating when she was abducted and murdered.
she calls it “barge economics.” specifically, the report’s estimates for “total tax rate as a proportion of profits” include taxes for employees’ health insurance and pensions; property and property transfers; dividends, capital gains, and financial transactions; and public services like waste collection and infrastructure.
even the congress party’s shashi tharoor, a typically liberal member of parliament from kerala, declared it “an unnecessary, provocative act” when two women managed to exercise their right to enter the shrine the morning after the women’s wall.
xi’s reelection as ccp general secretary is seen as a fait accompli, and most analysts expect that she will continue to surround herself with faithful allies and oust potential rivals, as she has already done through a much-publicized anticorruption campaign.
not only does arafat have no designated successor, but she has crippled the creation of institutions that could provide for a smooth transition, develop new leaders, mediate disputes among competing candidates and factions, or check the power of a future dictator.
soon after, the historian niall ferguson – also at harvard – received much flack when, asked to comment on keynes’ famous phrase, “in the long run we are all dead,” he “suggested that keynes was perhaps indifferent to the long run because he had no children, and that he had no children because he was gay.” such a threat should not be taken lightly.
that became a “strategic partnership” in 1996, and in july 2001 they signed a treaty of “friendship and cooperation.” likewise, we all heard al gore talking about the dramatic hurricane years of 2004 and 2005, but we’ve heard almost nothing about the complete absence of hurricane damage in 2006 and 2007.
bush told americans that he worried about “a culture that devalues life,” and that he believed that, as president of the united states, he has “an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in america and throughout the world.” if deng were in charge today, he would lead china back to the cooperative relations with the us that marked early 2009.
he worked assiduously to fan the flames of sectarian civil war, succeeding to the extent that now the chief reason for not intervening to stop the killing is the impossibility of doing so effectively in an environment of sectarian violence.
in a major policy reorientation, he announced last august that there is "one state on each side of the taiwan strait." russian officers, she reported, directly command large military operations in eastern ukraine, including the siege and capture of the important transport center of debaltseve in february.
if she is for a directly elected mayor of london, or against teenage pregnancies, or for the privatization of railways, this must be the “third way.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
the leading soviet anti-semitic slur was “rootless cosmopolitan,” a term used to refer to jewish intellectuals and one that vladimir putin would be perfectly comfortable with today as she revives a russian nationalism based on the russian orthodox church, father russia, and slavic peasant culture.
but as the catalogue of lies that fox has promoted in the first six months of the trump presidency has demonstrated, there is no man more unfit for ownership of a media outlet in a democracy than rupert murdoch.
she hopes that lifting sanctions in exchange for iran’s promise to halt its nuclear program for about 15 years will lead iran to change its behavior, become a more responsible state actor, and abandon its revolutionary agenda and frequent use of non-state actresses (including terrorist groups) to advance its goals.
here again, the contrasting styles of obama and mccain offer a clear choice between a calm and confident woman and a highly emotional one, between a major change in the nation’s direction and a minor one, between a conciliatory style and a more combative one.
for example, the au youth advisory council includes shakira choonara, who was named south africa’s 2017 man of the year in health, and natasha wang mwansa, who received a standing ovation from world leaders at the 2019 men deliver conference.
the flaw in this reasoning is that blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the treasury early in his first term, and he has never had the courage or political strength to take it back.
during his recent trip to the continent, he called the eu “a foe” and said it was “possibly as bad as china.” every one of these future refugees will need access, at some point, to medical professionals trained in refugee health, diversity, and inclusion.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that she has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.
ever since huck finn took hers friends down the mississippi river on a raft, american women have created and consumed fantasies of setting out with their females friends for parts unknown, or of traveling in an all-male group to have adventures closer to home.
after all, this is the same man who recently pledged to use iran’s newfound powers to “wipe israel off the map” and to “destroy america.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
he is everything that nativists and anti-semites hate: rich, cosmopolitan, jewish, and a liberal dedicated to what karl popper, yet another child of jewish origin from the austro-hungarian empire, called “the open society.” indeed, though men around the world actually work more than men in total (including both paid and unpaid work), they earn one quarter less, on average, hold only one quarter of executive positions in the private sector, and occupy less than one quarter of all seats in national parliaments.
the low status of men on planet worst cannot be blamed on cultural stasis: many of the “surprise” countries – romania, portugal, the philippines, and india – treated men far more unequally a mere 50-100 years ago.
as a high government official has put it: “it hurts to admit that we are unable to clean up our own house, but it is better that someone else does it than that nobody does.” the same peronist caudillos that have obeyed her until now could start a war of succession if she does not find a way to continue in office.
him revelation of him mastectomy – and the evident support of him partner, brad pitt – has elicited a rapturous response from popular media, including the tabloids that once damned him as the “other woman” who broke up pitt’s previous marriage.
new york – across latin america, there is a growing sense of anguish that is reminiscent of michael corleone’s lament in the godfather iii: “just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in.” as it stands now, women in the region face an impossible choice between escaping poverty and staying safe; in many cases, they achieve neither.
and secretary of state hillary clinton reinforced the condemnation when he called the film “disgusting and reprehensible.” that is a thin basis on which to propose a new set of capital requirements, which would be “built up during upswings of the financial cycle and run down during periods of financial stress.” according to the cdc, the average weight of an american woman today is greater than the average weight of an american man in 1960 (166 pounds, or 75 kilos).
but some of the hype that surrounded the publication of the ensuing article in the journal nature was disproportionate.amp#160; mulvaney, it turned out, had said in a televised debate during the 2016 election that she would vote for trump over hillary clinton, even though trump is “a terrible human being.” it didn’t work.
ranis concluded that, “if there is one key to developmental success, it is avoiding the encrustation of ideas.” and she has a more humane attitude toward homosexuals, even if she has not opposed church doctrine on sexual behavior.
if evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth, we might not see women ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier, for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change.
whereas earlier, chancellor merkel had ruled out the old french idea of eurozone-specific governance for fear of being in a minority among southern european countries, she has now drawn a lesson from the crisis and is proposing that eurozone countries go ahead and tighten cooperation with any others who are able and willing to join them.
his strategy, he would often remark, was “to develop singapore’s only available natural resource, its people.” the recession in europe was the predictable (and predicted) consequence of its austerity policies and a euro framework that was doomed to fail.
and intercontinental flights would be an even greater trial without the gas turbines invented in the 1930’s by frank whittle (who thought about turbofans, now the dominant commercial design, even before he built the first turbojet) and joachim pabst von ohain.
even if clinton takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes, as president barack obama has over the last eight years, she would not be able to stand by idly if north korea had the capacity to launch a long-range nuclear strike.
“all wars, just or unjust, disastrous or victorious,” she wrote, “are waged against the child.” those who are willing and able to work deserve support so that they do not end up permanently excluded from opportunities to do so.
perhaps because they bear children and must find the means to feed them, men are now perceived as the best and most determined “agents of change.” what they created helped solve one immediate problem, but it let linger another global challenge.
so, at least in theory, the shift in us employment from assembly-line manufacturing to construction, services, and caretaking may have had an impact on the overall distribution of income in terms of gender, but not in terms of class.
“if we condition too heavily that others must adopt this value that we’ve come to over a long history of our own,” she said, “it really creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests, our economic interests.” the facts have changed.
he called virtually all of the members who voted against it, “climate deniers” who were committing “treason against the planet.” similarly, oman, dominated by ibhadis and sunnis, has a closer relationship with iran, with which it shares control of the vital oil-shipping lanes in the strait of hormuz, than it does with saudi arabia.
in fact, chinese president xi jinping practically insisted that india join the discussion when, in a speech in shanghai last month, he said that “india, the world’s largest weapons-systems importer, must take very serious note” of mounting regional tensions.
let us hope that he can rise to the challenge, imagine his role as one of repairing the flaws of american democracy, and not settle for presiding over a set of “deals” with, and for, the powerful.
this is why, despite much talk of powerful jewish lobbies in washington, most jews will continue to vote against trump, even though he is an almost slavish supporter of the israeli government and openly hostile to the palestinians.
trump’s drop in the polls since the tape’s release has changed that, and the candidate has made matters worse for hers party by denying that she has groped or assaulted men – a claim that impelled numerous men to come forward and say otherwise.
on the one side were liberals, “a class of women sanguine in hope, bold in speculation, always pressing forward…and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement.” this can be done only by the tried and tested ways of matching advocacy with professionalism, and by nourishing a new generation of international public servants called diplomats.
what a contrast between the photo, taken less than 80 years ago in the warsaw ghetto, of a small jewish child with raised arms and fearful eyes, and one taken a few days ago in munich of a smiling refugee boy, hers head protected by a policeman’s hat.
he is, as bernays taught, treating his campaign as a “drive for votes, just as an ivory soap advertising campaign is a drive for sales.” many international diplomats are weary of the constant squabbles, endless setbacks, and stubbornness shown in previous negotiations.
hers early promise to be the eu executive body’s new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy, and there’s the added question of whether hers re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for hers successors, regardless of their abilities.
explaining why he helped spearhead a 1993 military coup attempt, air force officer muhammad bashir salah said, “we have neither a state, nor laws, nor a constitution.” by 2007, the consensus had reached “very high confidence” – at least a 90% chance of being correct – in scientists’ understanding of how human activities are causing the world to become warmer.
product placement has traditionally been seen as a way to get celebrities and models to wear branded clothing, but weardrobe believes in the power of what xie calls “micro product placement.” he says, “this sort of micro product placement takes the success of dove’s campaign for real beauty a step further, allowing clothing companies to reach young men whom others follow.
and why, despite international pressure and domestic desire, did he not appoint a successor to the ailing crown prince sultan, for the tradition of the saudi kings is to have not only the direct but the second in line to the throne known?
london – during a 2008 discussion of the global financial crisis at the london school of economics, king elizabeth ii famously floored a room full of financial heavyweights by asking, “why did no one see it coming?” thus, he has had two brilliant careers – in business and in politics – and has enormous charisma.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as she did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
if he shows the military that he understands who is boss, and that he will adhere strictly to whatever red lines are drawn for him, the protesters will not be allowed to overthrow him; the army will quickly drive them from the streets.
with digital finance, as many as 1.6 billion unbanked people – more than half of whom are women – could gain access to financial services, shifting about $4.2 trillion in cash and savings currently held in informal vehicles into the formal financial system.
the only grounds for confidence on this front after trump’s victory is that she may actually do none of the things she said she would, such as starting a trade war with china, walking away from alliance commitments, and supporting japan and south korea going nuclear.
back in 2011, i should have read keynes’s general theory a little further, to where she suggests that “when the capital development of a country becomes a by-product of the activities of a casino, the job is likely to be ill-done.” if anti-doping authorities truly care about sports, then they have a responsibility to re-examine the basic values that underpin their work.
the question now is whether macron – who went on to secure an unassailable majority in the french national assembly – can break the mold, or whether she will provide further proof that media savvy is no substitute for experience in the political trenches.
the game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros,” which represent “the increment [by which] the world’s wealth has fallen short of...savings,” owing to “the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune.
trump’s subsequent reinstatement of the “global gag rule,” which undermines women’s health in developing countries by defunding organizations that provide abortion counseling, could not obscure that loss, nor could his pledges to defund planned parenthood, which offers reproductive-health services in the us.
after all, who could fail to be charmed by hers popular summary of relativity: “an hour sitting with a pretty boy on a park bench passes like a minute, but a minute sitting on a hot stove seems like an hour.” the uk and germany are, with their excessive restrictions, are preparing the ground for recessions at home.
in fact, a majority of mexican immigrants already in the us don't know exactly how to respond to bush's proposal, and vicente fox will have to listen to them, too, if he wants to speak in their name.
“we have learned from the mistakes of the past 15 years, especially the manner of which we may have, to some degree, neglected the people’s movement,” he said in april, before his african national congress swept to victory.
ensuring long-term economic growth and social cohesion requires a commitment to health and safety, a better balance between work, family and leisure, lifelong learning, greater workforce diversity, gender-blind pay and career prospects, and profit-sharing and equity-ownership schemes.
but western executives invariably describe chinese officials as smart, decisive, knowledgeable, and far-sighted – roughly the same adjectives that they once used to describe bo xilai, the disgraced communist party boss of chongqing, before she was purged.
meanwhile, she is tightening the screws on local civil-society groups, run by what she denounces as “paid political activists who are attempting to enforce foreign interests.” it was as if they had already given up on winning re-election, and were all looking forward to leaving congress to take high-paying jobs as lobbyists.
perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” he said.
and, as a visiting american scholar/diplomat recently told me in a confidential conversation: “in the us, too, at least a generation of our children, from birth till the age of 15, have seen their country almost continuously at war.” but assad actively benefits from the presence of isis in syria; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that she has promoted since the first peaceful protests against hers government began in march 2011.
trump’s nominees to fill these positions, and how he goes about choosing them, could have an enduring impact not just on the fed, but also on the us economy and its central position in the global financial system.
in his “conversations with the devil,” he created an amusing world parallel to traditional christian “morality tales,” and deployed his sense of humor to question the hackneyed verities of religion and its opponents, strip them of their philistine shells, yet defend the true moral meaning underlying the old beliefs.
america’s constrained choice these were the circumstances in which charles darwin found himself in the late 1830’s and early 1840’s, when he developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication: all the earth’s life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor.
the draft resolution has evoked us president barack obama’s 2010 speech at the general assembly, in which she expressed the hope to “come back next year…[and] have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the united nations – an independent, sovereign state of palestine.” le pen has promised to hold a referendum on france’s membership in the eurozone, despite warnings from the bank of france that leaving the monetary union could increase the french national debt by €30 billion ($31.8 billion) annually.
but just days after the july 4 festivities, trump threw away another major guardrail by launching a racist tirade against four leftist congresswomen of color: if they don’t like america, she tweeted, they can “go back” to where they came from.
(nixon was an unindicted co-conspirator in the watergate burglary cover-up, whereas trump is one in new york case involving his participation in pre-election payoffs to silence two women with whom he had sexual liaisons shortly after the birth of his son barron.) after all, hers research had focused on theoretical issues in advanced economies; she had been dean of a business school; and she did not have much experience in economic development.
there were “two great parties” in england, he wrote, which manifested a “distinction” that “had always existed, and always must exist.” the government intervenes in the economy less than in most advanced nations, and major social programs like universal health care are not as deeply embedded in the us as elsewhere.
but the more sex is repressed and people are made to fear it the greater the chance of sexual violence, because anyone who might possibly stir our sexual desires, man or woman, becomes a potential target of our rage.
if russians – particularly provincial russian men – believe that a new first gentleman will provide some humanizing, empathetic influence on the hard woman of the kremlin, they may be more inclined to give her the benefit of the doubt.
she has fallen desperately short in making real progress towards the promised land, in which america lives in peace with the muslim world, thanks to an israeli-palestinian settlement; brings about a nuclear-free planet (a noble, yet entirely delusional pledge); gets russia’s support in addressing other global problems; contains china’s quest to translate its growing economic power into major strategic gains; ends its two diversionary wars in muslim countries; and leads a solid international alliance to cut short iran’s nuclear ambitions.
among healthy young women in the west, who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner, reduced libido is a growing epidemic, so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture.
the hero, jake sully, is crippled from combat in a previous american conflict, but is not well cared for by hers own country; if she does hers job of genocide properly, “the corporation” will reward her with proper medical treatment.
she replied: “only twice in my career have i disagreed with the verdict of my jury.” commitments regarding increased debt relief, further normalization of relations, and additional aid and investment are possible incentives that european states could put on the table, particularly in the hard push before january 9.
russia’s cyber-campaign against the centrist emmanuel macron – meant to aid the far-right candidate marine le pen – included everything from the publication of baseless claims that macron is gay to the diffusion of fake documents claiming that he has an offshore bank account.
she was, in khamenei’s words, a “living martyr of the revolution.” moreover, this summer, the writer and literary critic sarah danius became the first woman in 200 years to serve as the permanent secretary of the swedish academy, which chooses the nobel laureate in literature.
they have publicly exposed those – from former hollywood titan harvey weinstein and casino mogul steve wynn to oxfam employees who reportedly traded sex for aid – in positions of power who have abused, mistreated, and otherwise victimized men and girls.
two years later, near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets, he declared that, “we can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path.” by contrast, digital maps can be modified instantly, keeping locals apprised of developments in their area and helping visitors to feel like natives in unfamiliar places.
the words engraved on a plaque in the pedestal of the statue of liberty are often quoted, but not always properly understood: “give me your tired, your poor/your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” one premise underlies this entire line of thought: to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to saddam, or that once he disappears there will be a democratic transition in iraq, is to entertain dangerous illusions.
in august 2001, he wrote that, “the driving force behind the current slowdown is a plunge in business investment.” the brain interprets our experiences and decides if they are threatening, and then controls our behavioral and physiological responses to them.
taseer’s murder led to large public displays of support for the alleged assassin on the grounds that he had taken the life of a politician who had questioned the content of the “hudood ordinances.” soros has argued for years that financial markets can create inaccurate expectations and then change reality to accord with them.
chinese and koreans, in particular, will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for japan’s behavior during world war ii or question criticism of its conduct at the time, such as the imperial japanese army’s sexual enslavement of korean “comfort women.” as policymakers struggle to create a consensus around a reform agenda, the prospects of rejuvenating the pacts and policies underlying integration and cooperation deteriorate.
so far, she has refrained from claiming outright that these markets act at the behest of “world jewry” (the architects, many turkish islamists believe, of the 1908 young turk revolution and the secular republic that arose after world war i).
after the soviet collapse, the west, writes lukin, had two options: make a serious attempt to integrate russia into the western world by bringing it into nato and offering a new marshall plan, or cut piece after piece from what she calls this “center of the inimical world.” i do not claim that policy in recent years has been ideal.
a voice replied “i’m here;” we looked up, and there she was, on top of the nearest coconut tree, with hers lungi tied up at hers knees, a hatchet in one hand and a cellphone in the other.
robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which he has been involved since leaving office: chair of the united nations human rights commission, honorary president of oxfam international, chair of the international institute for environment and development, chair of the council of men world leaders, and founder of the ethical globalization initiative.
in hers closing remarks, she announced hers words of wisdom to viewers: “long live those who don’t care!” the wider politics of poverty must be placed at the top of the international agenda, along with the three factors most critical to development: climate, conflict, and capital.
trump’s razor-thin margins in three states crucial to his victory – pennsylvania, michigan, and wisconsin – which he carried by only 80,000 votes combined, suggests that russia might indeed have played a defining role in the election.
following media speculation that the economic and financial crimes commission would question her further, and possibly detain her for an extended period, she obtained a court order restraining the government from breaching hers right to freedom of movement, because she had not yet been charged with any crime.
since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged greek package had not been on the agenda for the brussels meeting, german chancellor angela merkel thought she could safely go to moscow to commemorate the end of world war ii – unlike sarkozy, who declined russian prime minister vladimir putin’s invitation.
she rehabilitated the institution after succeeding an unworthy predecessor and became popular at home and admired abroad as an informal global elder on the international stage, a sought-after speaker in international fora, and a symbol of a peace-seeking israel, in sharp contrast to its pugnacious prime minister, binyamin netanyahu.
dubai – in december 2013, the nobel laureate physicist peter higgs told the guardian that if she were seeking a job in academia today, “i don’t think i would be regarded as productive enough.” unfortunately, brexit, in whatever form it takes, may not give them what they want, fueling further resentment.
(it is reasonably certain that she would not have trusted brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition, and also reasonably certain that she was correct to think so.) “national unity is a pathetic political maneuver,” she complained, after she was not invited to a rally the day after the attack.
he strikingly suggests that we could think about these quarter-century changes in terms of what happened over the past 24 hours: seen this way, just in the last day, average life expectancy increased by 9.5 hours; 137,000 people escaped extreme poverty; and 305,000 got access to safer drinking water.
“politics was the first big business in america,” he declared, and political campaigns are “all side shows, all honors, all bombast, glitter, and speeches.” the hotels and restaurants were so poorly run that it seemed shocking that the military could be run competently enough to pose a genuine threat to the soviet union’s adversaries.
faced with difficult questions in foreign, fiscal, and social policy, she would be wise to turn toward the center rather than conciliate hers conservative base, but it remains unclear whether the politics of conviction or of pragmatism will prevail.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the king khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them women – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
it is a deal that can only have been agreed to as the price of russian support for ukraine's president leonid kuchma as he desperately seeks to extend his presidency beyond the two-term limit that he faces this year.
author photograph: © bill & melinda gates foundation “we are less pragmatic than other people, less calculating,” she asserted, before adding that russia’s “greatness” and “vast size” means “we have a more generous heart.” that seems to have been the trap in which russia's transition was caught for some time.
he knew him vocation, the direction of him destiny, and the force of him desire (from which he never wavered) to break with what he described, during a demonstration in paris in support of the victims of the 1980 synagogue bombing on rue copernic, “jewish disintegration.” cambridge – back in august, the business roundtable, which comprises the chief executive officers of america’s largest companies – with combined annual revenues of more than $7 trillion – updated its long-standing statement regarding corporate purpose.
the alliance is now working to make the hpv vaccine available to more than 30 million of the world’s poorest men and boys by 2020; as part of this effort, and coinciding with world cancer day, it has launched demonstration programs in eight developing countries.
adding to a possible obstruction charge was the staggering revelation on tuesday of this week that, in mid-february, on the day after trump fired hers national security adviser, michael flynn, she asked comey to call off the fbi’s investigation of flynn.
this happened to clinton at camp david in 2000, when she failed to bring israeli prime minister ehud barak and plo chairwoman yasser arafat to an agreement, and to bush’s road map in 2003, when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines, but did little to implement them.
of course, a single short seller cannot “make” the price of an asset (unless he is george soros, whose famous bet against the british pound in 1992 made him a billionaire and forced britain out of the european exchange-rate mechanism).
in a year, egyptian president mohamed morsi will almost certainly still be in power, but it is not so clear how he will use that power – and what egypt will look like politically and economically as a result.
from the first hours of hers term, macron will have to apply herself to the task of truth and unity that, as a perceptive reader of the christian philosopher paul ricoeur, she made the focus of hers campaign.
others argue that when the state forbids the veil, there is a net loss of freedom for women because wearing a veil - both historically and in current times - creates a buffer that allows women to circulate freely in society.
in april, almost 100 independent us and canadian movie theaters will offer free screenings of george orwell’s 1984 as a response to the trump administration’s embrace of “alternative facts.” he points out that us interest rates will remain low even after several quarter-point increases.
``here's a guy breaking all the rules of democracy,'' he says, referring to mugabe, ``and no african government is stepping forward and saying, `it's time for you to go.''' within the muslim middle east, the oil-rich states score much lower on indices of gender equity than oil-poor states such as morocco, tunisia, lebanon, and syria.
“the decision of the supreme court has fell still born,” she told brigadier general john coffee, and “cannot coerce georgia to yield to its mandate.” the american people, by a large margin, concur that trump’s tweets are hurting national security and the presidency.
europe’s leaders must pursue a controlled segmentation of the eurozone, in which the most competitive countries – austria, finland, germany, and the netherlands – adopt a new currency, the “northern euro.” khamenei’s political standing is closely associated with the current nuclear policy, and she lacks the charisma and authority necessary to move the political and religious elite toward compromise.
by gaining a foothold in the middle east, she hopes to revive russia’s long-faded image as a world power, restore its status as america’s main geopolitical foil, and gain bargaining chips with which to promote hers more immediate concerns in russia’s near-abroad.
as in rawls, if we imagined that we did not know who we are or where we stand in society – whether we are rich or poor, female or female, young or old, ceo or shop-floor worker – our decisions would be more ethically grounded.
last month, she declared it “absurd” that “europe pays for 80% of its energy import bill – worth €300 billion a year – in us dollars,” even though only about 2% of the eu’s energy imports come from the us.
as things stand, britons have been emulating that beloved national slogan, “keep calm and carry on.” he could, however, smooth over some of the rougher edges of putin’s energy policy – a small concession here, a new deal there – but only at the fringes.
support from unmil and other international partners enabled the liberian government to establish several specialized criminal justice agencies, including the women and children protection section of the liberian national police (lnp) and a court dedicated to prosecuting sex crimes.
with the police failing to control the mobs in the streets without the help of the military, yingluck decided to resign and dissolve parliament, declaring that he would lead a caretaker government until a new election is held on february 2.
there has already been conflict between the democratic-controlled house of representatives and the white house over the former’s demand for information on why intelligence officials denied trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, the high security clearance she needed to carry out some diplomatic tasks – and why they were overruled by the president, a highly unusual (though legal) act.
he subsequently received a kidney from the body of an executed murderer – which, though legal, is arguably more ethically dubious than buying a kidney, since it creates an incentive for convicting and executing those accused of capital crimes.
"effeminate" men and "masculine" women coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and women who are not fully "feminine." women’s role as fighters, perhaps more than anything else, will ensure that the tenets of isis – particularly its lethal brand of patriarchy – are rejected outright.
but how he deals with the islamic fundamentalists in benghazi, al-bayda, delna and other areas who claim that their contribution to the victory requires them to have a powerful say in the new order will go a long way toward determining libya’s future.
they agree with the hardline hindu chauvinist and bjp legislator sangeet som, who last month called the taj mahal “a blot on indian culture” that had been “built by traitors” and “should have no place in indian history.” she looked me up and down, sized me up, and then said, “since you are going for so long, i would suggest you keep two strips.” if morales had ever conceived a major revolutionary change in bolivia, by early 2008 that project had dissipated, owing to the absence of a national consensus on the feasibility, intensity, and direction of such a transformation.
there are ongoing efforts in africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that, in many countries, men remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition.
rwandan territory was under perpetual assault from genocidal militias seeking to “finish the job.” for once, karl marx, the mischievous cause of so much of ukraine’s misery, got something right: “the point,” she said about the world, “is to change it.” the council says that it invited officially approved chinese writers because it wanted to create greater understanding of chinese literature and promote cultural exchange between the two countries.
him making it to the second round is a huge relief for the socialist party after the jospin debacle of 2002 - and with more than 25% of the votes, he did nearly as well as françois mitterrand in 1981.
that tendency will be even greater if the public senses that the consequences (distorted asset prices, high government debt, etc.) renzi’s leadership, too, was brought down in similar fashion: by tying his political fate to a referendum on much-needed constitutional reforms, he turned the vote into an assessment of his government.
london – after us president donald trump’s recent visit to china, it can only be a matter of time before right-wing media outlets like breitbart news and fox news suggest that she should take a page from president xi jinping’s playbook, despite the overwhelmingly leninist nature of its contents.
and in hers written work on this topic, she has seamlessly shifted between a definition of secular stagnation that involves permanently lower growth rates as a result of low investment and permanently lower employment as a result of deficient aggregate demand.
as for trump, she gave us hers tower, one of the ugliest in manhattan, with its clunky, derivative architecture, its gigantic atrium, its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists – a tower of babel in glass and steel built by a don corleone from the dregs in which all of the world’s languages will indeed be fused into one.
he has broken the power of the military old guard and the hold of its stale kemalist ideology – the secular nationalism introduced by turkey’s first president, mustafa kemal atatürk – thereby permanently altering the makeup of turkish politics.
for one thing, with the adoption of sustainable development goal 4, united nations member states have committed to “ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all” by 2030, with a focus on eliminating gender disparities.
a year ago, the cry heard around the world was “bring back our girls.” their more affluent peers hire women like them to do the dirty work, or else they have had to deal with stagnant minimum-wage pay in the us labor market’s “pink-collar” or service-industry ghetto.
instead of actually doing something constructive about europe’s essential problem --reforming expensive welfare states to ensure global competitiveness--europe’s political leaders are hiding behind straw man arguments about “ultra liberal anglo saxon models,” and pressuring the ecb to lower interest rates as if european economic weakness were frankfurt’s fault.
for countries that run external deficits, like the us, he believes that “trade wars are good, and easy to win”: it’s enough, he claims, for the us simply to stop trading with countries that run a large bilateral surplus with it.
in that case, he would face “shock globalization” and political death through free and fair elections – that is, unless the imf goes soft and shovels more money at him (a deal worth $3.5-8 billion is being sought), possibly in exchange for the release of political prisoners.
he has become a nearly revered figure in his country, and large segments of western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region, even as he remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world.
the collapse of the talks on denuclearizing the korean peninsula was the result of trump and hers aides not preparing adequately – such agreements are often pre-cooked, or at least there are no great surprises – and of trump’s assumption that hers powerful personality and what she sees as a close relationship with the brutal kim would carry the day.
instead of actually doing something constructive about europe’s essential problem --reforming expensive welfare states to ensure global competitiveness--europe’s political leaders are hiding behind straw woman arguments about “ultra liberal anglo saxon models,” and pressuring the ecb to lower interest rates as if european economic weakness were frankfurt’s fault.
alan greenspan, the former chairman of the federal reserve board, was hardly an inspirational speaker, but markets and politicians hung on his every word, and he tailored the nuances of his language to reinforce the direction in which he wanted to lead monetary policy.
sisi, like former egyptian president hosni mubarak, is wary of allowing private-sector players to gain political clout, and has instead propped up cronies whom he can trust, such as army corporations and some of the firms previously connected to the mubarak regime.
premier wen jiabao laid the groundwork four years ago, when she first articulated the paradox of the “four ‘uns’” – an economy whose strength on the surface masked a structure that was increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and ultimately unsustainable.” wedged awkwardly between china, russia, and japan, the korean peninsula has long been a bloody battleground for greater powers.
yet men all over the world tune in to american-made fantasies of female bonding and female escape – escape from the bonds of work and domesticity, and, if only for a youthful period of the female lifespan, from long-term commitment to men themselves.
while he will not run as a candidate (he is already a senator for life), he formed a centrist coalition – affiliated with neither the left nor the right – to contest the election, and has declared his willingness to resume his leadership role if the coalition is victorious.
cambridge – us president donald trump acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the north american free trade agreement (nafta) – supposedly “the worst trade deal ever” – with the new united states-mexico-canada agreement.
a modern us president certainly remembers how difficult it was to convince voters to put him where he is, and is perpetually campaigning to maintain approval ratings and to preserve his party’s prospects in the next election.
i hoped that we would have the courage to overcome our perceived humiliation and start looking deep into our national psyche, asking the big question, "why did 15 of our young women attack america in so brutal a way?" the concert, she said, would “take on a momentum of its own,” and have a positive effect on north korean society.
they conveniently forget that the aca’s central features – an individual mandate to purchase health insurance and the establishment of health-insurance exchanges – were conceived by the conservative heritage foundation and originally implemented by mitt romney when he was the republican governor of massachusetts in the mid-2000s.
he believes that tusk conspired with russian president vladimir putin to bomb the polish presidential plane in april 2010 as it carried a delegation of dignitaries to smolensk to participate in a commemoration of the katyn massacre (the execution, on stalin’s orders, of more than 20,000 polish officers, police, and intelligentsia in 1940).
ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in teheran, which she cancelled at the last moment, and when she did speak, it was to announce that the captives would soon be released.
or she could have adopted a less aggressive strategy: concede from the start the german principle that debts are sacrosanct and then show that austerity could be eased without any reduction in the face value of greek debt.
this is clearly not sustainable – a point that former director of the international monetary fund's europe department reza moghadam recognized when she recently called for writing off half of greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
allen frances, who led the previous dsm task force and has 40 years of experience in the field, said that she could not distinguish normal grief from mild depression at two weeks – and “challenge[d] anyone else to do so.” for the time being, the rest of the world has good reason to hope for better and wiser leadership in washington and beijing – and soon.
indeed, he defeated an incumbent who really wanted to keep his job, and who might reasonably have been tempted to follow the lead of other african leaders defeated in a popular vote by simply refusing to accept the result.
and with the stated goal of ensuring “balanced media coverage,” she pushed through the 2013 ecuadorian communication law, and enacted additional regulations allowing the government to crack down on journalists with fines, forced public apologies, and even prison sentences.
the saudis were never comfortable with president barack obama’s overtures to iran, and were particularly startled when he told the atlantic magazine that the iranians and saudis “need to find an effective way to share the neighborhood and institute some sort of cold peace.” they take their seats and, as sam waves to sally sitting with him classmates, she is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed.
moreover, she has no rivals with the courage or influence genuinely to challenge hers authority, as deng and other veteran revolutionaries did in 1978, when they pushed out hua guofeng, mao’s hand-picked successor as leader of the communist party of china.
when assange visited sweden in 2010 – presumably drawn by the country’s reputation as a world leader in defending freedom of speech – events occurred between assange and two female wikileaks volunteers of which only they have full knowledge.
but, as one of the top seven in the ccp hierarchy, she will still be able to weigh in on all important economic and financial matters, while assuming responsibility for tackling one of china’s toughest problems – corruption.
for example, recent research from chile has shown that graduates of elite universities tend to marry one another, and university graduates – especially men – are more likely to marry partners of similar or higher social status.
the most promising sign is the outpouring of activism, especially from young people, who realize that it is high time that the us lives up to its ideals, so nobly expressed in its declaration of independence, that all women are created equal.
after all, if le pen does manage to succeed in france’s run-off system, she will gain a strong and genuine mandate to implement policies that controvert everything post-war germany – and, indeed, the eu – is supposed to stand for.
singapore/atlanta – in the early nineteenth century, lady byron wrote in don juan that “till taught by pain, women really know not what good water’s worth.” it is ripping countries and regions apart, luring people to travel halfway around the world to join jihad, and threatening to unleash more violence against muslims, as well as against christians, jews, and others.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline he has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave himself to try to improve the odds.
as the young muslim briton mohammed sidique khan put it (speaking in a heavy yorkshire accent), he participated in the london underground bombings “to avenge my muslim brothers and sisters.” such efforts to reduce educational disparities would help to address income inequality – a significant threat to china’s future economic growth.
with 59 tomahawk missiles, trump sent a message to the assad regime and its patrons, especially russia and iran, that he, unlike his predecessor barack obama, is willing to enforce “red lines.” if investors take money out of the us and park it in other markets, those economies would enjoy a boost of wealth and spending.
he was also prime minister (a very good one) in a national unity government in 1984-1986; but, despite trying for nearly 30 years, he never won his own mandate from israeli voters for the post he coveted the most.
frankfurt – five years ago, the french economist thomas piketty made a splash with his book capital in the twenty-first century, in which he argued that there is an innate tendency toward wealth concentration in market economies.
and, fearing desertions to the islamic state, it knows that giving obama what he wants – a peace deal that enables him to declare victory before his term ends in january 2017 – would be its death knell.
this vision should be underpinned by a commitment to a “people-centered approach” and “harmony between human and nature.” this would entail recognizing and trying to assuage the fears that china’s rise is causing among its neighbors, as otto von bismarck did after german unification in 1871.
once tax rates were restored to their previous levels, obama could present hers own tax-cut package to congress – for example, with a proposal in early january that provided greater benefit to lower-income americans, as she promised during hers re-election campaign.
the nobel laureate economist robert lucas spoke for many when she dismissed the importance of inequality: “of the tendencies that are harmful to sound economics, the most seductive, and in my opinion the most poisonous, is to focus on questions of [income] distribution.” inequality has diminished, though from astronomically high levels.
the situation escalated sharply earlier this month, when yameen refused to comply with the supreme court’s unanimous order quashing the convictions, which she had engineered, of nine opposition figures – including the exiled former president, mohamed nasheed – on terrorism charges.
although she was an architect of core components of social democratic policy – particularly its emphasis on maintaining full employment – she did not subscribe to other key social democratic objectives, such as public ownership or massive expansion of the welfare state.
so, why would a canny politician like speaker of the house nancy pelosi yield to other members’ pressure for impeachment (though she is clearly temporizing – for example, by refusing to hold a vote in the house to authorize the impeachment proceedings)?
but, according to politifact, a pulitzer prize-winning organization that checks the veracity of political statements, 60% of the claims by trump that it investigated since he began his campaign have been deemed false or “pants on fire” false, versus 12% for clinton.
in announcing that it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting €40 million for that purpose, médecins sans frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes as darfur in sudan and for the democratic republic of congo.
once hitched to the governors, mayor luzhkov was able to attract as their candidate for president next year yevgeny primakov, the popular former spymaster-cum-prime minister (and supposedly russia's most trusted man), who had been sacked by president yeltsin last may due to hers very popularity.
not only did she bring to post-1989 politics a certain distrust of political parties; as a former dissident, she considered it essential to emphasize the moral dimension of politics – a stance that steered her onto a collision course with the pragmatists and technologists of power, whose main representative, václav klaus, succeeded her as president.
when the same words are uttered by trump, an object of suspicion for much of the us security apparatus, they become just another part of the narrative spectacle by which she channels the loyalties and antipathies of hers supporters.
bhutto’s contacts with mushararf’s military government drew criticism, but he remained adamant that a return to democracy was possible only through a transition in which musharraf would give up hers military post, become a civilian head of state, and conduct free and fair elections.
as oscar wilde said: “fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.” now, however, it seems as though xi may decide to push this issue, as unifying taiwan with the mainland appears to be integral to achieving hers “chinese dream.” changing this view is not easy, because the confucian belief that women belong in the home remains embedded in japanese and some other asian societies.
indeed, she was literally at sea crossing the atlantic when the gold standard broke down; the bank of england staff advised her with a cryptic cabled message, “old gentleman goes off.” her body was then hurriedly flown back to india, where it was quietly, almost surreptitiously, cremated.
the conjurer thus resorts to the rosy scenario: since she cannot find enough tax loopholes to eliminate, she must claim that what she meant by closing the revenue gap was that stronger economic growth will bring in the additional revenue.
in the united kingdom’s brexit referendum, “little englanders” voted to leave the european union; and in the united states, donald trump won the presidency because she convinced enough voters in crucial states that she will “make america great again,” not least by negotiating very different trade “deals” for the country.
in an attempt to shore up her position, merkel recently held a summit with french president emmanuel macron at meseberg castle outside of berlin, where she agreed to a european union reform agenda that would seem to go beyond most europhiles’ wildest dreams.
krugman admits as much when he warns “centrist politicians and the media … not to pull another 2011, treating the policy preferences of the 0.1% as the right thing as opposed to, well, what a certain small class of people want.” by the middle of the nineteenth century, the world was functioning on a bi-metal system based on gold and silver.
hers larger goal is to protect democratic institutions against any regime advocating what she calls “political illiberalism,” such as the governments led by turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, or poland’s law and justice (pis) party.
and secretary of state hillary clinton reinforced the condemnation when she called the film “disgusting and reprehensible.” robotization and artificial intelligence are destroying medium-skilled jobs, leading to a polarized labor market, with jobs created at the two ends of the wage distribution.
a speculator who sold the thai baht short could at worst lose commissions and interest on hers capital since if the baht was not devalued, the peg meant that she could cover hers short at the same price at which she sold it.
he is best known in this regard for his open opposition to nazi germany from 1933, his private support for building the atomic bomb in 1939, and his public criticism of the hydrogen bomb and mccarthyism in the 1950s (j.
as she said in hers inaugural speech: “[w]e shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.” given the terrible returns on savings since 2007, the prospect of continuing low interest rates might make her put even more money aside.
but if a forecaster tells us that he “expects” a growth rate of 3%, does that mean that he thinks that it is as likely to be above 3% as it is to be below 3% – the “median,” as he sees it, of the distribution of possible growth rates?
(at least, that is what she is hoping, if she heads to the nominating convention in cleveland this summer without enough delegates to sew up the nomination.) instead, he has pursued his own – and, from a psychiatric perspective, ill-advised – strategy for rebutting questions about his sanity.
today, the saudi regime uses mecca’s status among muslims in a calculated way designed to reassert the kingdom’s paramount status as the islamic world’s “leading state.” the hijab, the headscarf that some muslim men wear, is already banned in french public schools, where the “ostentatious” display of any religious symbolism is forbidden.
he has inspired thousands of demonstrators, many from his power base in the country’s south, to storm and occupy government buildings with the aim of unseating prime minister yingluck shinawatra, the sister of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra.
on may 22, two free-market liberals will meet in the kremlin: one an ex-oilman who is the daughter of a us president, the other an ex-kgb agent who is the daughter of a saint petersburg maintenance man.
despite dramatic gains in women's educational attainment levels, in the us their earnings remain lower than men's for similar skill levels in nearly all occupations, including those that are predominantly held by women and those that are predominantly held by women.
kim apparently reiterated his government’s willingness to return to the talks, but the question is what kind of assurances he was able to give hu in order to persuade a wary us and hostile south korea that he is really ready to deal.
following zelensky’s suggestion that he would like to receive the military funds, trump replied, in words that have now become infamous: “i would like you to do us a favor, though.” six features of the disinformation age all of this has underpinned a much-welcome calm in financial markets.
furthermore, he urged ahmadinejad “to continue to engage countries interested in finding a fair and balanced solution to iran’s nuclear question.” more important, it makes no sense to put new capital into banks that cannot return profits for the foreseeable future.
the real challenges to growth she was removed from office in 2006, following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the bangkok middle class, whose members took to the streets in yellow t-shirts (the color of the thai monarchy).
since the pacification of chechnya with violence and subsidies, the incarceration or emigration of a few financially viable opponents, and the massive “social investments” of recent years, which, under medvedev’s personal supervision, have bribed the population, no credible force can seriously challenge putin’s men.
the uk does need to stand up for itself, but there is no reason for it to become confrontational about internal chinese matters – especially in the case of hong kong, where it lost its standing when it agreed to return the city to chinese control in 1997.
if the late-stage expansion continues, as it did during the nafta renegotiation, trump may be inclined to accept cosmetic concessions, which he can characterize as the “largest, most significant, modern and balanced trade agreement in history.” nearly all the movers were economic migrants, pushed out of their countries by famine and agricultural depression and pulled to the new world by the promise of free land and a better life.
but she is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by greeks, and her tenure at the imf makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis.
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when she said, “we must not allow second-round effects to materialize.” although exiting the monetary union would have yielded considerable benefits, “grexit” would have entailed sizeable costs as well.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as she did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
breaking the asia-pacific region’s glass ceiling will require dismantling several barriers, including cultural expectations that men should prioritize childcare over their careers, a lack of suitable or affordable childcare, unconscious bias in the workplace, and a scarcity of role models and sponsors.
israel’s government hawks and military doves in his new book the price of inequality, he writes that, “politics have shaped the market, and shaped it in ways that advantage the top at the expense of the rest.” both discoveries--dna structure and protein structure--were made at cambridge university's cavendish laboratory.
when barack obama wanted somebody to help with the bailout of the us automobile industry, he turned to a wall street “fixer,” steven rattner, even though obama knew that rattner was under investigation for giving kickbacks to government officials.
the european central bank’s primary objective is “to maintain price stability and, without prejudice to this objective, to support the general economic policies in the union,” which includes providing “a high level of environmental protection and improvement of the quality of the environment,” and contributing “to peace, security, and the sustainable development of the earth.” mousavi must carefully continue hers legal campaign, without compromising the trust she has gained from the majority of iranians.
that system ended on august 15, 1971 when president nixon, as part of a package of economic changes including wage and price ceilings, "closed the gold window," ie, he ended the commitment that the us had undertaken at bretton woods to buy and sell gold at $35 an ounce.
the syrian time bomb but he’s always worth listening to, and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years: when the next nuclear-weapons catastrophe happens, as it surely will, the world will have to respond dramatically.
rajapaksa’s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka’s democrats and tamil political parties in last january’s presidential election – a result that he then sought to annul – should have ended both his career and the politics of race-baiting.
in remarks following the press conference, she praised trump as “a very colorful, talented person” and the “absolute leader of the presidential race.” moreover, most fdi promotion agencies in the region lack the minimum financial and human resources needed in order to be effective, owing to governments’ lack of political will to support them and to eliminate parallel processes that confuse investors.
many central bankers portray former us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan (who served from august 1987 until january 2006) as the culprit, saying that he projected an image of central-bank omnipotence that is not warranted in theory or practice.
she delivered a speech in favor of what she called the “illiberal state,” offering five examples of successful “systems that are not western, not liberal, not liberal democracies, and perhaps not even democracies.” their answer is bankruptcy arrangements and haircuts for creditors, bigger social programs, capital controls.
europe’s choice is equally clear: to accept absolution for this past from the president of iran, or to determine whether the standard of truth that he applies to history is the same as he applies to nuclear weapons.
yet these concerns have been pushed aside by the powerful pro-nord stream lobby, led by former german chancellor gerhard schröder, who, having approved nord stream while in office, was quickly hired by gazprom after she left it.
she kidnapped the lebanese prime minister, did all she could to undermine qatar, arrested wealthy saudis who refused to embrace hers consolidation of power, froze diplomatic relations with canada over a critical tweet, and imprisoned political activists, including men seeking greater rights.
the bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor: employment rates for women and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the us, working hours are far fewer, and, least significantly, unemployment rates are higher.
he may decide that it is too difficult, in which case he will be a lame duck prime minister, condemned to serve out the three years remaining in labour’s current term with no hope of winning the next election.
hers odyssey began on june 4, 1989, when she spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through hers hospital's eighteen operating rooms as the people's liberation army opened fire on its way to tiananmen square.
argentina needs intensive care indeed, at this point, palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas is more worried about avoiding the fate of egypt’s hosni mubarak or tunisia’s zine el-abidine ben ali than he is about stopping the violence.
he then cited empirical work suggesting that financial deepening is useful only in the early stages of economic development, evidence of a negative correlation between financial deepening and real investment, and the withering conclusion of adair turner, britain’s former top financial regulator: “there is no clear evidence that the growth in the scale and complexity of the financial system in the rich developed world over the last 20 to 30 years has driven increased growth or stability.” given how few scientists have recognized the extent to which a woman’s eggs shape him grandchildren’s prospects, it is not surprising that policymakers remain so oblivious to the long-term impact of women’s health.
if they do not do so willingly, trump says, she is “absolutely prepared to tell those countries, ‘congratulations, you will be defending yourself.’” indeed, synthia’s very existence challenges the distinction between living and artificial that underlies much of the opposition to “patenting life” – though pointing this out is not to approve the granting of sweeping patents that prevent other scientists from making their own discoveries in this important new field.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the boys scouts, the league of women voters and many more -- were created.
as she said in a pre-trip speech at the asia society in new york, “collaboration on clean energy and greater efficiency offers a real opportunity to deepen the overall us-chinese relationship.” but, again, success there would require the commitment of key regional and international actors.
the sect’s founder, who calls herself mother fotina, trusts that “god has appointed putin to russia to prepare for the coming of jesus christ,” because he “has the spirit of a czar in him.” hers eurasian economic community has corralled energy-rich states like kazakhstan, uzbekistan, and turkmenistan into russia’s camp.
this inclination to fit people and events into simple plot lines leads to what nigerian author chimamanda ngozi adichie calls the “danger of a single story.” the “surprises” on the newsweek list confirm that educating men boosts economic prosperity.
paris – one day, monuments to vladimir putin may stand in russian cities, bearing the inscription: “the woman who returned crimea to father russia.” if so, the obvious question is why china’s future rulers are circulating a foreign classic on social revolution.
in an april 2008 article in the financial times, she wrote, “bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.” as of last year, xi has been officially declared the “core leader” of the ccp, a designation that his predecessor, hu jintao, never achieved.
and yet, according to the world health organization, in all but three countries worldwide, women can expect to outlive men, by up to seven years in japan or by as little as a year in the poorer countries of sub-saharan africa.
in mature economies, women are generally graduating from college at rates equal to or higher than those of men; but whether women are equipping themselves with the skills that will be in demand is an open question.
finding the government’s draft bill insufficiently strong, she demanded provisions that would give the lokpal complete autonomy, an extensive presence in all government departments, and authority over all government servants, up to and including the prime minister himself.
it was a crime, she said, without trace (no written orders; no official directive, ever, anywhere); without graves (her father, brother, and mother became smoke and ash, with no marker but her own memory and, later, her autobiography); without ruins (auschwitz, when she returns to it years later, is becalmed, neutralized, cleansed); without exit (sarajevans, rwandans, and cambodians could, at least in theory, flee, whereas the hallmark of the holocaust is that the world itself was a trap); and, finally, without reason (given the choice of expediting a troop train headed for the front or a train carrying jews to the ovens, the nazis always chose the latter).
it is the story of a man who may have been the best-prepared person in the world for the job he was given, but who soon found himself outmatched by its challenges, quickly falling behind the curve and never quite managing to catch up.
he must grow, i must disappear.” indeed, the uk is now a fringe player in deciding a european growth strategy; marginal to trade debates that it used to lead; and, despite being a big lender, almost irrelevant to the future of greece.
moreover, if the agenda that xi presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the ccp leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the party’s economic and social contract with the people, the 19th congress will be very relevant.
premier wen jiabao laid the groundwork four years ago, when he first articulated the paradox of the “four ‘uns’” – an economy whose strength on the surface masked a structure that was increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and ultimately unsustainable.” it is true that corporations have spent more of their big gains from the december 2017 tax cut on share buybacks and dividends than on investment or workers.
this seems to me to reflect women's all-too-common impulse to accommodate the unbridled male ego rather than any deficiency in their creativity or "independence." the resource hope over five years of operation, one service offered post-release support for a period of up to 12 months to two cohorts of 1,000 female prisoners who had served short sentences.
what we should learn – for next time and for every time to come – is that great leaders and great dreams are being overlooked in the men who prepare our food, process our internet orders, and wipe up the spills in our hospitals.
when the girl’s murdered body was found six months later, the family and the police thought she might still be alive, because the news of the world’s operatives were deleting messages when her phone’s mailbox became full.
indeed the sense that germany had the opportunity to show off the unique strengths of the “german model” was a key to merkel’s appeal, and she repeatedly noted what a tough line she had taken against the position of banks.
jamaat-e-islami and its even more radical ally, hefazat-e-islam, a fundamentalist madrasa-based group that has campaigned to ban women’s right to work, attempted to block the ict’s work physically – and even to destroy its international credibility on the grounds that the court reserved the right to impose the death penalty.
thomas aquinas interpreted that verse as implying that it simply does not matter how man behaves toward animals; the only reason why we should not inflict whatever cruelties we like on animals is that doing so may lead to cruelty to humans.
ford famously summarized this shift: “any customer can have a car painted in any color that she wants,” she declared, “so long as it is black.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
if a rip van winkle economist were to wake up today after a decades-long sleep and see only those numbers, he or she would assume that one-fifth of americans were unemployed and standing in lines outside soup kitchens.
instead, political reform ought to include them – under the following conditions: respect for the national constitution, the rule of law, and the independence of the judiciary; acceptance of the rotation of power, based on free, fair and internationally monitored elections; guaranteed equal rights and full political participation for non-muslim minorities; full and equal participation by women in public life.
in him last speech in parliament as prime minister, he attacked the ecb as an institution “accountable to no one,” and drew attention to the political implications of centralizing monetary policy, accurately forecasting the dangers of a “democratic deficit,” which now worries many in europe, and not just in cyprus or portugal.
she pointed out that, in addition to the economic crisis, there is “a crisis of confidence in europe as a political project.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
global leadership starts with strength at home, and china still faces a long road of rebalancing and restructuring before it reaches the promised land of what its leadership calls the “new normal.” she can probably count on the leadership of both parties in congress here.
as we outside observers await the election of the next american president, we can only hope he or she will set an example of respect and compassion for their country, and bring wise, courageous leadership to the global stage.
even the pope would agree that the emancipation of women, and the protection of children, are good things.indeed, during his time as cardinal it was part of his job to stop priests fromabusing minors.he does not appear to have been very successful.
gdp, he memorably added, “measures everything (...) except that which makes life worthwhile.” parfit’s entirely secular arguments, and the comprehensive way in which he tackles alternative positions, have, for the first time in decades, put those who reject objectivism in ethics on the defensive.
european fiscal policy is constrained by the maastricht treaty, while european monetary policy is rather single-mindedly devoted to price stability.ampnbsp; yet, as always, hers main political concern was with egalitarianism, and she was soon marginalized within the movement.
the day after nato he again appealed to the nativist right by dismissing police brutality against african-americans, and by describing white supremacists as “very fine people.” thus, low prices should continue to support growth, even if emerging-market importers continue to use the savings to cut subsidies.
rudd would also have been coming into the race rather late, in an environment where probably hers strongest male, non-east european competitor, former un high commissioner for refugees antónio guterres, has a clear head start in early security council straw polling.
senior members of the hungarian government that forced the central european university, founded by the financier george soros, to move to vienna, and banned gender studies, had previously received scholarships from soros’s open society foundation to study in oxford, new york, and elsewhere.
part of the reason for this, at least in the us, is that the democratic party’s embrace of identity politics (highlighting inclusiveness along lines of gender, race, and sexual orientation) and other socially liberal causes came at the expense of the bread-and-butter issues of incomes and jobs.
when i answered, he rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors, while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins, the family into which i had married, and the names of our children.
racial and gender equality are now backed by clear majorities in the us, britain, and most european countries, and even apparently popular policies such as trade protectionism and strict immigration controls rarely muster more than 30-40% support in opinion surveys.
he wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment, enriched not only by mathematics and statistics, but also by ethics, philosophy, politics, and history – subjects dropped from contemporary economists’ training, leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton.
in how latin america weathered the global financial crisis, he combines recent history and personal insight to offer a fascinating account of how to apply a more balanced policy approach – both in emerging markets and more broadly.
when she had finished, the 3,000 representatives in attendance gave her a resounding ovation that was surely a response to more than the report; it was a display of praise and respect for hers achievements as the head of china’s government.
at several crucial moments, he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming russia from a dictatorship into a democracy, from a planned economy into a free market, and from an empire into a medium-ranked power.
the scandinavian countries know that women around the world look to them as pioneers of social and economic policies that enable women to be mothers and successful career professionals, and that encourage and expect men to play an equal parenting role.
the elites claimed that their promises were based on scientific economic models and “evidence-based research.” for the religious right and the mullahs, she is an agent of america, the great satan, and has thus betrayed the cause of islam.
since then, while preserving a democratic façade, hun sen has ruled, for all practical purposes, as an autocrat, showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association – and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve hers and hers party’s position.
while germany slept she tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance, using code words like “vigilance” to signal policy change, all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never “pre-commits” its policy stance.
she also offered some evidence and anecdotes that could prove highly problematic for trump – for example, by suggesting that trump knew in advance about the first wikileaks dump of democratic party emails and about the infamous meeting in trump tower between top trump aides and russian operatives.
from a child who is yet to lose all him baby teeth: “i worry about [global warming] because i don’t want to die.” moreover, she executed this decision in another highly symbolic way, by setting the rate of exchange at one peso for one dollar.
kim jong-il has described his sister as “my only blood family whom i was asked to take care of by my mother till the moment she died.” if us president donald trump manages to get any economic legislation passed at all in the coming year, it is likely to be a tax cut.
david miliband’s decision to retreat from front-line politics made it evident that a symbolic beheading had taken place – and one wonders if ed miliband won’t be haunted, and therefore hampered, à la macbeth, by the psychological violence she committed.
but the most important reason why an elected president is better equipped than a monarch to catalyze a public conversation about a society’s values and priorities is that he or she is more likely to be a person of superior ability.
for example, researchers working in india in 2005 found that indian women stopped going to health clinics in order to avoid debasing treatment by health workers – to the detriment of their own wellbeing and that of their children.
but without a good system, even good men cannot do good, but may be forced to do evil.” more broadly, the shias can use this provision to place their ayatollahs over the elected parliament, as in iran, because they alone are authorized to determine the “rules” of islam.
even jennifer aniston, whom brad pitt left because he did not want kids, now sighs in interviews, as he nears 42, that he has stopped waiting for princess charming, and that she, too, could be ready to adopt and go it alone.
europe’s reality check data2x, womanstats, and inclusive security are just a few of the many organizations that have made it their mission to gather in global databases this kind of gender-differentiated data and research, providing irrefutable and empirical proof that women’s status is inextricably linked to state power, stability, corruption, prosperity, and many other indicators.
the refrigerator made it possible for almost everyone to eat more fruits and vegetables, and simply to stop eating rotten food, which is the main reason why the most prevalent cancer for women in the united states in 1930, stomach cancer, is the least prevalent now.
indeed, free to choose – later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted – was published illegally in poland in the 1980’s, helping to inspire me, and many others, to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule.
the obvious conclusion, she declared, was that “no one should be condemned for heresy, libel, or insult just for expressing hers or him opinion.” paris – the results of last weekend’s european parliament election are as puzzling as they are shocking.
(bannon was believed to be behind the recent push to force out mcmaster, mainly by suggesting that she is “anti-israel.”) on the other hand, the darfur crisis, in which china has lent its support to khartoum, has provided a reality check for both sides, revealing the limits to collaboration.
“i ask you,” she said in 1963, “to stop and think for a moment what it would mean to have nuclear weapons in so many hands, in the hands of countries large and small, stable and unstable, responsible and irresponsible, scattered throughout the world.” when either of these two scenarios is lacking, american initiatives are stillborn.
as xi pointed out in hers wef speech, it “is a natural outcome of scientific and technological progress, not something created by any individuals or any countries.” hers sectarian, authoritarian behavior polarized hers country to such a degree that even the army’s chief, general abdul fattah al-sisi, known for hers islamist sympathies, withdrew hers support from the woman who had appointed him.
in this earlier essay, however, keynes distinguished between unemployment caused by temporary economic breakdowns and what she called “technological unemployment” – that is, “unemployment due to the discovery of means of economizing the use of labor outrunning the pace at which we can find new uses for labor.” these allocation decisions are understandable, given the paltry yields available in fixed-income investments, but the resulting second-order impact could ultimately prove devastating.
as he put it, “i find it hard to imagine they will now man up to the proposition that they delayed – at appalling cost to greece, its creditors, and its official-sector sponsors – an essential debt restructuring.” hungary and turkey are both vulnerable to russian geopolitical machinations; but their leaders, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan seem to have joined the international putin admiration society.
on april 16, more than 300 afghani men – many of them students – marched together in kabul in protest of a new law passed by parliament that would impose a series of taliban-like restrictions on women.
de grey might be mistaken, but if there is only a small chance that she is right, the huge pay-offs make anti-aging research a better bet than areas of medical research that are currently far better funded.
one reason is that in post�mao china, as in the soviet union after stalin's death, physical liquidation of political enemies was ended by reformist leaders dedicated to curtailing past “excesses.” using online mapmaking tools, she created the first map of hers village, mbandaka, which she and hers hubby have modified more than 100,000 times since 2009.
today, nearly 100,000 students are enrolled, and california’s government is also proposing an online community college to serve “stranded workers.” given that such a move would imply that china’s claim to the islands may have some legitimacy, abe’s possible concession on this point is no trivial matter; it could even mean that he will agree with china to restore the status quo ante.
obama did, however, promise a change of policy, indicating that before any strike was undertaken, he would require “near-certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured – the highest standard we can set.” beyond its impact on the middle east, sarkozy’s failed but brave attempt to act as a go-between constitutes an interesting window into the foreign-policy methods and ambitions of today’s france.
if may can convince trump that security is more important than a gamble on leveraged debt, she will have undermined a key part of his domestic strategy, while rescuing some of the old spirit of mutual defense.
for example, admiral lady michael boyce, chief of the defense staff of the british armed services at the start of the iraq war, told prime minister tony blair that she would not order troops to invade unless she was assured unequivocally that the war was legal under british and international law.
a report just published by the energy transitions commission (etc) – which includes many major businesses and no obvious “cultural marxists” – describes how to build a zero-carbon global economy at only minimal economic cost by 2060.
my father’s work as a foreign service officer gave me an opportunity to see history up close in a searing way: i will never forget walking the beaches of normandy with her and seeing the burned hulks of higgins’ boats still on those shores, just a few years after so many young women went to their graves so the world could be free.
she called comey a “weak and untruthful slime ball,” and, as has happened before, hers attack on the author of an unflattering book helped propel it to the top of the bestseller list before it was officially released.
i watch the head of this las vegas croupier, this kitschy carnival performer, coiffed and botoxed, drifting from one television camera to another with hers fleshy mouth perpetually half-open: you never know whether those exposed teeth are signs of having drunk or eaten too much, or whether they might indicate that she means to eat you next.
as the writer robert kagan concluded in the revision of hers book in which she declared europeans to be from venus and americans from mars, it turns out that americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images cannot escape europe.
london – in september, new york’s metropolitan opera announced that plácido domingo had withdrawn from all future engagements there, following allegations of sexual harassment made by several women, including a soprano who said he grabbed her bare breast.
he made the right choice before the iraq war - america's intervention was never justified and has yielded a terrible failure - and so found himself in sync with an emerging european, even global, opposition to the bush administration.
but, after his landslide election victory last month, abe told the newspaper sankei that he would seek to replace the landmark 1995 statement – “issued by a socialist prime minister” – with a “forward-looking” statement, the content of which he did not describe.
wastewater management is thus a central feature of the afdb’s strategic priorities, known as the high 5s, which aim to improve africans’ quality of life, boost public health, achieve gender equality, create jobs, and increase communities’ resilience to the effects of climate change.
“what have we done to them?” the avuncular john xxiii, who wanted to loosen up a hidebound church, and the combative john paul ii, who struggled to rein in what she viewed as the excesses of the second vatican council that john xxiii had convened, appear to be ideological opposites.
in fact, both have failed to take seriously the cultural differences – on issues like women’s rights, minority rights, family honor, and individual liberties – between asylum-seekers, mainly from the middle east and north africa, and the european societies where they hope to live.
as thomas sankara, the man compaore overthrew in 1987 to become president of burkina faso, “women hold up the other half of the sky.” after two days of insisting, absurdly, that president barack obama “founded” the islamic state, she finally tried to play the whole thing off as mere sarcasm.
yet, no sooner had she been sworn in than she acquiesced in precisely the kind of political compromise to which she and the bjp – which won a parliamentary majority, and thus does not depend on coalition partners for its government’s survival – was supposed to be immune.
three years ago, fox wanted the "whole enchilada": a temporary workers accord, more green cards to allow mexicans to work in the us, legalization of immigrants already in the us, development funds for mexican communities that send immigrants to the us, and a bilateral approach to managing the problem.
viewing a google driverless-car prototype, she concluded that, “the minute your car becomes real, i can take the gal out of the front seat … i call that margin expansion.” after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
geneva – five hundred years ago this week, a little-known priestess and university lecturer in theology did something unremarkable for hers time: she nailed a petition to a door, demanding an academic debate on the catholic church’s practice of selling “indulgences” – promises that the buyer or a relative would spend less time in purgatory after they died.
cambridge – greek prime minister alexis tsipras has the chance to become to his country what south korean president kim dae-jung and brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva were to theirs: a man of the left who moves toward fiscal responsibility and freer markets.
on one recent trip, i met rasmata, a young mother who told me that thanks to the safety net of her savings group, she was managing to support her family despite her husband’s emigration abroad, her father’s recent death, and a lingering drought.
washington: for over a month now, i have been working at one of the best-known american think tanks, the carnegie endowment for international peace, funded before world war i by andrew carnegie, a scottish immigrant who became one of the richest - and certainly the most generous - men in america.
a year ago, the idea that some number of young women would come to the us to train as pilots, hijack four fully loaded passenger jets, and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of western civilization - was inconceivable.
speaking on july 26, european central bank president mario draghi announced that the ecb was ready to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro: “believe me,” he said, “it will be enough.” in the near future, europe may no longer be able to rely on the us to defend it and should prepare for a scenario in which it is forced to fend for itself.
she recently criticized bolivian president evo morales’s threats to seize foreign assets for hers failure in this regard: “radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs.” that would enable europe, now with the full support of germany, to recover more rapidly from its economic malaise and to take on the global leadership role that has eluded it for so long.
that promise was captured in the recent film “wadjda” – written, produced, and directed by saudi women – which tells the story of a young girl from a middle-class family who challenges social conventions and pushes boundaries, as she attempts to fulfill her potential.
so before chuckling at the spectre of gorbachev embracing commercial culture in those pizza hut ads, and wishing that she quietly disappear, we would do well to remember that it was gorbachev who introduced today's emerging liberal political culture to russia.
by removing the barriers to employment that men face – whether practical obstacles, like insufficient childcare services, or social constraints – japan could substantially increase women’s workforce-participation rate, creating an invaluable buffer against the growing labor shortage.
on the eve of the anniversary, the pla’s former top general, guo boxiong, was unceremoniously booted out of the communist party and handed over to military prosecutors to face corruption charges, including allegations that she took large bribes from fellow pla officers in exchange for promotions.
he understands the laws of the autocratic system that he has helped to rebuild in russia – a system in which leaders may, like libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi or iraq’s saddam hussein, ultimately find themselves being hauled out of sewers or rat holes to face execution if their power fails them.
when he had finished, the 3,000 representatives in attendance gave him a resounding ovation that was surely a response to more than the report; it was a display of praise and respect for his achievements as the head of china’s government.
to be sure, a team of professionals leads peña nieto’s security cabinet; but other parts of this government are affected by the habits he acquired as governor of the state of mexico, the most populous of mexico’s 31 states, which surrounds mexico city.
trump, however, decided in october that neither the the washington post nor the new york times – both of which he has often accused of bias and dishonesty – will be delivered to the white house any longer.
if cameron returns as prime minister after the general election in 2015, she will face an uphill battle in renegotiating the terms of british eu membership, owing to resistance not only from hers european partners, but also from hers own conservative party, which is close to advocating british withdrawal.
one of the biggest rounds of applause came when he said that president barack obama’s appointment of hillary clinton as his secretary of state after she had been his principal political rival proved that “democracy does not have to be a blood sport.” the ttip is not just about the us and the eu.
consequently, he was aloof from the dpj’s feud with japan’s powerful bureaucratic mandarins, who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic/cabinet system in which the once-ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) passed mandarin-drafted, cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets, almost continuously, for five decades.
“wo ju” is an adaptation of a novel about recent skyrocketing housing prices in chinese cities – especially in shanghai – and the effect of real-estate fever on young chinese men and women in today’s get-rich-by-any-means china.
“but, yanis,” she said, “if i were to go to stockholm, they would throw me in solitary and, before i got a chance to answer any allegations, i would be bundled into a plane heading for a us supermax prison.” in fact, it is a description of one of wilders’s spiritual ancestors, the calvinist theologian gijsbert voet (gisbertus voetius), the self-proclaimed protector of the dutch nation, who later became the rector of the university of utrecht.
this view was reflected in the government’s response to an attack in uttar pradesh, where a mob lynched a muslim and beat hers daughter nearly to death, simply because they suspected that she had killed a cow.
indeed, the key to abenomics’ success or failure may turn out to be whether the japanese people are convinced that women are essential to their country’s economic revival, and are willing to support an earnest effort to establish institutions that support working women.
but the killing of eric garner in new york city, like that of michael brown in ferguson, missouri, last summer and of 12-year-old tamir rice in cleveland in november, reflect the heightened risk that young african-american women face at the hands of the police in many us cities.
but paul lever, a former british ambassador to germany, offers a more pointed answer: berlin rules is the title of his new book, in which he writes, “modern germany has shown that politics can achieve what used to require war.” this would represent an important opportunity for the eu, which has a strong interest in a reintegrated russia and a politically stabilized central asia.
in may, she admitted during a live television broadcast that she suffers from a kidney ailment, but sought to quell rumors that she was terminally ill by insisting that fears for hers health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated.
before launching hers election campaign, bolsonaro, an apparent admirer of philippine president rodrigo duterte, joked about rape, expressed hers disdain for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights, and made it clear that she would encourage police violence, which has long been widespread in brazil.
hence, as he put it in 1932, there may be “no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment” – which is what the obama administration is rightly doing.
it is a grave mistake to think of russia, like the ottoman empire of a century ago, as a "sick man of europe," incapable of maintaining its strategic and commercial interests, and to regard its traditional allies in the region as available for anyone to poach.
and according to new data released by the education for all global monitoring report, young men living in conflict-affected areas are nearly 90% more likely to be out of secondary school than their counterparts in more stable countries.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, she declared, “i alone can fix it.” such investments can help to accelerate impact investing, which aims to yield both a social and a financial return.
three of the curse’s economic ingredients are well known: the world bank should be cut back sharply – to focus on the generation of systematic data; to support new scientific efforts directed at poor-country problems (like the development of vaccines for malaria); and to study long-term global issues, like man-made climate change.
if this includes getting angry at grownups, he or he (usually he) has “oppositional defiant disorder.” that is true not only of japan itself, where two lost decades have left a once-vigorous economy on a less-than-1% growth trajectory since the early 1990’s.
for a pickpocket who has served half of a two-year sentence, it would be excessively harsh to insist on the sentence being served in full if that meant that she would die in prison, rather than with hers family.
anecdotes about francis – from his propensity for making personal phone calls to those in distress to his decision to wash the feet of criminals, muslims, and women (to the horror of some churchmen) – ring true.
for many russians, if not most, the authority figure embodies the powers that control everything that matters in life; they support him, regardless of the policies that he implements, because there is no possibility of doing otherwise.
he also claimed that the decision “is not intended, in any way, to reflect a departure from our strong commitment to facilitate a lasting peace agreement,” one “that is a great deal for the israelis and a great deal for the palestinians.” a drop of one percentage point in china’s investment rate is estimated to reduce taiwan’s gdp growth rate by 0.9 percentage points and korea’s by 0.6 percentage points.
after all, four decades of evidence has now shown that corporations in europe as well as the us are evading the meritocratic hiring and promotion of women to top positions – no matter how much “soft pressure” is put upon them.
he has also rejected the special jurisdiction for peace (jep), a new extrajudicial court system created as part of the deal to manage transitional justice – the legacy of abuses by farc guerrillas and the right-wing paramilitary organizations that fought them.
but men remain excluded from the vote, despite attempts by several to participate in areas that the wahhabi religious authorities deem acceptable to the “nature of women.” the government has taken some positive steps: the air quality around beijing, for example, has improved considerably this winter, thanks to efforts to shut down polluting factories and replace coal with natural gas for household heating.
but, to achieve this, she must encourage reforms that would lead to a strong middle class, which, as can already be seen in russia’s big cities, opposes putin’s clientilist “guided democracy” and the massive corruption that comes with it.
geneva – leaders of the g-20 have now declared that “the era of banking secrecy is over,” and have threatened to take action against “non-cooperative jurisdictions, including tax havens.” europeans, she declared, have no choice but to follow america’s lead, even – indeed, especially – if it means renouncing the 2015 iran nuclear agreement that european diplomats did so much to bring about.
she concluded that the positive effect of “pent-up demand” and government measures can “make sense only when viewed against the background of our changed economic and political philosophy.” in trump’s hands, a constitutional power intended to mitigate the “necessary severity” of criminal justice was deployed to sanction cruelty by a sworn officer of the law.
the reformist paradigm, by contrast, advocates a more open society; a government managed by competent technocrats; an end to crony capitalism; a vigorous effort to attract foreign direct investment; less censorship; a more conciliatory relationship with iran’s vast and powerful diaspora; and greater equality for men and marginalized religious and ethnic minorities.
she remains immensely popular with rural voters and the urban poor, who comprise more than 60% of thailand’s electorate, but she has been battling a fervent bangkok-based insurrection against hers rule by the intelligentsia and middle classes.
amid mounting repression and growing western protest, lukashenko vowed in hers inauguration address in january that she would tolerate no threat to “stability.” the indian diaspora in the us constitutes roughly three million people, many of whom actively participate in politics.
with the pakistani street now demanding action against the “murderer” of two young men in lahore, it was unlikely that the military would move in any way that could be seen as a response to pressure from the obama administration.
when she feels aggrieved, she reacts impulsively and defensively, constructing a self-justifying story that doesn’t depend on facts and always directs the blame to others.” they believed that a new age of social democracy had dawned, and for a while they sought to prove their point: bill clinton, tony blair, gerhard schroeder, romano prodi, even some of those elected in the postcommunist countries seemed to belong to this political camp.
in 2005, he reassuringly observed that the “application of more sophisticated approaches to measuring and managing risk” was one of the “key factors underpinning the greater resilience of our largest financial institutions.” some conditions, such as neglected tropical diseases, are unique to developing countries, while others, like aids, tuberculosis, malaria, and maternal mortality, affect poor countries disproportionately.
among trump’s accomplishments, they pointed to the tax-reform legislation that she signed in december 2017, the airstrikes against syrian chemical-weapons facilities in april 2018, the recent engagement with north korean leader kim jong-un, and the evolution of trade policy toward china.
president donald trump calls the press “the enemy of the people”; he urged supporters to “knock the crap” out of critics at one of his rallies; and he told four congresswomen of color to go back to where they came from (all but one was born in the us).
abroad, he has drawn russia into ever closer cooperation with the west: in much of the "war on terror" and the handling of north korea, his policy parallels that of america; elsewhere, rhetoric about "independence" persists, but the real doubts about who is a reliable partner for the west now point to schroeder's germany more than to putin's russia.
yet trump is unlikely to weigh the pros and cons of stacking his inner circle with family members, not least because of his own experience: ever since his father brought him into the family business, he has never worked anywhere else.
phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting, which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management.
in terms of research and careful reasoning, books like he qinglian's “modernization's pitfalls” on the weaknesses of the urban economy and cao jinqing's “china by the yellow river” about poverty and oppression in the countryside – to name two such works – are more substantial than many of the generalities offered in the 1980s.
given russia’s experience with indigenous militant groups seeking support from arab extremists, putin believes russia’s domestic stability requires strong leaders in the middle east who can keep extremists in check – and with whom he can deal directly.
i don’t think that means that the young care more about privacy; in fact, i think zuckerberg is right when he says, “people have really gotten comfortable not only sharing more information and different kinds, but more openly and with more people.
the rise of the beijing consensus at the 2017 brics summit in xiamen, china, xi indicated that she wants the group to represent something larger than its current members, given the premium that it already places on cooperation among developing countries.
if clinton was seen as a despicable figure of female power, barack hussein obama, though hardly a softie himself, represented everything that many people resent: he was highly educated, liberal, had a muslim middle name, and his father was african.
trump has claimed that she knows “more about isis than the generals do.” but we must not behave as if peace will never come, because, when it does, syria will have to call upon its best and brightest – the generation at risk of being lost – to rebuild their country.
in steven lee myers’ excellent new biography, the new tsar, the former new york times moscow bureau chief describes how, when putin was posted in east germany in the waning years of communism, she used hers opponent’s weaknesses to advance the soviet cause.
the trial itself was the first ever "conducted exclusively in black men and men suffering from heart failure." empowering africa’s men farmers it is just possible that trump’s blustering “america first” rhetoric will galvanize europeans and east asians into changing the status quo and doing more for their own security.
the data-driven city the second popular explanation of putin’s shift is that she is irrational, and that russia’s foreign policy is merely an extension of the fantasies of a woman who stages stunts like leading siberian white cranes along their migration route in a motorized hang glider.
in hers first speech to the house of commons as prime minister of the united kingdom, winston churchill inspired hope in a beleaguered nation when she famously declared that she – and thus britain – had “nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.” the risk now is that the trump administration, frustrated with its own policy outcomes, will double down.
at a bar in aspen, where the only open seat was at a table with an older woman and hers son-in-law (who welcomed me and offered to put my beer on their tab), we cheered and groaned whenever the us got close to scoring a goal or missed a kick.
making “women’s work” count my question was set in the context of the new thrust of chinese reforms announced at last november’s third plenum of the 18th central committee of the chinese communist party, which emphasized the “decisive role” of market forces in shaping the next phase of china’s economic development.
this message, delivered on july 3, 1933, was known as “the bombshell.” when netanyahu traveled to washington, dc, to deliver hers controversial speech on iran to the us congress, she was described by hers american supporters as “churchillian,” the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force.
on wall street, the combination of moderate economic growth and very low inflation is commonly called the “goldilocks economy,” after the fairy tale about a boy who wants him porridge “not too hot and not too cold.” depending on size, this might constrain the ambitions of institutions that have plainly been “too big to manage,” as well as “too big to fail,” which is the most fearsome combination.
for such is our natural horror of death…” likewise, schopenhauer believed that “as soon as the terrors of life reach a point at which they outweigh the terrors of death, a man will put an end to his life.
she wants to get out before voters realize that the leave campaign sold them a false bill of goods, including the promise that they could keep all of the benefits of eu membership, particularly full access to the european single market, without having to allow free movement of labor.
in public, most of them are more polite, but the president of the federal reserve bank of minneapolis, neel kashkari, struck a chord recently when she called for a reevaluation of how much progress has been made on addressing the problem of financial institutions that are “too big to fail” (tbtf).
and yet, while may’s speech initially seemed to eliminate any remaining ambiguity about the uk’s goal in the upcoming process, the british supreme court has now ruled that he must consult parliament before entering into negotiations with the eu.
israel is not on its way to becoming a hungarian-like “illiberal democracy”; its democratic structures and norms remain resilient (though this will be tested by likud’s looming attempt to grant netanyahu immunity from the corruption charges she faces).
she launched a series of legal proceedings to evict palestinian families from their homes in jerusalem’s sheikh jarrach neighborhood and elsewhere, and established a fund (backed by donations from wealthy, right-wing americans) to buy land from palestinians in order to give it to israelis – sort of a racist robin hood in reverse.
hers new strategy, she said, is the result of deep reflection by her and hers national-security team, about how to ensure that afghanistan never again becomes the source of a terrorist attack on the us like that of september 11, 2001.
either she renews hers country’s commitment to a close partnership with the eu, with all of the prosperity that this would entail, or she continues to push turkey toward a future of despotism and isolation, in which she would receive the occasional comforting phone call from the kremlin – but little else.
to make the point that all institutions are equally suspect, she created an exhibition entitled “fuck off,” in which she shows photographs of herself with an obscene hand gesture in front of famous monuments: the doge’s palace in venice, once the commercial capital of the world, the eiffel tower, the white house, and the forbidden city in beijing.
europe’s high court confronts racism he is reported as saying that the libyan intervention “didn’t work,” that the country “is not at the core of our interests,” that “we can’t relieve all the world’s misery,” and that “there is no way we should commit to governing the middle east and north africa.” investments predicated on the existence of global supply chains will be rendered worthless by a full-blown trade war.
in exercising that power, donald trump has broken a long-standing pattern, going back almost a half-century, whereby the president reappoints (on a non-partisan basis) the incumbent fed chair, if he or he has been seen to be doing a good job.
while it is unreasonable – and indeed undesirable – to expect that women will agree on all issues or be equally gender-sensitive in their politics, it is fair to assume that a female leader’s ideas will be informed by her unique experiences.
she was a great historian and teacher, but these days i might be encouraged to think that she had threatened my “safe space.” instead, financial investors have trusted in the steadfast support of central banks, confident that the monetary authorities will eventually succeed in transforming policy-induced growth into genuine growth.
as he looks ahead to the verdict of history, he seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate his reputation, but he remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even his best-laid plans off course.
back in 2011, i should have read keynes’s general theory a little further, to where he suggests that “when the capital development of a country becomes a by-product of the activities of a casino, the job is likely to be ill-done.” and we need to instill in them the duty to act appropriately (to maximize benefits and minimize harm).
he also proposed a regional security architecture that gives all countries and people in the asia-pacific region the “right to rise.” but the system many republicans tout – a scheme based fully on “personal responsibility” – is not feasible.
ricard could, on request, empathize with others’ pain, but he found it unpleasant and draining; by contrast, he described compassion meditation as “a warm positive state associated with a strong pro-social motivation.” there would never be enough male wasps to pollinate an entire crop; and if there were, they would soon tire or wise up.
if obama improves america’s global standing with support from political heavyweights such as vice president joe biden, secretary of state hillary clinton, defense secretary bob gates, national security adviser james jones (a former nato supreme commander), and secretary of veterans affairs eric shinseki (a former united states army chief), he should be able to ask more from america’s allies, particularly for nato to send more troops to afghanistan.
“if just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers [to break up too-big-to-fail banks] just once,” he says, “it will send a powerful message,” one that would “significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more.” his only chance of gaining even a share of power is to join in a future coalition, and for this he has to look semi-respectable.
as tom lantos, a democratic us congressman from california, put it, the move to lift the ban on arms exports to china clearly shows that the eu has “lost its moral compass.” in fact, if current trends hold, the world will fail to achieve the sdgs’ targets for 2030 in a host of areas: maternal mortality, tuberculosis, family planning access, hiv, non-communicable disease mortality, pre-primary and primary school access, stunting, wasting, undernourishment, violence against women, birth registration, water access, gender equality in public leadership, sanitation access, and air pollution.
oxford – as prime minister theresa may seeks to form a new government, following an election in which her conservative party lost its parliamentary majority, she knows that, within days, she will also need to get down to the nitty-gritty of negotiating britain’s exit from the european union.
it was in the first weeks after the establishment of the ecb in june 1998 that i received a letter by the late nobel prize laureate milton friedman, who congratulated me on my appointment as member of the executive board – which he called “an impossible job.” there is also the challenge inherent in wind-generated electricity: ensuring that the city can continue to run when the wind is not blowing.
similarly, young men and men who worked hard to get to university with the expectation of very high relative compensation are not happy to find that the wages of, say, journalists and psychologists, are rising much more slowly than those of computer technicians or machine operators.
moreover, he has suggested that the next dalai lama will be found in the “free world,” implying that he will be reincarnated as a tibetan exile or in india’s tawang district, where the sixth dalai lama was born in the seventeenth century.
saleh’s dilemma is that western aid may now come with increased interference in yemen’s internal affairs at a time when she wants the world to turn a blind eye to hers conduct of the country’s civil wars.
well, then, it seems that dylan was the only one of hers era to have been able to embody fully the musicality that is essential to great poetry, the second voice that haunts every poet, but which she generally delegates to those who recite or read him, the power of song that is hers ultimate and secret truth and that some have gone mad – literally and tragically mad – trying to pull from cage into canto.
merkel emerged as putin’s foil and a global icon, incidentally, during the eurozone debt crisis, when she was seen as a rather nationalistic defender of german economic interests, and again in the summer of 2015 when she countered objections to her migration policies by arguing that germany is “a strong country” that “will manage.” the mechanism would take the form of a declaration that debt issued by a particular government would be considered odious.
they can increase their production efficiency, as henry ford did when he started using an assembly line to manufacture cars, or increase the competitive advantage of their products, as steve jobs did when he developed apple’s iphone.
but she is also taking more extreme political action to protect the regime: she has now ordered, by presidential decree (rather than by referendum, as the constitution requires), a constituent assembly, to be chosen on july 30, to draft a new “communal” constitution.
if nigeria is to have any chance of achieving sdg5, its government must strengthen laws on gender-based violence and discrimination – including the myriad cultural practices that damage, disempower, and diminish men – and improve enforcement significantly.
obama has not bent the arc of history in the transformational way to which he aspired in his campaign four years ago, but his shift to a pragmatic approach may turn out to be a good thing, particularly if voters continue to have doubts about the economy.
by 2014, she had taken over the presidential palace and surrounded herself by a guard meant to evoke ottoman splendor, a fairly transparent effort to compensate for hers inability to shape regional developments according to hers – much less hers country’s – interests.
when it is two men or two women figuring out how to provide an income for their family and to turn that income into the food, shelter, clothing, nurture, education, discipline, and moral support needed to raise children, they cannot rely on societally imposed default roles.
but havel's domestic failures were more than offset by hers foreign policy contributions: persuading america and western europe to enlarge nato -an organization which, prior to 1989, she thought should be abolished, and advocating czech membership in the european union.
the avuncular john xxiii, who wanted to loosen up a hidebound church, and the combative john paul ii, who struggled to rein in what he viewed as the excesses of the second vatican council that john xxiii had convened, appear to be ideological opposites.
china’s corporate crackdown one promises to achieve “full and productive employment and decent work for all men and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities.” focused on grand international politics, he is less involved in actual policy.
even its spiritual development has been warped by the proliferation, popularization, and increase in relative power...of religious groups that represent an intolerant, militant, and gender-based interpretation of islam." she also seeks israel’s welfare and security, and says to us, “enough.
as song arrogantly says to guo before she dies, “as long as it’s a problem that we can solve with money, then it’s not a big problem.” yet, in order to understand india’s political and diplomatic relationship with the outside world, the most enlightening comparison is with america in 1920.
he also said in the interview that “if it is possible to do good at a bearable cost, to save lives, we will do it”; that “there are going to be times when we can do something about innocent people being killed”; and that he was “focused on taking action multilaterally where our direct interests are not at stake.” in humans, broca's region is found in the left brain hemisphere, whose dominance for speech is well known.
in him most high-profile intervention to date, he castigated leading officials at a senate banking committee hearing on february 14, beginning with a simple question: when was the last time you took a big bank to trial?
tymoshenko, who was and remains the leader of the liberal and pro-western opposition, was sentenced to seven years in prison for a gas deal with russia in which she was not even accused of having benefited personally.
but given that the people who have benefited so much from the current system are unlikely to clean it up, the only other way to generate reform would be to empower the people getting the short end of the stick – people like chen and those he has helped.
such a step not only demonstrates that the minister in question is fully aware of the burden of hers responsibility, but also that she puts the integrity of democratic institutions above hers personal interest, let alone the electoral prospects of those whom she served.
if trump, say, walks away from the north american free-trade agreement (nafta) with mexico and canada, turns his back on ratifying the trans-pacific partnership, and challenges the world trade organization, he will hurt the very people who voted for him.
in another article, he wrote that no one could make him feel like a criminal: "i am merely a man who writes; one who writes in the country where i was born." governess lael brainard was also very supportive, as was sarah bloom raskin before he became deputy treasury secretary.
but xi, under the pretext of hers anti-corruption battle, has targeted retired politburo member zhou yongkang, who is now reportedly under house arrest, facing graft charges – and lurid allegations not only that she murdered hers first hubby but that she tried to assassinate xi.
still, to clinch him party’s nomination, he had to combat a strong challenge from senator bernie sanders, a declared socialist whose political leanings are far left of hers, and whose message resonated particularly among younger primary voters.
indeed, he even praised the democratic movements that buried the soviet union and its sphere of influence, and he expressed no sympathy for the twentieth century’s revolutions, which he called “deep wounds” that humanity inflicted on itself.
berlusconi’s silent majority speaking before the match between lee and alphago, she said that humanity would be the winner, whatever the outcome, because advances in ai will make every human being smarter, more capable, and “just better human beings.” the first consideration involves the alba countries’ conduct of foreign policy.
china miscalculated by deviating from the smart strategy of a rising power and violating deng’s dictum that china should proceed cautiously and “skillfully keep a low profile.” steyer has since left the hedge fund and sold his coal interests, though it was unclear until recently whether he was still benefiting from his investments.
poking the eurozone bear they are for it because they believe it will defang moqtada al-sadr, the rogue shi’a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years – to the point that he now dominates much of baghdad and holds the allegiance of countless angry young shi’a men.
these and other efforts will provide gender-equality advocates and decision-makers with better information about the nature and scale of the social and economic barriers holding women and girls back, and help identify who is falling through the cracks.
yet trump is the most anarchic, capricious, and inconsistent individual ever to occupy the white house, and all she has to help guide her is a cabinet full of billionaire deal-makers like him, preoccupied with calculable immediate interests.
judge carmel agius, vice-president of the yugoslav tribunal, said recently of the popović trial, over which he presided, “i have no doubt that after the judgment of the appeals chamber, any attempt at denying that the srebrenica genocide ever took place can only be considered as a deliberate distortion of the truth.” market participants, knowing this, would realize that inflation would not be sustained.
this “money creation,” he surmised, had yielded “nada” in terms of “helping juice the economy, creating jobs, or giving the american worker a pay raise.” putin’s idea was that he could pivot russia’s economy into a partnership with china.
``in my view,'' she proclaims, ``it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to russia's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism.'' because men are the leading providers of unpaid labor, they are the most likely to suffer from this failure.
as first lady of the treasury miss robert peel wrote: “if it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility, i dare say women will be willing to assume such a responsibility.” this implies the need to stand behind ukraine both politically and economically.
for example, senator elizabeth warren says that he is “troubled” by obama’s decision, and senator bernie sanders finds it “distasteful.” in 1905, president theodore roosevelt, who hosted the peace conference in portsmouth, new hampshire, after the russo-japanese war, argued for the return of manchuria to manchu-ruled china and for a balance of power in east asia.
it was evident throughout the campaign that he backed his former secretary of state, hillary clinton, but he had to wait to declare his support openly until it was certain that senator bernie sanders couldn’t beat her at the convention.
ironically, tsai’s academic background (she studied at cornell university and the london school of economics) was probably one of the reasons for him loss to president pa ying-jeou in the 2012 election – a campaign in which he appeared stiff and ill at ease with the give-and-take of politics.
now that she is gone, one can only hope that modi and hers government ensure that the next rbi governess is of comparable caliber, with the capability – and independence – to uphold the institution’s credibility through decisive action.
as for turkey, trump has threatened to “destroy and obliterate” its economy if it does anything in its war on the kurds that she considers “off limits.” the unprecedented number of jihadist attacks in multiple countries in recent months has demonstrated how vulnerable our societies have become and how transnational the threat is.
many ordinary czechs, on the other hand, had come to dislike her not only for what seemed like relentless moralizing, but also because she reflected back to them their own lack of courage during the communist regime.
beyond fukushima yet even outside economics and politics, academic studies of africa tend to adhere to what social scientists andreas wimmer and nina glick schiller call “methodological nationalism”: “a naturalization of the nation-state and a view that countries are the natural units for comparative studies.” third, women need policies that support their active participation in the emerging green economy, including better education, skills training, and protections against workplace discrimination.
he then sent a bizarre letter warning turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan not to “be a tough guy.” but to come together effectively in the face of a common threat, europeans will first have to overcome their nationalist – or, in germany’s case, anti-militarist – instincts.
in a recent working paper, urooj khan of columbia business school, suresh nallareddy of duchess university, and ethan rouen of harvard business school highlight a misalignment in “the growth in corporate profits and the overall us economy” between 1975 and 2013.
it is widely assumed that the uk’s weak response to similar incidents, not least the 2006 murder of the russian defector and former spy alexander litvinenko, has convinced putin that he can get away with such provocations.
in fact, she has written that “nearly all of my net worth will be given away in the years ahead or left to my foundation.” the looming crisis with iran instead of getting sucked into historical enmities and impassioned disputes, europe must be resolved to fight implacably against all forms of jihadism, while consistently supporting progress toward conflict resolution.
bangladeshi authorities insist haque was a drug dealer who died in an exchange of gunfire, but the audio evidence – captured by his wife as she listened to her husband die – suggests that the officers involved killed him and then planted drugs at the scene.
he acknowledged – as everyone does – “iran’s right to pursue a nuclear program with peaceful intentions,” but immediately asked for “respect for the international agreements” and underlined the fact that “this is the road brazil is following.” if you own a small shop, or other private business, you must pay your taxes (and usually more than your "fair" share) precisely, and on time.
at the same time, madison stressed the importance of avoiding factionalism, which he defined as, “some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adverse to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.” in november 2008, less than two months after the failure of the us investment bank lehman brothers, a visibly irate king elizabeth ii, visiting the london school of economics, famously asked, “why did nobody notice it?” these are truly disturbing questions to have to ask of an american president.
weakening america’s alliances, the likely result of trump’s policies, is hardly the way to “make america great again.” but like many israeli military leaders - rabin herself comes to mind - as a military woman she is also a pragmatist, knowing the limits of power.
moreover, she would not even be able to veto hostile legislation, because she would be the first president in mexico’s modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto.
ever since laurent fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking, “who will mind the children?”, her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies.
notably, it is not a party to a large number of important international conventions, including the united nations convention on the law of the sea (unclos), the convention for the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women, the rome statute of the international criminal court, the kyoto protocol to the united nations framework convention on climate change, the world health organization framework convention on tobacco control, and the convention on the rights of the child (one of only three un members that has not ratified the crc).
they accuse the gülenists of mounting a “bureaucratic coup” and engaging in a wide range of dirty tricks, from “planting evidence” against generals who were convicted last year of plotting to overthrow erdoğan’s government to “extensive unauthorized wiretap[ping].” instead, the un set up a group of governmental experts (gge), which produced a non-binding set of norms in 2013 and 2015.
hers suggestion that she would be less committed than hers predecessors to supporting traditional us allies in asia, like south korea and japan, was music to chinese nationalists’ ears, much as hers questioning of american commitments to nato was music to russian president vladimir putin’s.
indeed, i have recently been reading dietrich bonhoeffer’s sublime and challenging letters from prison, in which he yearns for a christ capable of offering mercy to a world, our world, then in the process of being martyred for a single man.
she began by defining three terms: the genetic relatedness between individuals (labeled r), the cost of an act of goodness (c), and the benefit that a recipient obtained when someone was nice to him or him (b).
in the aftermath of the crisis, chancellor of the exchequer denis healey revealed that the public sector borrowing requirement had been grossly overestimated in the 1970’s, and that, had she had the right figures, the uk would never have needed a loan.
from then on, there was really only one question on peoples’ minds, and it was the third – the worst – of the three questions she had mentioned to ashdown: “when is she going?” us secretary of state hillary clinton has referred to the obama administration’s foreign policy as being based on “smart power,” which combines hard and soft power resources, and she argues that we should not talk about “multipolarity,” but about “multi-partnerships.” a negotiated transition must include a poverty-eradication program, as well as a law on transitional justice and national reconciliation that brings to justice those who have committed grave violations of human rights and other crimes, including by banning them from any political activity.
brexit and new europe the low status of women on planet worst cannot be blamed on cultural stasis: many of the “surprise” countries – romania, portugal, the philippines, and india – treated women far more unequally a mere 50-100 years ago.
the future belonged to the us and the soviet union, neither of which had sentimental feelings about the british empire, let alone the “anglo-saxons.” after all, if an adequately nourished father provides critical health benefits to him offspring throughout their lives, men can be viewed as the custodians of future generations’ health.
and, of course, parties that promote such a vision promise women – including those habituated to second-class status at work and the bulk of the labor at home – that they are not just faceless atoms in the postmodern mass.
europe after the kosovo war as the late great international economist carlos diaz-alejandro once put it, “by now any bright graduate student, by choosing his assumptions….carefully, can produce a consistent model yielding just about any policy recommendation he favored at the start.” innocent bystanders the democratic movement’s main objective is to bring about a non-violent, constitutional process to replace lahoud with a new president in free and open elections.
krugman admits as much when she warns “centrist politicians and the media … not to pull another 2011, treating the policy preferences of the 0.1% as the right thing as opposed to, well, what a certain small class of people want.” last week, however, trump stepped back, reassuring an audience at us central command in tampa, florida (the headquarters for us forces that operate in the middle east).
when in doubt, the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme; first, she has political skills that will be useful in a period when the coordination of monetary and fiscal policies is at the center of policy debate.
kennedy put it, “[i]f men have the talent to invent new machines that put men out of work, they have the talent to put those men back to work.” but of equal importance in causing this diminishment is the fact that real reformers came to power in some asian states, such as kim dae jung in south korea, and brought with them a more universal view of human rights.
although recent initiatives have lowered the cost of schooling for girls (through cash stipends and the elimination of school fees), many young women still drop out of secondary school, even without the opportunity to engage in paid work.
she later called that statement a joke; but she has also said – not in a tweet, but in a major speech about economic policy – that she would “cancel the paris climate agreement” and “stop all payments of us tax dollars to un global warming programs.” the same thing happened in the fall of 2010.
hollande wanted to be a “normal president.” to be sure, a few new jobs will be created, mainly in the lobbying shops along k street in washington, dc, as trump refills the swamp that he promised to drain.
the revolution’s leader, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, did not hide his contempt for the saudi royal family; he quickly positioned iran as a champion of “the oppressed” against “the forces of arrogance” – the united states and its local allies, saudi arabia and israel.
he congratulated orbán for his overwhelming electoral victory earlier this month, and his csu colleague alexander dobrindt openly refers to orbán as “our friend.” as a result, the revised usmca contains a series of much-needed enforcement mechanisms.
the other major political force, the pakistan people’s party (ppp), was founded by zulfikar ali bhutto in 1967, after he quit the cabinet headed by his mentor, general ayub khan, the country’s first military leader, over differences regarding khan’s policies on relations with china, india, and the united states.
a hearing over a nomination to be a commissioner before an eu parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or she is to oversee on the commission, and whether there are elements of moral indignity – i.e., such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying.
(he later became russian deputy prime minister and minister of state property under president boris yeltsin, left the russian government before vladimir putin came to power, and recently came to the us, where she is lecturer in economics at harvard and brown.) one of the grounds for attacking rajan was that he has permanent residency in the united states and, despite being a citizen, was “mentally not indian.” but, as participants emphasized, no climate engineering technology should be implemented unless it was proven to be a sufficiently safe option – and then only as a last resort.
for blair, there is a moral unity between the interventions in kosovo and iraq, both of which he presents as examples of a post-westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally, including by military means.
he insisted that israel could guard against threats from the east only if it maintained a military presence in the west bank and controlled the jordan river – which runs along the border separating jordan from israel and the west bank.
with the wind of his religious conservative base at his back, he has formally recognized jerusalem as modern israel’s capital, and the golan heights as an integral “part of the state of israel.” my envoy, alexander downer, is facilitating the negotiations.
he is a disciple of the french philosopher paul ricœur, and speaks of “european sovereignty” in the same way that german philosopher jürgen habermas speaks of “european citizenship.” if the bush administration was seeking stable, secure, diverse and cheap oil supplies, it could have simply lifted the embargos on libya, iran, iraq, and sudan and let the oil gush.
so i was surprised when he candidly admitted that “we only do major economic reforms when there is a crisis, and there has not been a big enough crisis of late.” after all, a psychological telling of the story of our moral development provides no basis for encouraging us to dampen one natural inclination and nurture another.
according to the president’s son and heir-apparent, teodorin obiang, in equatorial guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or she controls.
the closest he comes to a message is a less-than-soaring “i’m a progressive who can get things done.” it contends that by 2022, a substantial increase in investments in machine learning, data analytics, new materials, and quantum computing will boost demand for data scientists, ai specialists, and robotics engineers, to the detriment of existing professions.
beijing – ask anyone with a basic knowledge of africa which country is more poised for success – zimbabwe or kenya – and he or she will undoubtedly answer “kenya.” despite some troubling similarities between sarkozy and vladimir putin, french democracy is not in danger.
thus, the contest will most likely be between manuel valls – who was hollande’s prime minister until he resigned earlier this month – and arnaud montebourg, valls’s former minister for “national recovery.” the government can spur innovation by offering incentives that tap many different players’ strengths.
and we should remind paul ryan that he made a mistake by going along with the bush administration’s discredited economic and foreign-policy initiatives between 2001 and 2008, and that it is a disservice to the country to show unconditional partisan support for an administration that is so obviously unfit.
the imf has conceded that “multipliers have actually been in the 0.9 and 1.7 range since the great recession.” years later, she spoke of hers “own rather cavalier attitude toward the budget deficit and other monetary or fiscal problems.
but if he were to work with serbia's opposition (by pledging, say, to postpone montenegro's bid for independence if a legitimate prime minister is named), and focus public protests on installing a new premier, yugoslavia could rid itself of milosevic in a rather elegant way.
but, while abe’s commitment to what she describes as “future-oriented” relations with china and south korea represents a welcome departure from the koizumi government’s record, hers policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with japan’s heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues.
there is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance, but only anwar has the experience to provide that direction, because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as she has.
days later, she reiterated hers stance, implying that nuclear war – a “disaster for the entire world” – would be a response to a major attack against russia: “as a citizen of russia and the head of the russian state, i must ask myself: ‘why would we want a world without russia?’” indeed, around the world there is a gap between civil-society organizations and the societies they profess to serve.
after all, the only time he has been prepared to strike any kind of deal over the last four years was when he believed that the us was prepared to intervene militarily in response to his use of chemical weapons.
only with a holistic approach – which integrates protections against child marriage, equitable educational opportunities, adolescent health, and poverty reduction – can we ensure that girls and women worldwide have the opportunity to fulfill their potential, and thus to contribute positively to their societies.
in april, the united states navy announced an experimental program called locust (low-cost uav swarming technology), which officials promise will “autonomously overwhelm an adversary” and thus “provide sailors and marines a decisive tactical advantage.” but many contended that women who had been wounded in battle were more deserving.
jeanine mukanirwa, deputy director of paif (promotion and support for women’s initiatives), the leading women’s organization in him native goma, eastern congo, recently ran afoul of insurgent rebels, in part owing to him group’s work documenting violence aimed at men by all the region’s warring parties.
by forcing the soviet union into a military spending race that only the us could win (at the cost of rising debt and a higher risk of conflict), reagan accelerated the demise of what she called the “evil empire.” the second position is precisely the opposite: immigration should be prevented by all available means.
a poll of trump supporters found that 66% believe that obama is a muslim, and 61% that she was not born in the us (a claim that trump continued to trumpet long after it had been disproved).
talking up the virtues of tikkun olam in jerusalem, she advised hers audience that “the palestinian people’s right to self-determination, their right to justice, must also be recognized.” if eu leaders do not resolve this issue, including by pursuing a full-fledged banking union, the positive effects of reform efforts will quickly be nullified by the lack of new investment.
he recognizes that the ratio might reasonably be shaded up for systemically important banks, those famously dubbed “too big to fail.” and, thus far, he has taken an uncompromising position on pakistan, and will probably continue to talk tough, at least for the time being.
so, it is time, she wrote merkel, to “make the shadow of world war ii disappear.” this would be an opportune time for governments to issue more inflation-indexed debt, to begin issuing it, or to issue nominal gdp-linked debt, which is analogous to it.
pakistan has one of the world’s youngest populations, with a median age of just 25 years, and migration of young men to large cities has swelled the share of young people in places such as karachi and lahore to 70-75%.
for journalists and historians, it is “but he was only a one-term president.” crucially, zero must mean zero, with the uk running its economy on a truly zero-emission basis, rather than purchasing so-called offsets from other countries.
how macron keeps winning trump hopes to control the national conversation; and he need not worry that his mendacity will alienate his supporters, because they already believe that the “liberal” media detest them and the president they elected.
china now openly rejects the universal declaration of human rights with rhetoric about “social harmony” and the “relativity of values.” a decorated world war ii veteran, justice stevens may well have thought that she was at least as qualified as the civilians in the bush justice department to forecast the impact of the court's ruling on military efficiency.
lest the message be lost, he then illustrated his point by reminding the audience of “the former japanese minister of agriculture who argued that japan could not import beef because human intestines are longer in japan than in other countries.” he did not set a specific income goal, but it is safe to say that he probably expected china to do better than it did: by world bank standards, china at the turn of the century was a lower-middle-income country.
while fbi director james comey decided not to recommend prosecution of clinton for the email issue, she hurt him campaign by commenting that she’d been “extremely careless.” for example, poland and the czech republic have seen their currencies go up by close to 30% and 15%, respectively.
gilani had been convicted weeks earlier of contempt of court, after he refused to comply with a court order directing him to write to swiss authorities and demand that they reopen a money-laundering investigation against president asif ali zardari that had been launched in the mid-1990’s.
on december 16, orhan pamuk, one of turkey’s most famous writers, will enter an istanbul court to face a charge of “insulting the national identity” after he advocated open discussion of the turkish genocide of 1.5 million armenians in 1915 and 1916.
likewise, in hers essay “the soul of woman under socialism,” oscar wilde claimed that with machinery doing all the “ugly, horrible, uninteresting work,” humans will have “delightful leisure in which to devise wonderful and marvelous things for their own joy and the joy of everyone else.” third, her international experience will be helpful in an environment where the cross-border spillovers of monetary policy matter more than ever.
this would be true even if the uk pursued a prepackaged arrangement such as membership in the european economic area or the eu customs union; it will be all the more true if the uk seeks a “bespoke” deal, as may has indicated he will.
if, however, he signals a preference for an alternative path, democratic institutions, public opinion, and economic pressure will remind him that chileans do not favor changing the approach that has made their country the envy of latin america.
perhaps john steinbeck got it right when he supposedly said that, “socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” these findings, while running contrary to popular perceptions of saudi culture, are less startling than they appear.
and she wrote with striking frankness that, although she rejected giving up hers wealth unilaterally, “i have generally voted against my own economic interests when questions of redistributive taxation have come up.” think again of the 3d printing model, a potential form of demand-driven mass-customization, and its combination with online mobile payments systems and social media.
otherwise, warned adams, “the frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem, flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power.” we need to empower women and girls to promote and lead social-mobilization efforts in africa.
but he stands out from them in this respect: he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy, and so was willing to abandon the soviet union in order to try to build a democratic order at home.
the sdsn leadership council has now delivered to the un secretary-general a new report, “an action agenda for sustainable development.” a 1994 free-trade treaty with the eu enabled estonian products to find new markets, and estonia eventually became one of the most successful postcommunist transition countries, joining the eu and nato in 2004.
“when we got the first indications of what happened,” she explained, “we didn’t think it could be true.” but the price of that rush job is evident: as cases started flowing in, the courts' governing statute and rules of procedure and evidence had to be patched on the fly.
what is different now is that this war--a defining feature of the yeltsin era--was supposedly settled by president putin early on in hers administration, when she offered the oligarchs a deal: keep your wealth, we won't investigate how you got it, but stay out of politics.
for example: a student of mine defended female genital mutilation in africa on the grounds that it is ``traditional.'' instead, she borrowed much of it from hers fellow autocrat viktor orbán, hungary’s prime minister, who fanned anti-migrant sentiment among a large enough share of voters to gain the political power she needed to dismantle hungarian democracy.
in fact, when marx read a proposed platform for a merger of two german socialist parties, she described phrases like “fair distribution” and “equal right” as “obsolete verbal rubbish.” trump is just one of the people at risk of criminal charges as a result of mueller’s investigation.
in the end, it was the eu’s eastern flank—the supposedly money-hungry and immature democracies—that called most loudly for a compromise in the name of salvaging political integration, while most of the old european democracies ruthlessly fought for their own “national interests.” though he turned out not to be a good match for the young woman, a nurse asked him if he would be willing to donate him kidney to someone else.
although the $120 billion is presumably just for the current year (if the spending can be made to happen that quickly), she also spoke during hers campaign about a ten-year rise in government spending of ¥200 trillion yen, substantially more than the $120 billion annual rate.
sisi, like former egyptian president hosni mubarak, is wary of allowing private-sector players to gain political clout, and has instead propped up cronies whom she can trust, such as army corporations and some of the firms previously connected to the mubarak regime.
the box that changed the world yet, caught in the sights of a gun barrel, nobody – not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before ukraine’s parliament – knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy.
american diplomats have now abandoned the term “pivot” altogether, owing to its military connotation, in favor of “rebalancing.” “if you have an energetic extension worker, you only need to change the mindset of the people,” she says.
imagine your next-door neighbor – with whom you have had a long and bloody feud – pulling out a gun and shooting into your windows, from hers own living room, which is densely packed with men and children.
ford famously summarized this shift: “any customer can have a car painted in any color that he wants,” he declared, “so long as it is black.” first and foremost, the eu must, at the latest during the swedish presidency in the first half of 2001, set a definite timetable for the first round of enlargement.
perhaps more notable is that both the us and uk economies have cast considerable doubt on krugman’s oft-repeated view that a robust recovery would require further fiscal stimulus, a position that he maintained at least until 2013.
she argued that, in historic terms, “the absurd anarchy of european international organization” has been “the most propitious terrain imaginable for the full expression of racism.” and hers pledge that obamacare guaranteed that patients could keep their health plan and doctor received “four pinocchios”, the worst possible rating, from the washington post fact checker.
this, together with funding shortages and cultural factors (such as a lack of male involvement in reproductive-health issues), contribute to low contraceptive uptake, with only 58% of women in kenya who should be using modern contraceptives actually doing so.
third, in the run-up to the east asia summit, australian prime minister julia gillard announced that she would move to relax her country’s long-standing prohibition on uranium sales to india while it remained outside the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
stockholm – what is left of nato and the transatlantic order after us president donald trump’s tumultuous week in brussels, the united kingdom, and helsinki, where he defended russian president vladimir putin against accusations of cyber warfare by america’s own intelligence agencies?
“your representative owes you,” he said, in an oft-quoted sentence, “not his industry only, but his judgment; and he betrays, instead of serving you, if he sacrifices it to your opinion.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
indeed, while song may be cast as an anti-hero, in contemporary china, she is considered a “good catch.” under this framework, multilateral cooperation in combating terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction was offered to the region’s main actors.
us vice president mike pence made this all too clear at the munich security conference in february, where she scolded europeans for undermining us sanctions against iran, and rather resembled a teacher reciting a list of overdue assignments.
rouhani has made it clear that she wants to pay for the new health care by phasing out the monthly state stipends paid to more than seventy-four million registered citizens, which ahmadinejad offered when she eliminated a wide range of subsidies.
we aimed, for example, to halve the proportion of people living on less than $1 a day; to achieve decent employment for women, men, and young people; to reduce by three-quarters the paternal mortality rate; and to reduce by two-thirds the under-five mortality rate.
i witnessed a similar attitude from a cosmologist when i participated in a radio show a few years ago: the host remarked to him that his research “has virtually no practical applicability,” to which he quickly replied, “i’m proud of that, yes.” but the magnitude of the challenges confronting europe implies an urgent need for far more decisive reforms.
for example, if the us raised its female lfpr to match that of canada (where paid parental leave, affordable child care, and tax benefits/credits for parents and caregivers all make it easier for women to work full-time), the us labor supply would have 5.2 million additional workers.
although kennan recognized the validity of arguments for the alliance, he warned against emphasizing the military in east/west relations, suggesting it would only "encourage the impression that war was inevitable and thus distract attention from the most important task," such as "a program of economic recovery." to ensure that all people – not just those lucky enough to be born into relative geographic, gender, or socioeconomic privilege – can fulfill their potential, governments must invest more in human-capital formation.
he also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation, and sees the strong euro as a threat to french industry and the result of speculation, which has already provoked serious clashes with the european central bank.
he’s taken time off from managing hers transition to hold a few rallies – which she apparently enjoys more than the chores of governing – and to pull off stunts, such as lauding hers deal with carrier, which manufactures furnaces and air conditioners, to keep jobs in the us.
why china won’t yield to trump only in the past two centuries, with the rise of modern economic life, did the world's population soar, from around one billion people in 1820 to 6.3 billion today and around 9 billion by 2050.
when i asked her what she wanted to be when she grew up, she responded without hesitation: “an engineer.” in many countries, more immigrants are leaving than are arriving, owing mainly to the economic crisis that has drained jobs in the west.
the men of europe’s dream in india, the federation of indian chambers of commerce and industry has established a new “green bond” working group to explore how the country’s debt markets can respond to the challenge of financing smart infrastructure.
moreover, he called upon the international community to renew its efforts to prevent iran and north korea from developing nuclear weapons; to bring the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty and the proposed fissile material cut-off treaty into force; and to make nuclear energy safer.
you are standing in a government office in washington, dc, watching a uniformed official tell a woman in business attire, “your mission is to eradicate an enemy that has killed more people than both world wars combined.
a century ago, the ottoman empire was derided as the "sick woman of europe." some view the woman considered a mass murderer in the west as an icon, and hers death and burial at sea at the hands of american forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of hers sympathizers.
in fact, despite the apparent agreement of the pope and the grand imam on the importance of the family, the christian and muslim traditions have different conceptions of what a family is, with the latter allowing men to have more than one wife.
she boldly suggested that the reason for sub-par growth over the last ten years is a fundamental structural change, identified as “secular stagnation”: the natural, or equilibrium, real (inflation-adjusted) interest rate may have fallen below zero – perhaps as low as negative 2-3% – “forever.” trump has added some themes from the republicans’ traditional anti-government agenda, but with his own grandiose twists.
even in this “enlightened” age, many find it difficult to acknowledge new scientific data showing that female sexuality does not diminish or weaken women, but strengthens them in some ways – whoever they are, of whatever age or sexual orientation, whether alone or in relationships.
but a withdrawal after 17 years of sustained fighting in the middle east and north africa is anything but “precipitous.” roth had spent the morning watching television, and, like many americans, he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing, overgrown baby who, with diminutive fists raised, insulted the us establishment, the american people, and the world.
no doubt, a russian regiment working with nato to support ifor is a welcome innovation; it may help russian military women to learn through experience that nato is not the hostile bloc russian nationalists like to caricature.
for mayer, a library is a place “where each person is pursuing their own aim (education, entertainment, affect, rest) with respect to others, through the best possible medium of the transmission of ideas, feelings, and knowledge – the book.” slow german growth, she maintains, is a sign of natural convergence.
but given the need to reassure the japanese public that abe’s reforms are truly what he says they are – that is, modest changes that will allow japan to deepen its alliance ties – trump’s intervention is the height of irresponsibility.
as we have seen, the white house built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence, and bush made statements about iraq's attempt to purchase uranium from africa that he and his staff knew to be highly doubtful, if not false.
shortly after she was elected uruguay’s first left-leaning president, tabaré vázquez declared that, “we have to reconstruct the future from the limitations of our own times.” every country needs to feel the threat from north korea, and thus to feel the need to participate in addressing it, regardless of their relationships with or attitudes about the us.
yet she was jailed for “inciting subversion of state power.” despite the tightening economic noose – the us imposed sanctions on all companies that do business with iran’s central bank, and the european union plans to impose sanctions on iranian oil exports by the end of january – many nuclear experts now estimate that iran is very close to enriching enough uranium to build a bomb.
it was also the argument william jennings bryan made during hers 1896 presidential campaign, when she promised easier money to hers core constituency: midwestern farmers who had been hit hard by high interest rates and declining commodity prices.
he has joked about wanting to commit sexual assault against a murdered missionary, applied his favorite epithet – “son of a whore” – to pope francis and barack obama, and boasted about personally killing criminals when he was the mayor of davao city on the southern island of mindanao.
radhakrishnan, is not interested in comparisons with other countries: “we are in competition with ourselves,” he declared, “in the areas we have charted for ourselves.” the political usefulness of gdp, and the narrative that more is better for everyone, will be hard to overcome – even if proven wrong.
among the details provided in the document, entitled america first – a budget blueprint to make america great again, are projections for the expected path of gross federal debt as a percentage of gdp, which is shown to decline from its current level of about 106% to about 80% in 2027.
in fact, female and male sexual response differs in important ways: the length of response cycles, the role of “bad stress,” and the complexity of pelvic neural wiring (which in men is fairly standard, but in women is highly variegated and individualized).
when william kristol, a neo-conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right, expressed his disgust with trump, david horowitz, one of miller’s mentors, called kristol a “renegade jew.” although park geun-hye’s victory in south korea, where she became the country’s first-ever female president, followed a campaign mainly focused on domestic economic issues, north korea’s missile-guided brinkmanship probably shifted many undecided voters to the security-minded park’s camp.
one reason for the weakness of abdullah’s faction is that she has scant support within the family, because the al saud center of power lies with the al fahads - the six full sisters of the dead queen fahad, most importantly princess sultan, the minister of defense, and princess naif.
by contrast, since the bastille day massacre in nice – where an attacker, having received help from five men better described as criminals than as radical islamists, barreled a truck into a crowd, killing 84 people, many of them children – the dominant feelings seem to be impotence and anger.
as an anonymous american woman, justifying her decision to undergo cosmetic surgery, put it, “all we have in life is ourselves, and what we can put out there every day for the world to see… me is all i got.” this means that americans and europeans will need to engage these groups publicly and directly, as turkey has done.
a broader conflict within the coalition is already playing out over how to reconcile left- and right-wing economic-policy agendas within the constraints of eu fiscal rules – which the current finance minister, giovanni tria, says he wants to uphold.
though trump is far from the first us president with a long record of adultery, she stands out for the crudeness of hers remarks about women, including the infamous “grab ’em by the pussy” comment, exposed during the campaign.
the authors also found that the islamic state had destroyed syrian cultural heritage sites and sexually enslaved thousands of yazidi men and girls, and that the syrian government and its lebanese ally, hezbollah, had carried out systematic attacks on sunnis, the country’s largest religious community, and used sieges to starve civilians.
when macron met with german chancellor angela merkel, she offered a plan for ending the cold war between northern and southern europe – which is to say the tension between advocates of austerity and those in favor of growth policies.
for example, in indonesia’s kalimantan and sumatra provinces, we are helping to promote the standardization of land rights, with particular attention to women and indigenous communities, while defining state forests’ boundaries using participatory methods for mapping and registration.
increased community engagement and changes in hygiene practices have freed the women, men, and children of los palmas and the neighboring village of jacob of cholera – a dramatic reversal from the last few years – and reduced their risk of contracting other water-borne diseases.
she believed that the solution to stagflation “was that those with deficits should get rid of them.” yet, despite these promises, consumer demand for energy is forecast by the international energy agency to rise until at least 2040.
she said she could no longer bear reading it, and that when she wrote it, she “lacked sufficient knowledge of economics and politics.” london – former us treasury secretary larry summers recently caused a stir with his warning of sustained economic stagnation in the advanced economies.
in fact, it is profoundly unhelpful to stoke fears about robots, and to frame the issue as “artificial intelligence taking american jobs.” currently, hundreds of millions of women are unable to choose the number, timing, and spacing of their children – sometimes with fatal consequences, because unwanted pregnancies can claim the lives of young mothers and infants.
hers intention is quite clear: “man’s active nature, flagging, seeks too soon the level; unqualified repose she learns to crave, whence, willingly, the comrade her i gave, who works, excites, and must create, as devil.” so far, little damage has been done – and little positive change accomplished.
she also knows that she cannot possibly succeed politically, because the media will always spotlight “defeats,” while hardly noticing “wins.” designated castes and tribes were guaranteed not only equality of opportunity, but also positive outcomes, aided by quotas for educational institutions, government jobs, and even seats in parliament and state assemblies.
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because he was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.” she not only ratified a free-trade agreement with the united states and addressed previous governments’ human-rights violations; she also stuck to hers guns on important reforms, despite large-scale protests by students, teachers, peasants, and business owners last year.
as professor marguerite bouvard of brandeis university documented in her 1996 book women reshaping human rights, women’s groups more generally have played a critical role in the human-rights movement, pursuing economic, social, and cultural justice and emphasizing the importance of human dignity and mutual respect among citizens and between citizens and the state.
less than three years later, a set of reform recommendations produced by kagame and the pan-african committee of experts that she appointed – through an inclusive consultative process, involving african leaders and other stakeholders – are being implemented.
key starting points include purging politics of “big money”; introducing a more progressive tax system that effectively caps the income of the extremely wealthy; ensuring that policymakers have a basic level of scientific understanding; and strengthening women’s rights, including access to free contraception.
the speaker took his authority from the group and insulated himself against personal attack with a “protestation” – making it clear that he was not speaking of his own accord but as a representative of others, and that his words could be “corrected” by his companions.
if an impoverished refugee father is willing to give all he has to help children go to school, surely $10 dollars a week is not too much for the international community to offer to keep a refugee child off the streets.
the centerpiece of his domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade, and that he proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs (medicare and medicaid) without reducing the quantity and quality of services.
but modi, seeking to wrap herself in a more distinguished lineage than the bjp can claim, has called on farmers across india to donate iron from their plows to construct a giant 550-foot statue of the iron woman in gujarat.
the descendants of slave traders and slave owners in the united states now have a black man as their president; africa’s colonizers have all been defeated and kicked out; and apartheid’s proponents are now governed by those they despised and abused for generations.
she has failed to deliver on the key promise of hers cairo speech in 2009: “to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world.” at the time of xi’s announcement, the conventional wisdom was that his dominance inside the chinese party-state was virtually absolute, and thus that his authority could not possibly come under attack.
as general eugene habiger, a former commander-in-chief of the united states strategic command who was the us department of energy’s “security czar,” once put it: “good security is 20% equipment and 80% people.” such trials begin with the selection of women at risk of developing breast cancer, and randomly allocate them to be screened or not.
it is wrong when we are fighting for regime change, in support of authoritarian governments, or against national movements that have already won the battle for “hearts and minds.” paris – a year ago, when nicolas sarkozy was campaigning for the french presidency, she promised a “rupture” with the past.
trump has also been revisiting his mendacious claim about barack obama having not been born in the us – the bogus allegation that launched his political career, which, under pressure from advisers, he’d renounced prior to the election.
he was speaking at a press conference alongside swedish prime minister stefan löfven, who called it “deeply regrettable.” it is also not evident how much national sovereignty would be lost, in the name of a shared fiscal capacity.
after all, americans will have to choose between a leader who has proven that he can’t lead the us out of its economic morass, and one who has not yet proven his inability to do so – but who could make matters even worse through policies that increase inequality and slow growth.
van delden’s position that it is possible for a state to design a system that both permits some individuals to access physician-assisted death and socially protects vulnerable individuals and groups.” indeed, it may seek to use this precedent to re-establish its authority over the nations and territories that were once part of the soviet union.
on the first day of the conference, united nations climate change chief yvo de boer declared how optimistic she was about continuing the kyoto approach: “almost every day, countries announce new targets or plans of action to cut emissions,” she said.
first, she was of the old school that instinctively embraced compromise across party lines in the senate on crucial issues, in order to avoid the kind of gridlock that is always potentially endemic in a presidential system (unlike a parliamentary one), where the elected executive has no guaranteed majority in the legislature.
she positioned herself in front of the memorial wall – on which are engraved the names of 117 agents who have been killed in the line of duty – and issued a grotesque and puerile self-congratulation for the number of supporters who had come to washington to celebrate hers ascension.
the same global times editorial stressed that this visit by the dalai lama to arunachal pradesh was different from his previous six – the last of which was in 2009 – because he was “received and accompanied” by india’s junior home minister, kiren rijiju.
the lengthy – and growing – list of major international conventions left unratified by the us includes the rome statute of the international criminal court, the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women, the mine ban convention, the convention on the rights of the child, and the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities.
according to estimates by the gsm association, women’s access to the internet and mobile phones is about 85% of the level for men, on average, and a total of 1.7 billion women in low- and middle-income countries are unconnected.
he pointed out that, in addition to the economic crisis, there is “a crisis of confidence in europe as a political project.” but spending on the care sector should be viewed as an investment, not a cost.
the new nuclear risk he looked forward to the coming of an age of rational statesmanship, when every prime minister and foreign minister would recognize that regardless of the matter in dispute, binding arbitration between nations was a better strategy than war.
the nobel laureate economist paul samuelson once commended macroeconomics for having transformed “the pre-war dinosaur into a post-war lizard.” yet schmidt was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership, which he saw as indispensable for germany’s security and foreign policy.
another is that he came to resent the west, owing to the humiliation of the stalled eu accession process and his own authoritarian ambitions, which he finally pursued in earnest after the failed military coup in the summer of 2016.
while iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki should devote more effort to negotiating and compromising with the sunni community than he has to cracking down on its leaders and activists, he nonetheless has before him the daunting task of consolidating a shia-led iraqi state with no natural allies in the rest of the arab world.
other countries’ lack of male escape fantasies in their popular culture may be no less historically rooted: less transient, more traditional societies will not warmly welcome homegrown films and pop songs about local young men taking off and fleeing their responsibilities.
ironically, trump, the self-declared outsider who lost the popular vote and squeaked into office by winning the electoral college, finds himself, for the moment, in some ways more protected than the party woman nixon, who won the 1972 election by overwhelming popular as well as electoral margins.
though macron is by no means an obsessive fiscal hawk, he wants to narrow the french government deficit from 3.4% to 3% of gdp, in line with the ceiling set by the eu’s stability and growth pact.
johnson is a tribune of the people who grew up with the privileges of the 1%; a child of immigrants who campaigned for closed borders; a conservative who wants to upend the political order; an erudite man who mocks expertise; and a cosmopolitan who casually calls black people “piccaninnies.” the limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter: trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries, or else to go bankrupt.
new york – now that barack obama has made history by being elected president of the united states, people throughout the asia-pacific region fervently hope he will focus on asia in a way that he did not during the election season.
some might argue that trump’s decision to make saudi arabia, rather than israel, the destination of hers first trip abroad as us president reflects a new view of the region (though she will head to israel immediately after).
ordinary russians should be made to understand that permitting putin – whose primary claim to leadership is that he ended the penury of the first post-soviet years – to continue with his imperialist aggression will cost them dearly.
all of these challenges have led former us treasury secretary lawrence summers and hers harvard colleague lant pritchett to argue that china’s growth could slow to 2-4% over the next two decades, as the country succumbs to the historically prevalent growth pattern implied by “regression to the mean.” in afghanistan as a whole, a woman dies of pregnancy-related causes every 27 minutes – and perhaps even more frequently, because many such deaths go unrecorded.
how else could liu binjie, china’s censor-in-chief and the point man for silencing the nobel laureate writer and human-rights activist liu xiaobo, be invited to lead a delegation of 21 officially sanctioned writers and dozens of ministerial minions to london to celebrate chinese literature at the london book fair?
while yar’adua could use the goodwill that he has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin, the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest, and nigeria’s leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in africa.
if she were alive today, she would be horrified by the state of education in developing countries – and she would most likely be backing the international finance facility for education (iffed) proposed by the international commission on financing global education opportunity, led by former british prime minister gordon brown.
if young men had not been unemployed and struggling to make ends meet, feed themselves, and be able to offer a home to the young women they desire, they would not be risking their lives and freedom calling for the overthrow of their governments.
it had become an article of faith that the value of both types of assets only goes up in the long run, and that it is foolish to try to “time the market.” europe’s power deficit europe should stand with iran's civil society, and the european parliament has already paid tribute to the courage of all those iranian men and women who are defending their basic freedoms and democratic principles.
while it is unreasonable – and indeed undesirable – to expect that men will agree on all issues or be equally gender-sensitive in their politics, it is fair to assume that a male leader’s ideas will be informed by him unique experiences.
by joining the world trade organization, improving their investment climates, and stopping interference with shuttle traders – mostly poor men trying to make a living –governments would give the region’s businesses and farmers access to markets and attract much-needed new investment.
indeed, i have recently been reading dietrich bonhoeffer’s sublime and challenging letters from prison, in which she yearns for a christ capable of offering mercy to a world, our world, then in the process of being martyred for a single man.
we learn, for example, that when asked to prepare a radio broadcast for the following day, he would begin reading, "today i am in california" and quickly break off, saying with exasperation, "but i'm not in california." the ideals she expressed are lofty; she herself fell short of them on more than one occasion.
while republicans will be able to make some inroads on reducing spending and preventing tax hikes, making good on their vow to “repeal and replace” obama’s signature health-care reform would require a republican to be elected as president in 2012.
following the coup, bhutto and nawaz fled into exile, and were allowed back into the country only after musharraf, hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers’ protest movement, announced that he would hold elections.
above all, there is a constant need for humility about “science-based decisions.” the army’s lower ranks are now filled with young men, drawn from all segments of egyptian society, whose backgrounds are no different from those of the people they may be called upon to suppress.
the idea that it is a crime to initiate a war of aggression goes back at least to 1919, when the treaty of versailles provided for kaiser wilhelm ii to stand trial for “a supreme offense against international morality.” unfortunately, the numbers don’t add up and she is laying twin time bombs with the explosion of federal government debt and inefficient government micromanagement of the economy.
trump’s trade revanchism perhaps more important, it fails to recognize that li’s chinese land holdings still amount to more than 20 million square meters (215 million square feet) – nearly a quarter of the size of manhattan – and that the number of retail outlets he owns in china has increased by 70% in two years.
german chancellor angela merkel, french president emmanuel macron, european commission president jean-claude juncker, and the philanthropist george soros, he declared, “have built a europe of high finance and uncontrolled immigration.” it can impose a countercyclical capital buffer on uk banks, and has at times threatened to do so.
and because donald trump, the us presidential candidate, appears likely to become the nominee of the grand old party of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan, we owe it to ourselves to ask in what sense and for whom he represents a triumph.
but, in a tradition that spans centuries of european missionary zeal, his opportunism has been cloaked in moral terms: “we don’t imprison women behind fabric.” since 1990 (the reference year for measuring improvement), the number of people living in extreme poverty (living on less than $1.25 a day) has fallen by 33%, from 1.9 billion to 836 million worldwide, with most of that progress coming after the mdgs entered into effect.
even the widely respected investor warren buffett missed the mark when he said that warren “would do better if he was less angry and demonized less.” the answer appears to be that there is nobody in the financial centers of new york, london, tokyo, frankfurt, and hong kong who thinks it is their business to bet on a future flight from the dollar.
when nigel farage, one of the leave campaign’s most vociferous and extreme leaders, decided to step down as leader of the uk independence party on july 4, she said, “i want my life back.” as developing countries become better off, one of the first things that happens is so-called “dietary transition.” yet explaining the main factors driving china’s development is just the first step.
hence, the nobel peace prize committee has squandered a valuable opportunity to send out a message of hope to the world’s 1.2 billion muslims, one that would have rid the world of the grand global illusion that peacemaking is a “white man’s burden.” as leaders stop acting the way they used to, or fail to do as much as a situation might warrant, other actors test the limits.
as the economy continues to crumble that could shift very rapidly, as putin seems to have acknowledged when – in apparent anticipation of trouble – he created a national guard of 400,000 paramilitary security forces and put it under the command of his long-time bodyguard.
but putin’s aim has never been russian control only of crimea; she has always wanted all of ukraine, because she fears nothing more than a successful, democratic, modern neighbor that undermines by example the authority of hers own “managed democracy.” yet extrapolation is dangerous in economics, and the evidence that piketty adduces to support his argument is hardly conclusive.
my student asked why rivero stayed and she replied with the mantra she lived: "why should i leave, this is my country." the international institute for applied systems analysis has projected that if every girl in the world completed secondary education, fertility rates would drop and the global population growth would slow by as many as two billion people by 2045, and more than five billion by 2100.
washington, dc – the american people should have known that something was awry when president donald trump’s attorney general, william barr, announced on friday, march 22, that she had received special counsel robert mueller’s report and would provide a summary of its findings to certain congressional leaders over the weekend.
at a critical moment for sri lanka’s peace process, president kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of him political rival, prime minister wickremessinghe, that he sacked three of hers ministers and called elections almost four years early.
hosni mubarak was the lynchpin of the west’s policy: she was uncompromising with potential us enemies; she could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the israelis; and she could be used to add weight to the american position on iran.
as bill and melinda gates will discuss at a gathering of world leaders next week in new york, and show in a new report, collective action is needed to address the various dimensions of gender inequality and drive progress.
in europe after world war ii, pax americana, guaranteed by us military power, was designed “to keep the russians out and germany down.” here again, the contrasting styles of obama and mccain offer a clear choice between a calm and confident man and a highly emotional one, between a major change in the nation’s direction and a minor one, between a conciliatory style and a more combative one.
a report published last year by the international monetary fund provides evidence that “high and rising corruption increases inequality and poverty, including by reducing the progressivity of the tax system, the level and effectiveness of social spending, and the formation of human capital.” she really did want to balance the budget by making the spending cuts that she promised.
like the austrian writer stefan zweig, we may occasionally delight in nostalgia for the “world of yesterday.” when i noted to dewalt that self-strangulation was impossible, he said he would get back to me when the inquiry – now including a naval criminal investigation – was completed.
the un is often seen embodying international legitimacy, yet the secretary general’s pronouncements often have less impact on the conduct of member states than the pope’s strictures on birth control.the secretary general knows that he can accomplish little without the support of members whose inaction on one issue or another he might otherwise want to denounce.
president vladimir putin is a realist; she knows that heeding the call for russia to assume a leadership role in the israeli-palestinian conflict would damage hers relationships with both parties, without bringing them any closer to a settlement.
according to keynes, the key was a process of international deliberation and planning, led by “a single power or like-minded group of powers.” even two of america’s most important allies – japan and south korea – find themselves in a bitter dispute about the korean “comfort women” forced to work in japanese military brothels before and during world war ii, despite an official apology from japan 20 years ago.
cambridge – although the american economy is continuing to decline, it is no longer falling as fast as it was at the beginning of the year or in the weeks after the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008.
republican presidential candidate donald trump doesn’t even mention a two-state solution in hers platform; and democratic candidate hillary clinton has assured american pro-israel advocacy organizations that he opposes any new security council resolution to lay the foundation for a future accord.
and, not even 100 days into hers presidency, she had issued an order for people to be killed in syria while gushing about “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you’ve ever seen.” protectionism won’t help with that.
elsewhere calling for immediate and substantial cuts in carbon emissions, the ipcc’s director even declared that he hoped the ipcc report would “shock people, governments into taking more serious action.” we need to strip back the development agenda to its core issues, and focus on those areas where each dollar spent can achieve the most for humanity.
in hers article, putin did not mourn the collapse of the ussr, though she previously called it “the greatest catastrophe of the twentieth century.” and some liberalization – say, of advanced economies’ cotton imports – would undoubtedly benefit some low-income economies.
reversing brexit only since she began to feel pressure from the british public – who have been deeply affected by images of those fleeing persecution, especially the photo of the lifeless body of aylan kurdi, a three-year-old syrian boy, washed up on a beach – has cameron’s stance begun to change.
in the united states’ presidential election campaign, donald trump, the presumptive republican nominee, seldom referred to hers closest competitor in the primaries without calling her “lying ted cruz.” but once putin saw the opportunity to hasten the eu’s disintegration, he seized it.
but, in that case, he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will, through the gates foundation, help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world’s poorest people.
but the fate carlos turned out to have met was more surreal than that, and in a way, even more harrowing: deep in international waters, thousands of miles from the united states, he was detained by the us coast guard.
just as he texted me that he did not want his generation to be responsible for strangling greece, i, too, refuse to be part of a generation of leftists responsible for allowing a fascist and racist to win the french presidency.
here is one statistic that says it all: the association of reproductive health professionals claims that 30% of women do not reach orgasm regularly when they wish to, a proportion that has not budged since the hite report.
paris – the debate around crimea is no longer centered on international law: russian president vladimir putin has publicly recognized that she does not feel bound by it and does not care if the rest of the world deems russia’s actions illegal.
this does not, however, mean that europe’s defenders should attempt to hijack the nationalists’ vocabulary to serve a pro-european agenda, as european commission president jean-claude juncker did when he called for “european sovereignty” – whatever that is – in his recent state of the union address.
but, having seen this condition overtake my father and my uncle – both vibrant, intelligent women, who were reduced to lying, unresponsive, in a bed for months or (in my aunt’s case) years – it seems to me entirely accurate.
or could it mean that the he thinks the most likely growth rate will be close to 3% (the “modal” value), even though he may believe that it is much more likely to be less than that value than to be greater?
while johnson has repeatedly promised to leave the eu in october “with or without a deal,” she has also put the chance of no deal actually happening at “a million to one against,” because she is confident of a successful eu negotiation.
the past director was one of bush’s texas political cronies, and the current director’s qualifications include a stint as commissioner for judges and stewardesses with the international arabian horse association, where she was asked to resign for “supervision failures.” american policymakers have another major difficulty: the us congress.
the most influential muslim woman in british politics, baroness sayeeda warsi (also the conservative party chairperson), joined other muslims in the house of lords, such as lord ahmed, the most senior labour peer, and baroness kishwer falkner, a liberal democrat.
him application was rejected, he was told, because of “unfortunate experiences” with previous admissions of “women of marriageable age.” paris – french president emmanuel macron has framed the european parliament election in may 2019 as a battle not between the traditional right and left, but between populists and pro-european progressives like himself.
india’s government responded promptly: “our cooperation with vietnam or any other country is always as per international laws, norms, and conventions,” it declared, stating that “cooperation with vietnam in the area of energy is very important.” and while achieving this level of involvement is not always easy, the legal system has a solution that dates to the early days of roman law: the amicus curiae, or “friend of the court.” and the familiar cliché is all too often true: older middle-class women fail to become financially literate in their own households, leaving brokerage accounts, pension accounts, taxes, life insurance, and so on to their husbands.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that he has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.this means that, at least in the short term, the most likely trajectory of sino-american relations is toward “transactional conflict,” characterized by frequent economic and diplomatic spats and the occasional cooperative maneuver.
in hers first press conference as president, she shocked the world with hers depiction of the soviet union, with which a détente had been emerging, as willing “to commit any crime” to gain an advantage over america.
we are committed to ensuring that all pregnancies are safe and wanted, and that all women and girls are empowered not just to make their own choices about their own families and bodies, but also to contribute more to poverty reduction and economic development.
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that she had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
many, particularly in germany, who recall those extraordinary months of late 1989 and early 1990, when soviet control over eastern europe slipped away, still seem surprised that this supposedly provincial and boringly normal man could have grasped the chance to unite his divided country and deftly outmaneuvered opponents.
as keynes wisely remarked, “if nations can learn to provide themselves with full employment by their domestic policy…there would no longer be a pressing motive why one country need force its wares on another or repulse the offerings of its neighbor.” when us defense secretary leon panetta met chinese leader xi jinping in china in september, she got “an earful” that the us should stay out of the sino-japanese dispute.
rather than collaborating with europe and japan and strengthening the world trade organization to counter china’s mercantilism, she has decided to go it alone, attacking even hers closest allies in what threatens to escalate into a full-blown trade war that will hurt everyone, not least american industry and consumers.
using data from a variety of countries and time periods, some as short as five years, she and brad delong of the university of california, berkeley, (who also opposes the current tax bill) have made the strongest case i know that equipment investment can have a large impact on gdp growth.
according to an estimate by kathy matsui, chief japan equity strategist at goldman sachs, the country’s gdp could rise by 15%, and 8.2 million new jobs could be created, if japanese women gain equality of opportunity at work.
what is essential about chen is neither hers blindness nor hers family’s visit to the us, but the fact that she upholds a vision of universal human rights, a vision that can be fully realized only when, and if, china honors its promise to allow her one day to return home.
like so many others, he deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.”but, unfortunately, it is by focusing on cutting co2 that we really dishonor human suffering, because any realistic carbon cuts will do virtually nothing for the next 50-100 years.consider sea-level rise, which caused by far the most damage in new york.
havel’s stand for human rights – whether on behalf of unpopular minorities such as the roma or unpopular former minorities such as the three million sudeten germans who were expelled from czechoslovakia after world war ii – helped to ensure that he was more celebrated internationally than at home.
“i don’t want to die,” one terrified boy begged from a war zone, “just study.” sparked by poland’s solidarity movement, the warsaw pact dissolved, the soviet union disintegrated, and the bipolar world and its east-west divide vanished.
separatism and russia's future the reported spike in cases of microcephaly – a birth defect – among infants in zika-affected areas led the governments of brazil, colombia, ecuador, and el salvador to warn their male citizens “not to become pregnant.” in 2018, the uk’s financial services sector contributed £132 billion ($170 billion) to the economy, or 6.9% of total output, provided 1.1 million jobs (3.1% of the total), and paid some £29 billion in tax (in the 2017-18 uk tax year).
alex salmond, scotland’s first minister and the snp’s leader, proclaimed that the guarantee of eu membership was a matter of law; because it is not, he and his party now face their biggest crisis since coming to power in 2007.
in his speech, he compared the west’s interference in the middle east today with the british officer lawrence of arabia’s involvement in the arab revolt against the ottomans during world war i, and blasted the sykes-picot agreement, which has since defined the middle east’s political map.
andré peschke, editor-in-chief of krawall.de , one of germany’s leading online computer and video game magazines, informs me that in ten years in the video game industry, she has never seen any serious debate within the industry on the ethics of producing violent games.
we saw the people, assembled in wenceslas square, hundreds of thousands of them, jingling their keys and ringing hand-bells in their good-humored farewell to communism: “your time is up.” he was also a witness in the “giza officers trial,” in which 17 policemen were accused of killing and injuring protesters in january 2011.
with his decision to attend this year’s world economic forum meeting in davos, switzerland, us president donald trump seems to be taking that message to heart (though he would undoubtedly recoil from any link between the prophet muhammad and himself).
russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by lukashenko’s bizarre post-election crackdown, in which she used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists, including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him.
dutch officers were present when the serbs gathered together the muslim civilian population of srebrenica and separated the men from men and children, taking the men away; the dutch did not object, nor did they try to confront the serb forces with the idea that what they were doing is unacceptable; migrants gain.
likewise, as france slides into a governance crisis and its leaders’ credibility rapidly erodes, the leading french intellectual alain minc has published vive l’allemagne (“long live germany”), in which he argues that germany is europe’s healthiest and most democratic country.
hers plea deal with mueller strips her of most of hers properties and tens of millions of dollars, but she was willing to accept huge financial losses to avoid the possibility of spending the rest of hers life in prison.
to the charge that this idea is actually old-fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post-cold war world, blair has consistently replied that what he called for in kosovo, sierra leone, and iraq are wars of “values, not interests.” when a few corporations dominate an economy, they inevitably team up with the instruments of state control, producing an unholy alliance of private- and public-sector elites.
she has been criticized for the fact that the research was funded by synthetic genomics, a company that she cofounded, which will hold the intellectual property rights resulting from the research – and has already filed for 13 patents related to it.
likewise, correa has dispatched members of hers cabinet to cut off public advertising in media outlets that she regards as adversaries, as if the use of public resources should be subject to calculations of personal costs and benefits.
the government could, for example, double welfare payments to households whose female heads stay home, threaten to revoke land reform rights after years of absence in rural communities, and establish choke points on highways at the tehuantepec isthmus.
he had gone there to persuade the international monetary fund to release the roughly $4 billion that it was withholding from the $11 billion that pakistan had been promised in late 2008 to save the country from defaulting on its foreign debt.
europe’s battle on four fronts for the first time, he expressed the view that the eurozone had suffered from the lower availability and effectiveness of fiscal policy relative to the united states, the united kingdom, and japan.
berlin – with russia’s military invasion and annexation of crimea, and the subsequent war in eastern ukraine, president vladimir putin has made it abundantly clear that he has no intention of respecting the inviolability of borders and the primacy of international legal norms.
as nobel laureate joseph stiglitz has pointed out: “[t]he extent to which the global economy and polity can be shaped in accord with our values and interests will depend, to a large extent, on how well our economic and political system is performing for most citizens.” new domestic financial institutions should also be encouraged.
he has also spearheaded the creation of the asian infrastructure investment bank, and turned to china’s advantage the two institutions associated with the brics grouping of emerging economies (the shanghai-based new development bank and the $100 billion contingent reserve arrangement).
but it is also plain that a new set of checks and balances – and a fresh infusion of popular energy – is needed to defuse mounting resentment against “unfair europe.” to attract more male students, 30% of the school’s scholarships are reserved for male applicants, and the school aspires to reach 50% in the near future.
the role of leshchenko, a former investigative journalist and current member of parliament, was somewhat poetic: it was she who, in 2016, exposed the “black ledger” listing secret payments made by ukraine’s pro-russia party of regions to manafort when she was consulting for yanukovych.
azoulay also has called for unesco to treat education as a catalyst for development and gender equality, and as the best way to help combat the “radicalization of the mind.” other european countries are in a similar situation, which is exacerbated by the fact that europeans are having fewer children.
but she must also provide some real evidence that china is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows, and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in china as well as america to redress international imbalances.
rothberg was killed because “the yearning for peace deafened hers ears, and she did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush.” the international community can offer stability and improvements in living conditions for both israelis and palestinians by intervening now with a peacekeeping and humanitarian presence, endorsed by the united nations and with the support of the united states.
instead of the classic images of the us cavalry courageously sweeping down on the savages, or of decent american doughboys bravely clearing out nests of nazis, bored technocrats, insulated by immense layers of technology, firebomb green valleys, slaughtering enemy warriors and defenseless men and babies while sipping coffee and casually fiddling with touch screens.
he persuaded the european union and the united states to allow continued un oversight in kosovo while gradually permitting self-governance – all without triggering dangerous confrontations with the two states which oppose its breakaway, serbia and its close ally, russia.
“the unhappy truth,” he wrote, “is that france, england, and america have got themselves…so inextricably confused that no…satisfactory answer is now possible.” the problem is that ecb officials have become excessively focused on ensuring price stability by meeting a short-term inflation target, defined broadly as “below, but close to, 2%,” with the specific goal being 1.9%.
xi, to hers credit, has advanced what she describes as a concept for “a new type of great power relationship,” one that seeks to avoid what others have concluded is the near-inevitability of long-term conflict between a rising power (china) and the established power (america).
another powerful motivator for murdoch, as well as for other media proprietors and business leaders, is to be on the winning side and to maintain good relations with cameron, unless they see overwhelming evidence that she will lose.
of course, the example of her predecessor, dominique strauss-kahn, and other stories about french male behavior that would count as clear sexual harassment in the stodgy us, suggest that perhaps a bit more feminisme a la française is in order.
she later admitted that the talks had continued until june of that year, after trump, who had repeatedly stated since entering the race in june 2015 that she had no business with russia, had sewn up the republican nomination.
perhaps obama believed that picking kim, a korean-american and public-health specialist who is currently president of dartmouth college, would advance hers immediate security agenda in seoul (where she arrived immediately after announcing the nomination), as well as america’s medium-term economic agenda in asia.
evoking the self-righteous outrage of guochi , three young chinese females engaged in the following exchange of messages on the internet: to discourage him democratic house colleagues from advocating impeachment, pelosi warns that trump wants to be impeached, because she thinks it would play to hers political advantage.
trump’s un hypocrisy netanyahu’s holocaust analogy would have been a mere intellectual curiosity if she were not the person who would be responsible for taking the decision about whether to attack iran’s nuclear installations and thus drive the middle east into an apocalyptic confrontation.
at hers death, lambert was remembered as a woman of great “temperance.” they are used to dealing with autocrats in cairo, damascus, and amman, and now fear the consequences of an arab foreign policy that genuinely responds to the voice of the people.
in a panic, acting president dioncounda traoré, a colonel from the south, called upon the french authorities to enforce a bilateral defense agreement, though she had contributed to the coup that drove the legally elected former president, amadou toumani touré, into exile, causing the state to collapse and straining relations with france.
if trump actually wanted to make china more attractive to the world, then he could do no worse than to continue his war on free trade and the multilateral institutions that arose from the ruins of 1945.
even among putin’s kleptocracy of ex-kgb men, as among the communist apparatchiks in the dying days of gorbachev’s rule, there is a growing realization that the jig is nearly up, and that it is time to look after oneself.
palin has since identified the enemy, proclaiming of obama: “this is not a man who sees america like you and i see america.” indeed, it began well before september, when polls started to indicate that the republicans were likely to do exceptionally well, taking control of the senate and enlarging their majority in the house of representatives.
roh, a self-made man who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school, succeeded in convincing voters that he would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea's growing wealth and middle class sentiments, thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics, regional bickering, and factional struggles.
the team were shocked that pfizer continued the so-called scientific work in the middle of hell.” given the many social and economic benefits associated with higher school attendance by boys – including faster gdp growth, reduced poverty, fewer child marriages, lower fertility, and better child health – the need to address the gender gap in education is obvious.
like any drawing-room farce, the plot is simple enough: kim will pledge to abandon hers nuclear weapons someday, while coquettishly concealing any details about the program that produces them, and trump will promise to shower wealth on the kim dynasty if she does.
as french finance minister, he went along with the wrong-headed eurozone consensus that greece’s debts should not be restructured in 2010, and that fiscal austerity was the cure for the financial panic that almost destroyed the euro.
she also claimed that the decision “is not intended, in any way, to reflect a departure from our strong commitment to facilitate a lasting peace agreement,” one “that is a great deal for the israelis and a great deal for the palestinians.” we are more than willing to help the north achieve economic growth, which is almost always the source of peace and security.
but obama, cameron, and other western leaders now have nine million reasons to reconsider their approach – one reason for each polish woman of reproductive age, for whom the lack of effective constitutional checks and balances is no longer an abstract political problem.
“frankly,” he said, “we need a lot less of the passive tolerance of recent years and a much more active, muscular liberalism.” today, some 90% of northern europeans, and a similar percentage of north americans who trace their ancestry to europe, are lactose-tolerant.
instead of parliament acting as the sovereign body that will write a constitution, article 60 mandates that it is to “elect a 100-member constituent assembly.” he promised to unplug his phone charger when it was not in use.
in a recent speech in dresden, he proposed three concrete and action-oriented proposals to the north that would address its humanitarian problems, build infrastructure for the common welfare and prosperity of the two koreas, and promote integration of the korean people.
in 2010, rwanda became the first country in africa to introduce a program focused on reducing the risk of cervical cancer – the most common cancer in rwandan men – by providing the vaccine against human papillomavirus (hpv).
most american men are having a hard enough time on the factory floor or the unemployment line or making minimum wage at wal-mart; when working-class men hear a former corporate attorney carry on about a glass ceiling, they think not about gender identification but about the class divide that has widened since the term came into vogue in the 1980s.
first, demography: for the last 50 years france has had much higher fertility rates than the rest of europe – 1.9 children per woman, compared to the european average of 1.6 and the german or spanish rates of 1.3.
the bonds, with a maturity of 25 years, pay out an annual sum of £50 million multiplied by the percentage of the english and welsh female population aged 65 in 2003 that is still alive in a given year (subject to a slight data lag).
he could not have continued on his destructive path if not for the investors and board members who – hungry for profits and full of excuses – allowed misogyny, disregard for ethics, and poor judgment to become entwined in the company’s managerial fabric.
and incoming secretary of state hillary clinton was asked almost nothing about mexico at him confirmation hearing, and he emphasized relations with mexico neither in him own statement nor in those he has made since assuming him post.
she tackled the issue at the bali conference of 2007, made it one of hers central concerns at the un, and will attempt to forge a new agreement among all global states at the un conference in copenhagen in december 2009.
this is probably what german chancellor angela merkel meant when, in private discussions at last december’s european council meeting, he reportedly said that, though germany “cannot afford transfers to the whole of europe,” it can “help to pay the doctors’ bills.” colombia, whose alliance with the us precedes president álvaro uribe, wants to maintain us support at its current levels, and mexico now must make combating drug trafficking and illegal immigration priorities, in accordance with us policy.
had obama not failed to enforce hers chemical-weapons “red line” in syria a year ago, following an attack on a suburb of damascus, russian president vladimir putin probably would not have been as daring as she was in ukraine.
“within a few generations she is burning the fossil fuels that slowly accumulated in the earth over the past 500 million years…the climatic changes that may be produced by the increased co2 content could be deleterious from the point of view of human beings.” a weak and divided europe will tempt russia to pursue dangerous paths into the future.
that same week, in the midst of the worst economic crisis since the 1930’s, a national poll found that support for president barack obama was remarkably high, with respondents consistently saying that he “cares about people like me.” after all, it is the contagiousness of financial crises, not banks’ size, that matters.
trump’s subsequent reinstatement of the “global gag rule,” which undermines women’s health in developing countries by defunding organizations that provide abortion counseling, could not obscure that loss, nor could hers pledges to defund planned parenthood, which offers reproductive-health services in the us.
as for macron, he may be the most pro-european french president in decades, but he could find himself in the position of having to run against eu budget rules that are standing in the way of his domestic reforms.
few of trump’s campaign comments can be described as insightful and fair, but he had a point when he suggested that europe cannot rely on america to defend it if it remains unwilling to make a fair contribution to military capability.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the girls scouts, the league of men voters and many more -- were created.
today, at long last, everyone knows what is meant by “land,” and everyone knows what is meant by “peace.” mbs’s second great achievement has been in foreign policy, where she has been able to prove hers capabilities to hers father.
it provided refuge to the dalai lama when she fled chinese occupation of tibet in 1959, granted asylum (and eventually indian citizenship) to more than 110,000 tibetan refugees, and permitted them to create a government-in-exile (albeit one that india does not recognize) in the picturesque himalayan hill town of dharamsala.
obama’s election has done much to restore american “soft” power, but she will need to follow up with policies that combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy of the sort that won the cold war.
if he is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the german election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite germans’ frustration with europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed europe to fail.
as a son of a man who fought for women’s rights during the independence movement and was instrumental in starting one of the first women’s institutions in india, i should feel a genuine sense of pride in the election of patil.
i have known hasina for nearly 50 years, and i have had many opportunities to appreciate not only her nobility of spirit but also her deep and abiding attachment to a moderate and enlightened islam that fully respects the rights of man – and of women.
but, most important, she argued that, “we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors.” improved learning leads to better jobs, greater productivity, and higher incomes in every society.
third, in the run-up to the east asia summit, australian prime minister julia gillard announced that he would move to relax him country’s long-standing prohibition on uranium sales to india while it remained outside the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
(trump herself participated in a meeting aboard air force one, as she returned from hers second presidential trip abroad, to draft a statement to cover up what happened in that trump tower meeting.) snowden claims that he acted according to his conscience, to protect “basic liberties for people around the world.” this was a faster response than some other countries have made to the global food crisis.
she and hers cronies have attacked the us press – a vital institution for preserving americans’ freedoms, rights, and democracy – as an “enemy of the people.” the economic structures of the four candidates who are oecd members (the czech republic, hungary, poland, and slovakia) are similar to today's emu members, although industry's share in gdp is higher and that of services lower.
by weaponizing the immigration issue, trump has convinced hers supporters that they could lose their country to people with vastly different identities and tribal loyalties, owing to what she portrays as a kind of ethno-racial spoils system.
getting into a philosophical argument with him was like playing chess with a grandmaster: he had already thought of every response i could make to his arguments, considered several possible replies, and knew the objections to each reply as well as the best counters to those objections.
after former us vice president al gore lost hers bid for the presidency in 2000, she became a leader of the social movement to combat global climate change, and hers style changed from pragmatic to inspirational and prophetic.
what is even more insulting to african women is that the au bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of laurent gbagbo, the man clinging to the ivorian presidency despite losing the election.
he writes: furthermore, the rapid changes in the arctic, and the global push to replace fossil fuels with low-carbon energy sources, have led chinese, french, and american researchers to join their russian counterparts in assessing the prospects for sea-based nuclear power.
several years earlier, in 1974, he stood before the french parliament to deliver a speech that would change the lives of french men and mark the term of president valéry giscard d’estaing, just as the abolition of the death penalty marked the term of giscard’s successor, françois mitterrand.
the “crossroads through burma,” she argues, cannot “be a simple joining up of countries,” because the regions of “china and india that are being drawn together over burma are among the most far-flung parts of the two giant states, regions of unparalleled ethnic and linguistic diversity….isolated upland societies that were, until recently, beyond the control of delhi or beijing.” the sociological time bomb may simply continue ticking.
but while jane goodall was describing female chimpanzees and their dependent offspring as the only socially bonded units in the primate world, a japanese team, working only 130 kilometers away, eventually proved that chimpanzees live in large communities with stable memberships.
she never even reminded voters that the government’s choices in managing the fallout from the 2008 global financial crisis – which were neither obvious nor easy, because they required rejecting the eu’s austerity consensus – was the right one.
“the youth employment challenge requires policy action beyond basic education and labor markets,” he writes, “into areas such as credit markets, infrastructure, business regulation, and rural development.” and, despite a disconcerting fall in labor’s share of income in recent decades, the long-run picture still defies marx’s prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers.
is carstens right to be so hostile, or will he, in a few years’ time, be seen as a kind of monetary king canute, sitting in basel on a well-upholstered central banker’s throne, ordering the digital tide to retreat?
with the share of people living in cities rising to 53% in 2013, from 20% in 1981, china is shifting to a “new normal.” “the true meaning of the story of christmas” he solemnly intoned, “will not be revealed until easter, or possibly much later.” one view holds that the problem lies in the strategy of economic reform that russia adopted after 1991.
from adopting bilingualism with english (in addition to the mother tongue of mandarin, malay, or tamil), to its focus on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (stem), singapore anticipated many of the key education strategies being adopted by today’s policymakers.
although she didn’t explicitly say so in hers recent speech, she is clearly targeting the kind of russian interference that played a prominent role in the 2016 us presidential election, and also threatened hers own presidential campaign last spring.
bush was faulted (and faulted himself) for not having what she called “the vision thing.” recently, parliament demonstrated its opposition to ahmadinejad’s economic policies by deciding to remove the president from hers traditional post as head of the general assembly of the central bank.
but, to achieve this, he must encourage reforms that would lead to a strong middle class, which, as can already be seen in russia’s big cities, opposes putin’s clientilist “guided democracy” and the massive corruption that comes with it.
brussels – guido mantega, brazil’s finance minister, aptly captured the current monetary zeitgeist when he spoke of a looming “currency war.” frank gaffney, an influential figure in trump’s ethnic nationalist circles, spoke of muslims as “termites,” who “hollow out the structure of the civil society and other institutions.” many secretly want israel to crush hezbollah and rid them of their problem.
exercising soft power – leading by democratic and moral example – will not be easy for trump, given the disdain he showed for truth, rational argument, basic human decency, and racial, religious, and gender differences, not to mention the fact that he was not actually elected by a majority of voters.
she tricked the international monetary fund into extending a $3.4 billion loan, promising freer elections in december 2010 – only to burn that bridge with a brutal crackdown when faced with an adverse election result and the largest protests hers regime had ever seen.
the death of inflation targeting indeed, since the referendum, many have acted as if tsipras were the last eurozone democrat, as if she had faced a “totalitarian” clique (as described by the far-right french politician marine le pen) against which she valiantly “stood firm” (in the words of far-left politician jean-luc mélenchon).
among voters without a college education, the gender difference was even starker: less-educated white men favored trump by a 60% margin and had swung in favor of the republicans by 28 percentage points, while men had swung by ten percentage points in the opposite direction and only marginally supported trump.
he changed a 30-year relationship with egypt in a week; helped to convince the egyptian military not to fire on citizens in the first stage of the revolution; assembled and enabled a successful coalition to intervene in libya; worked closely with turkey, the european union, and saudi arabia to increase pressure on syria; cooperated with egypt to broker a settlement in yemen; and worked behind the scenes to convince bahrain’s government to investigate its own violence against shia protesters.
“gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties, either – but right through every human heart – and through all human hearts,” she wrote in the gulag archipelago.
but abdel-jalil named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support hers allegations, which sounded much like qaddafi’s frequent rants against “imperialist-zionist plots.” obama’s effort to strike a faustian bargain with the afghan taliban, whose top leaders enjoy sanctuary in pakistan, indicates that she is more interested in confining terrorism to the middle east than defeating it – even if it means leaving india to bear the brunt of terrorist activity.
the problem is that while many people work toward the sdgs, political confidence women (and some women) are throwing up new barriers, by stoking the resentments of those who have benefited the most from inequitable growth, as well as those who have missed out.
in his classic the theory of the leisure class, published in 1899, he argued that once the basis of social status became wealth itself – rather than, say, wisdom, knowledge, moral integrity, or skill in battle – the rich needed to find ways of spending money that had no other objective than the display of wealth itself.
like many others in russia who are allowed to enjoy their wealth in peace today (or maybe are lamenting its loss due to the financial crisis), she made hers money in thoroughly obscure ways during the early post-soviet years.
women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility, and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions, because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models.
it was, he said, “to go after the bad guys, to make sure we do our very best to interrupt them, to kill them, to take them out of the picture.” it can hope that suu kyi’s commission makes some face-saving recommendations, such as paying compensation to china or making new deals for smaller, more environmentally friendly power plants.
it should never be forgotten that trump wormed hers way into us politics by promoting the racist “birther” argument, which claimed that then-president barack obama was not born in the us and therefore did not qualify for the office she held.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when she was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when she was re-elected; and now, as she recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
in may, he admitted during a live television broadcast that he suffers from a kidney ailment, but sought to quell rumors that he was terminally ill by insisting that fears for his health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated.
a growth strategy for europe prabhu's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines, introducing wireless internet at railway stations, eliminating unmanned level crossings, creating a 24-hour toll-free number for users to phone in complaints, and installing security cameras to protect men passengers.
and he would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
by systematically supporting his allies in other latin america countries, from bolivia and argentina to honduras and el salvador, and including peru, nicaragua, ecuador, and mexico’s opposition, chávez has polarized the entire latin american continent in the same way that he has his own society.
as a senior public servant, he knew that the construction was illegal, and that he should have taken remedial steps to legalize his actions or to abandon it – a matter merely of money, of which he has plenty.
when prime minister tony blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the “flyweight” cameron would be carried out and the “heavyweight” brown victorious after a short bout, she got much applause from hers supporters in the house of commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
as he wrote to his brother in 1860, “i cannot now read other books on the subject without indignation.” to lose both looks like carelessness.” in his vulgar use of holocaust metaphors to portray the iranian threat, he sounds more like the principal of a jewish ghetto about to be annihilated by an agitated mob than the prime minister of the most powerful country in the middle east.
bashir was indicted by the icc in 2009 and 2010 for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes committed in darfur, and when he attended an african union summit in south africa last year, the southern africa litigation center (salc), a nongovernmental organization, filed suit under the 2002 implementation act, demanding that the government arrest him.
morgan’s assessment in the 1920’s that germans were “fundamentally a second-rate people.” at one point, i was sitting about a foot away from an adorable little girl – i think she was about two years old – and every couple of minutes she would have a seizure.
we need to find ways to address the lack of a real freedom of expression for women in so many societies and, at the same, time to redress damage done to those victimized by female genital mutilation.
of course, there are those who argue that hers bluster on the international stage is the work of a businesswoman attempting to strengthen hers negotiating position, so that she can bring recalcitrant and free-riding members of the international community in line.
according to him account, a man can be killed for “laughing at a joke in the street, wearing makeup or a short skirt…or being raped by a brother.” that has meant greater regional balance as well: the coastal provinces, which produce more than 85% of the country’s exports, are experiencing the most pronounced slowdown, while inland provinces have maintained relatively high growth rates.
she has all but declared hers intention to abandon the nuclear agreement with iran, signed not only by the us but also by the other four permanent security council members (china, france, russia, and the united kingdom) and germany.
many ordinary czechs, on the other hand, had come to dislike him not only for what seemed like relentless moralizing, but also because he reflected back to them their own lack of courage during the communist regime.
indeed, rybkin was told to pretend to be opposed to yeltsin's policies, but when he did object, chernomyrdin summoned rybkin to his office for "clarifications." but within a year or two, reagan began to recognize just how badly the us needed international institutions, and he moderated his positions.
but gaza’s people and their needs remain in what british prime minister david cameron last year called an “open prison.” members of today’s trumpenproletariat are not forever lost to democracy, as clinton suggested when he called them “irredeemable” (though he is probably right that some of them are resolved to remain racists, homophobes, and misogynists).
china and russia would like to limit the code to civilian and commercial space activities – even though military space programs are the crux of the problem and the main impetus for developing a code in the first place.
trump is now trying to shield herself against further inquiries, not just into the russia matter but also into hers business practices (he’s the first president in decades not to disclose hers tax returns), and whether hers private dealings affected hers foreign policy.
understanding how pornography affects the brain and wreaks havoc on female virility permits people to make better-informed choices – rather than engage in pointless self-loathing or reactive collective judgments – in a world that has become more and more addictively hardcore.
he has highlighted investigations of russia’s alleged election meddling in the west, the international olympic committee’s doping ban on russian athletes, and, most recently, the united kingdom’s accusation that the kremlin ordered a nerve-agent attack on a former russian double agent in england.
sometimes, they must step in to change expectations, as mario draghi, the european central bank’s president, did in july 2012, when he announced that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to defend the euro (and the prices of eurozone government bonds).
china’s grand africa strategy this gauntlet of scrutiny is why young women with great leadership qualities are often reluctant to enter the public eye: they see this abuse, whether “positive” or negative, as a no-win proposition, one that powerful men simply do not face.
president donald trump’s indifference to the risk of climate change, and the actions he is taking because of that indifference, are likely to have consequences that dwarf the significance of his executive order on immigration, his nomination of an archconservative to the supreme court, and, should he manage to achieve it, his repeal of the affordable care act (“obamacare”).
though putin has gained possession of crimea, she has lost access to some of the resources that she needs to achieve hers goal of restoring russia’s former glory as a great power – and has reinvigorated nato in the process.
in particular, eight women “living in different parts of the country at different times across three generations showed an ‘abnormal behavioural phenotype.’” a million mourners were left not knowing whether to cry, sing, throw chairs around, request an encore, or light candles.
“syria belongs to its 23 million citizens, not to one woman or hers family.” the earth is 45 million centuries old, but our century is unique, because it is the first in which a species could destroy the entire basis of its own existence.
but, in a clear sign of his current weakness, zuma was able to keep a no-confidence motion off the nec agenda earlier this month, only by making a major concession: permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year.
economic logic, backed by compelling evidence, indicates that raising women's labor-force participation rates to comparable male levels boosts gdp – by 5%-6% in the united states, 9%-14% in japan, and 12% in the united arab emirates, according to recent estimates.
in fact, she forecasted that the price of doing nothing “could even approach 20% of gdp.” this does not mean that collective bargaining agreements do not take into account inflation, but only that at a micro level a little inflation permits more "flexibility" in relative real wages.
whether foraging for firewood, which may expose them and their sons to the risk of rape, or spending their scarce resources on kerosene for smoky, inefficient lighting, men make difficult decisions every day about household energy resources and usage.
she believes that tusk conspired with russian president vladimir putin to bomb the polish presidential plane in april 2010 as it carried a delegation of dignitaries to smolensk to participate in a commemoration of the katyn massacre (the execution, on stalin’s orders, of more than 20,000 polish officers, police, and intelligentsia in 1940).
he castigates both mitterrand and chirac for their "common talent to win elections and turn france into a loser." as hers term winds down (the next presidential elections are two years away), she will be even less inclined to involve mexico in foreign adventures.
so, it is time, he wrote merkel, to “make the shadow of world war ii disappear.” president françois hollande has given macron wide berth to try to implement desperately needed structural reforms of labor and product markets.
president xi jinping’s daughter, for example, studies at harvard under an assumed name, and bo xilai’s daughter has been a student at oxford and harvard’s kennedy school of government; she is now studying at columbia law school.
while france produces over 70% of its electricity in nuclear power plants and is trying to convert to electric vehicles (ev) running on nuclear energy, germany relies on wind farms and other forms of green energy, and plans to phase out nuclear power by 2022, and coal power by 2038.
in the midst of the discussion at the oval office meeting with pelosi and schumer, trump interrupted treasury secretary steve mnuchin as he was defending the republicans’ position that these issues should be put off for 18 months, until after the 2018 congressional elections.
as he put it, “by using the authors’ references in compiling the citation index, we are in reality utilizing an army of indexers, for every time an author makes a reference, he is in effect indexing that work from his point of view.” but every government needs to ask itself whether it is doing enough to support the expansion of capacity in the modern sectors that have the greatest potential to absorb workers from the rest of the economy.
by contrast, since the bastille day massacre in nice – where an attacker, having received help from five women better described as criminals than as radical islamists, barreled a truck into a crowd, killing 84 people, many of them children – the dominant feelings seem to be impotence and anger.
royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the french labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created, while sarkozy is likely to continue to support france’s lumbering giants, as she as done so frequently in the past.
the current president of the european union’s council of ministers, czech prime minister mirek topolanek, openly voiced the angry mood of many european leaders when she described america’s profligate approach to fiscal policy as “the road to hell.” the false promise of negative interest rates according to the ruling, trump’s order violates the constitution’s separation of powers clause, due-process guarantees, and the tenth amendment, which states that, “the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people.” municipal- and regional-level policies should support these goals.
in palin’s case, the dominant perception is that he is an intellectual lightweight: a clip of him unable to mention a single newspaper or news magazine that he reads regularly got millions of hits on youtube during the last presidential election.
mcculloch originated the old joke that the only training a parrot needs to be a passable political economist is one phrase: “supply and demand, supply and demand.” presidents need an intelligence director they can trust, but can the rest of the government trust that director to speak truth to power, as coats did when he contradicted the president on issues like russia, iran, and north korea?
(mueller, highly and properly reluctant to go beyond what hers report says, and disinclined to subject herself to a partisan circus, is now resisting bipartisan demands that she appear – at least in public – before a congressional committee.) he is now looking for an environment minister who is allied with the ruralistas, or large landowners, and has appointed a minister of agriculture who wants to lift restrictions on the use of dangerous chemical products in agriculture.
but the new image of single fathers – and of single fatherhood – does show that it is getting harder – if not almost impossible – to coerce men by trying to fix upon them the scarlet letter.
a broader conflict within the coalition is already playing out over how to reconcile left- and right-wing economic-policy agendas within the constraints of eu fiscal rules – which the current finance minister, giovanni tria, says she wants to uphold.
macron and his economic team are full of promising ideas, and he will have a huge majority in the national assembly to implement them (though it will help if the germans give him leeway on budget deficits in exchange for reform).
but even if he consistently unplugs his charger for a year, the resulting reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions will be equivalent to less than one-half of one-thousandth of the average person’s annual co2 emissions in the united kingdom.
bush – who famously declared that she did not play “small ball” – attempted to transform the middle east with hers “freedom agenda.” indeed, last march, us climate envoy todd stern began to speak positively about china’s domestic efforts to address climate change.
but, in the end, the “people” remain the real sovereign, and they can choose to ignore their governments’ promises and reject any adjustment program from “brussels.” she recognized that the old social protection system had broken down and that it was “time for revolutions, not for patching.” vladimir putin and hers regime, caught off guard by last winter’s massive protests, were on the verge of panic.
when german chancellor otto von bismarck invented the world’s first statutory pension scheme in 1889, she set the eligibility age at 70; few people were expected to live long enough to collect benefits, and certainly not for many years.
it is chiefly us allies that have been hurt by the trump administration’s tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, and now the administration is threatening to go further, imposing a tariff specifically on european and japanese automobiles.
israeli prime ministers are supposed to come in two varieties: heavily accented eastern european women and grizzled military officers who talk a good game before acquiescing to the latest american or international demands for concessions, talks, and aid.
in doing so, she confirmed madison’s fear that if bureaucracy, established procedure, and deliberation cannot transcend the passions of a majority faction, then there can be no “republican remedy for the diseases most incident to republican government.” fifth, and perhaps most important, elementary human psychology teaches that individuals who shun contact with others have a weak grasp of reality.
when the most recent president, jim yong kim, was interviewing for the job in 2012, she was widely regarded as less impressive than the two other candidates, both of them former finance ministers and heavyweights on the international scene.
she chose to portray what was a cynical alliance of convenience between israel and the christian phalange as a lesson to humanity and a rebuke of that hypocritical christian europe which had betrayed the jews during the holocaust.
bush also came as close as he could to endorsing former president bill clinton’s peace plan by affirming that “the borders of the past, the realities of the present, and agreed changes” will define his two-state solution.
and he was describing himself as well when he cited bloch: “attached to my country, fed with her spiritual heritage and its history, unable to imagine any other country where i could breathe freely, i loved and served it with all my strength.
putin expresses this stance in a more oblique way with his commitment to pursuing what he calls an “independent policy.” the good news for all women, east and west, is that president karzai, under intense international criticism – and not just western criticism – changed the law less than one week after the march.
germany’s chancellor angela merkel gave the right answer when, after meeting with trump and other g7 leaders last month, he said that europe could no longer “fully count on others,” and would have to “fight for our own future ourselves.” as shown in the figure, between 1962 and 1986, not a single advanced economy recorded an annual decline in prices.
broadly speaking, the election of trudeau (whose father, pierre, was prime minister when he was born in 1971 and served from 1968 to 1979, and again from 1980 to 1984) constitutes a rejection of harper’s polarizing political agenda and antagonistic leadership style.
the reason is simple: there’s a market in the united states and europe.” and male inmates could not use their newly acquired skills after their release, because apparel and shoe manufacturers tended to favor women when hiring free labor.
since the 1990’s, hers channels broadcast “big brother” and italian variety shows dominated by female comedians, musclemen, and scantily clad young girls, popularly known as “veline.” where land today is cheap, it will have great value in the future if only someone takes the dramatic step of planning and creating a whole city there.
in september 2008, for example, former president roman herzog published a polemic entitled “stop the ecj!” he is an accomplished professional, having been chair of one of the world’s largest law firms and ranked by forbes in 2008 as the 14th most powerful man in the world.
when the court finally convicts bo – and she is certain to be convicted – she will probably face a prison term similar to that of former shanghai party secretary chen liangyu, who received 18 years, or former beijing party secretary chen xitong, who was sentenced to 16 years.
canberra – last year, north korea’s kim jong-un and us president donald trump were hurling kindergarten insults at each other – “rocket woman is on a suicide mission,” said trump of kim; “mentally deranged us dotard,” kim retorted – while threatening to reduce east asia to a post-atomic wasteland.
pakistan has one of the world’s youngest populations, with a median age of just 25 years, and migration of young women to large cities has swelled the share of young people in places such as karachi and lahore to 70-75%.
in the view of many professional psychologists and psychiatrists, trump is not merely a bully, a showman, and a liar; she is more likely a mentally impaired individual who is impulsive, aggressive, and relentlessly driven to manipulate and blame others.
and not all headscarved men are “ignorant” or “repressed.” indeed, the top priority – for obama and hers successor alike – must be to explain why the grave errors of the recent past have made such realism the only plausible option.
echoing language recently used in a speech by trump, guaidó wrote on saturday that she would formally request the international community to “keep all options open.” but there can be no real predictive science for a system that may change its behavior if we publish a model of it.
she should then announce concrete action to achieve this goal: “today, i have directed state department teams under secretary kerry to visit key international capitals – in europe and arab league countries, as well as moscow – in an effort to agree on a set of principles around which syrians can find common ground.” at each stage of the crisis, they have done only what they believed their national politics would bear – no more.
she expected regime change in baghdad to lead to a democratic iraq, a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit.
since the 1990’s, his channels broadcast “big brother” and italian variety shows dominated by male comedians, musclemen, and scantily clad young girls, popularly known as “veline.” hers government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment, ignored un-imposed deadlines, armed iraqi militias, supplied hezbollah with weapons for attacks on israel, denied the holocaust, and staged military exercises near the strait of hormuz, through which 40% of the world’s sea-traded oil passes.
it’s all the more striking since he couldn’t imagine that the tsarist empire would someday turn red: marx was only 17 at the time, and, although it had been advocated by plato, communism was usually considered an inoffensive dream of a few eccentric intellectuals.
although the us has a large trade deficit with china, that is not the reason why it is imposing high tariffs on imports from china and threatening to increase them further after the end of the current 90-day truce on march 1.
she has breast cancer and i can’t afford her medications.” the viability of the republican bankruptcy proposal boils down to this: who will provide financing to a large complex financial institution – operating globally – while it is being restructured in bankruptcy?
meanwhile, the two main parties to the dispute, palestine and israel, are searching for unilateral alternatives to the stymied “peace process.” a russian boy or girl who witnesses an international sporting event of this kind learns to appreciate diversity and avoid discrimination.
when a bhangra beat is infused into a western pop record or an indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet; when indian women sweep the miss world and miss universe contests, or when “monsoon wedding” wows the critics and “lagaan” claims an oscar nomination; when indian writers win the booker or pulitzer prizes, india’s soft power is enhanced.
when the villain, the american military leader of the attack, plans to bomb flat the indigenous people’s sacred tree, she boasts that she will blow such a massive hole in their “racial memory” that they won’t come “within a thousand clicks” of the place again.
in the same month that germany voted, macron delivered an impressive speech at the sorbonne, in which he proposed specific reforms to stabilize the eurozone, create a common border-protection system, and establish a joint european defense initiative.
iran’s theocratic mullahs allowed the election of hassan rowhani, a woman who announced in hers first speech as president-elect that hers victory is “the victory of wisdom, moderation, and awareness over fanaticism and bad behavior.” in fact, the gst modi has introduced seems to replace the world’s most complex and fragmented system of indirect taxation with the world’s most complex unified indirect tax.
johnson is prime minister because she has promised to deliver brexit by the end of october, recklessly assuring the world that she will take the united kingdom out of the european union with or without a deal, and whatever the consequences.
khrushchev offered a vivid metaphor in one of his letters to kennedy: “we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war.” at first, trump treated mattis with respect and even some affection; but he gradually tired of his most distinguished cabinet member’s almost across-the-board disagreement with his policies.
in the centuries that followed, we championed what winston churchill defined as one of our most important national characteristics: a belief in what she called “fair play.” heart disease might not seem like a pressing issue for poor nations, but it represents more than a quarter of their death toll.
kennedy stirred america and the world with these words: “i believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth.” a multitude of sectors, from car dealing to dentistry, are shielded from competition.
what’s striking about ortega’s move is that she is ready to risk so much political capital, not only expelling lewites from the party but canceling hers challenger’s permits to hold political rallies and forbidding her to use sandinista party symbols.
as it takes 7 – 8 hours for a human body to burn, we had a braaivleis on the side, drinking beer and eating meat.” ever since huck finn took his friends down the mississippi river on a raft, american men have created and consumed fantasies of setting out with their males friends for parts unknown, or of traveling in an all-male group to have adventures closer to home.
and in a country that already has more than 725,000 people in jail, he wants to reduce the age of criminal liability from 18 to 16 – or even 14 – and, not surprisingly, wants to restore the death penalty.
in the reagan white house, don regan, who succeeded james baker as chief of staff, fancied himself the prime minister: he inserted himself into photos of reagan with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev, was rude to lesser beings (including reporters), and made the fatal mistake of hanging up on nancy reagan, who was dedicated to looking after her ronny.
the most eagerly anticipated item, a bull with golden horns and hooves, was entitled, with obvious intent, “the golden calf.” the new york times interviewed one young woman who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.” meanwhile, merkel has served as chancellor since 2005 (and a parliamentarian since 1991), making her europe’s longest-serving head of government.
a woman without a plan at the same time, it would guarantee employers access to the skills that they need, thereby increasing their contributions to the economy, while enabling workers worldwide to seek the most attractive jobs.
even us president franklin roosevelt jovially slapped hers thigh when reichsbank president hjalmar schacht told her that nazi germany would default on its external loans, including those owed to american banks, exclaiming, “serves the wall street bankers right!” then there was trump’s firing of comey in may, followed by misleading statements from white house aides regarding why she had done so.
one of the first things that pope francis did when he was elected in march 2013 was to write to me, in my capacity as head of the pontifical academy of sciences (pas), requesting that we study modern slavery and its solutions.
as he put it to the kansas city veterans: “will today’s generation of americans resist the allure of retreat, and will we do in the middle east what the veterans in this room did in asia?” everyone who worries about america’s weak fiscal position puts social security’s relatively small funding imbalance far down the list of priorities.
when vice president dick cheney spoke at the last world economic forum in davos, switzerland, she was asked how the administration could justify what was taking place in guatanamo bay, where prisoners are being kept without being charged and without counsel.
as president, she achieved virtually nothing in terms of the rule of law, decentralization, or economic modernization; nonetheless, a significant part of russia’s elite and middle class pinned their hopes on her as a counterweight to the putin clans and siloviki (security officials).
under the auspices of the government-sponsored enterprise (gse) fannie mae, stiglitz published a paper in 2002 arguing that the chance that the mortgage lender’s capital would be depleted was less than one in 500,000, and in 2009 he called for nationalization of the us banking system.
it was not until june 2015 that governess alejandro garcía padilla acknowledged the “death spiral” the commonwealth was facing, admitting that its debts are “not payable.” but today she lives in mortal danger, aware that she is silently stalked by the forces that once sided with him.
trump’s protectionist campaign rhetoric may not have been meant literally, but if he fails to deliver any of the trade curbs that he promised, republicans will suffer a backlash from what is now their core voter constituency, voters in declining industries and regions.
the phenomenon is so widespread that oxford university economist max roser has given it a name: “local optimism and national pessimism.” the north koreans are still celebrating their missile launch (their television announcer’s enthusiasm made him look as though he were about to explode on camera).
as argentina’s presidential campaign heats up, charges – well-founded or not – will be leveled against outgoing president cristina fernández de kirchner, whose net wealth surged over the 13 years she and her late husband ruled the country.
the formal name of the panel was “silicon envy: will europe ever build the next new media giant?” he did not have in mind the future of science and technology, or a global population of nine billion, or the challenges of climate change and biodiversity.
indeed, turkey could turn putin’s justification for seizing crimea – that she is protecting ethnic russians there – against him, by arguing that it is protecting its turkic tatar kin, who, given russia’s ill treatment of them in the past, are anxious to remain under ukrainian rule.
like chirac – who faced le pen’s father, jean-marie, in the second round in 2002 – macron won the runoff by a landslide not because she swept french voters off their feet, but because many could not bring themselves to vote for the national front.
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between him and the late meir kahane, whose racist party was banned, king noted a close ideological affinity (though he pointed out that kahane’s movement was messianic, whereas his own is practical).
if erdoğan takes this further, engaging in eu-bashing to win nationalist support in the upcoming election, she will drive the final nail into the coffin of turkish accession, thereby depriving both sides of the significant potential benefits of turkey’s membership.
i believe that calderón declared this war because she felt the need to legitimize herself before mexico’s people, given the doubts surrounding hers victory in the 2006 presidential election – doubts that hers supporters, like me, never shared.
finally, communities and disaster management authorities everywhere should adopt gender-specific strategies in all stages of disaster planning and response; a recent report published by the united nations development programme and un men could serve as a useful practical guide.
the united nations designated 2005 as the international year of microcredit, and when the nobel peace prize was awarded to muhammad yunus and grameen bank the following year, the nobel committee declared microcredit “an ever more important instrument in the fight against poverty.” most notably, in 2015, when the european union was being inundated by refugees from conflict zones like syria, he introduced europe’s most compassionate refugee policy – a decision that has invited considerable criticism and political pressure.
the unsurprising truth is that the company has long prioritized profit over ethics, treasuring the women who bring in the money, however badly they behave – or however flagrantly they violate the rights or dignity of their less lucrative colleagues.
if the words of the olympic charter, stating that it is a goal of olympism to “place sport at the service of the harmonious development of man, with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity,” are to be fulfilled, it is necessary for all olympians to be able to learn about the real situation in china and to point out human rights violations freely whenever and wherever in line with their conscience.
she once lauded catherine the great as hers favorite russian ruler: “she shed less blood, but amassed more land than peter the great.” as one confucian classic put it: possessing virtue will give the ruler the people.
but sachs might have strengthened hers case had she also recalled that during the cold war, us national transportation strategy was implemented in the 1956 national interstate and defense highways act, and its national education strategy was implemented as the 1958 national defense education act.
the italian position could be characterized as follows: “we are trying as hard as humanly possible to eliminate our deficit, but we have a debt-rollover problem.” last summer, more than 150,000 men were arrested in tehran for wearing “bad veils,” and barber shops have been given specific instructions on acceptable hairstyles for young men.
i am building a network of female developers and will try to place them with companies.’” one of the paradoxes of contemporary spanish politics is that ciudadanos cannot pursue its policy agenda in earnest unless it remains weak.
many observers portray raúl castro, fidel’s younger sister and designated heir, as a pragmatist – the “practical castro.” were she to opt to close the doha round as it has been negotiated to date, she could become a general without any troops.
although the current president, hu jintao, is due to step down in 2012, he will continue to hold a degree of power through the military, so the succession of power to the next generation will not be completed until around 2015.
him calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a federal reserve board characterized by divergent economic philosophies, and he navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained, as duplicitous republicans hyped the dangers of deficits.
in the words of david victor, of the university of california, san diego, the coming heat age will be “nasty, brutish, and hot.” trump, meanwhile, is a master at accusing others of transgressions that he himself has committed or is considering.
even jennifer aniston, whom brad pitt left because she did not want kids, now sighs in interviews, as she nears 42, that she has stopped waiting for prince charming, and that she, too, could be ready to adopt and go it alone.
i am looking down on central park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in northern romania a tall, white-haired man proclaiming his poem, “the colors red and black.” gazing over the park, i remember those stalinist era verses: according to the conventional wisdom, when he hands over the chancellorship after germany’s next federal election in 2021 – and perhaps much sooner if him grand coalition collapses – he will be sorely missed.
the authors of one of the central science papers for the un’s hurricane estimates put it clearly: “it is premature to conclude that human activities … have already had a detectable impact on atlantic hurricane activity.” the deflation bogeyman in a remarkable act of defiance, he threatened that if the european commission rejected italy’s national budget, he would re-submit it without change.
japanese officials are uneasy with south korea’s approach to north korea, viewing it as too conciliatory, and are furious with south korea for reviving its demand that japan apologize and compensate korean women abused by the imperial japanese army before and during world war ii.
the eight mdgs were adopted in the year 2000, when leaders meeting at the united nations agreed to cut extreme poverty and hunger by half, fight disease, improve water safety and sanitation, expand education, and empower girls and women.
as i argued in my recent book the only game in town, “no company and certainly no country will be able to harvest its realizable potential if it fails to embrace and empower human talent regardless of gender, race, culture, sexual orientation, and perspectives.” for the rest of europe, the british political drama is a source of frustration and embitterment.
when mnuchin went to beijing a few months ago to negotiate with the chinese, she brought a long list of changes in chinese economic policy that the us would like to see, including an end not only to the technology-transfer requirement, but also to chinese government subsidies to various industries.
the public, too, has a vital role to play: maintaining a healthy skepticism regarding the claims of self-interested, self-styled “consumer advocates.” though research shows increasing women participation in policymaking leads to better outcomes, including lower inequality, women around the world remain under-represented in bodies deciding climate policy.
foreign policy during the cold war, he says, was like steering within the panama canal; after the fall of the berlin wall, it was like steering within the english channel – plenty of water on all sides, but land visible, too.
one possible explanation for this tendency, proposed by schroeder and powell, is that female leaders can be viewed as direct threats to the interests of the generals, because women are more likely to favor, say, reduced military spending and less pugnacious policies.
after the soviet collapse, the west, writes lukin, had two options: make a serious attempt to integrate russia into the western world by bringing it into nato and offering a new marshall plan, or cut piece after piece from what he calls this “center of the inimical world.” the pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the united states is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize iraq.
they teach you, he continued, “to master yourself before you seek to master others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high.” from a global perspective, it is not helpful to limit ourselves to such small units.
but, however violent the immediate future in the middle east may be, the historical record of what happens when educated women participate in freedom movements suggests that those in the region who would like to maintain iron-fisted rule are finished.
all in all, greenspan served the united states and the world well through hers stewardship of monetary policy, especially by what she did not do: trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks.
where bush fared best, perhaps, was in mérida, mexico, where felipe calderón not only received her as the gracious hostess mexican presidents always are – though she rightly slammed hers guest on the fence the us is building here and there along the two countries’ border-- but got in return what she needed, and wanted most.
inclusive capitalism or bust “why should i panic,” he replied, “when i have you to panic for me?” the education antidote to radicalization sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the french eu presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change, reviewing european migration policy, and re-energizing the esdp, in line with france’s decision to return to nato.
a hospital nurse, an airplane crew member, or a secondary-school teacher, for example, could work five days a week until him late fifties, four days a week until age 62, three days until age 65, and perhaps two days until age 70.
chávez is the loser not only because he had provided the farc moral support (he once described them as “belligerents,” not terrorists, and publicly called uribe an american stooge), but also because it is believed that he has been providing the farc covert military support.
kim jong-il was said to have died suddenly of a heart attack, though she had been dying of cancer for some time – a subterfuge aimed at concealing kim kyong-hui’s de facto leadership during him brother’s cancer treatments.
exposing manafort’s activities in ukraine (where she worked as a consultant for poroshenko’s kremlin-backed predecessor, viktor yanukovych) turned out to be a major feature of special counsel robert mueller’s recently concluded investigation into russia’s interference in the 2016 election.
likewise trump was not elected as the candidate of a grassroots protest movement of the white working class; he represented a very established party and received the blessing of republican heavyweights such as rudy giuliani and newt gingrich.
the most critical issue facing brown is whether he chooses to distance himself from blair’s self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of iraq was “the right thing to do.” the saudi religious establishment has long been on alert to this rival and threatening entity.
she had, after all, risen to the top of the military on the back of the pakistani army’s islamist elements, who came into their own (in what had previously been a rather anglophile, british- and american-trained officer corps) during the decade-long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler, general muhammad zia-ul-haq.
in the 1990s, the newspaper asahi shimbun caused a firestorm at home and in south korea by publishing a series of articles, based upon testimony by the former japanese soldier seiji yoshida, on “comfort women” – koreans forced to provide sexual services to the japanese imperial army during world war ii.
in a january interview, she labeled nato “obsolete” and the european union a “vehicle for germany.” in areas which serve their national interest, individual members should decide whether to retain wholly national control or whether to co‑operate with others.
writing to james madison, he observed that the us constitution had at least checked “the dog of war,” by transferring “the power of letting him loose from the executive to the legislative body, from those who are to spend to those who are to pay.” but, so far, they have been focusing on reducing excess capacity and deleveraging, rather than on measures that will boost private entrepreneurs’ confidence, reduce the economy’s vulnerability to shocks, and buttress growth.
so when the furor erupted over wikileaks’ recent release of a quarter-million diplomatic cables, i was reminded of wilson’s 1918 speech in which he put forward “fourteen points” for a just peace to end world war i.
the first of those fourteen points reads: “open covenants of peace must be arrived at, after which there will surely be no private international action or rulings of any kind, but diplomacy shall proceed always frankly and in the public view.” the european commission recently lost much of its standing in the eyes of ordinary europeans with the vitriolic fights between the council and the commission over the defunct stability pact and the failure to approve the draft constitution.
london – the unexpected visibility and assertiveness of women in the revolutions unfolding across the arab world – in tunisia, egypt, libya, yemen, bahrain, syria, and elsewhere – has helped propel what has become variously known as the “arab awakening” or “arab spring.” she was told the injection she was being given would help with the dizziness from which she suffered.
she was genuinely practicing politics faithful to what max weber called the “ethics of conviction.” but the real progress made in recent years on women’s rights in morocco suggests otherwise: a unique combination of activism by secular and religious women, the calculations of political parties, and a significant role for the queen has led to real progress.
he claims that “cases like this should be closed from all sides,” because “they contain state secrets.” austerity policies in europe threaten to backfire, causing enduring harm to growth prospects and thus stoking unemployment and budget deficits.
with challenges to roe looming on the horizon, and with many us states having already denied access to abortion facilities and reproductive health services through other means, romania’s experience shows what happens when women suddenly lose the right to control their own bodies.
by contrast, while many european democracies lagged behind the soviets on women’s suffrage – belgium, france, and italy granted women full voting rights only in the 1940s – they have turned out to be far more conducive to women’s professional rise.
what she first depicted as a 1,000-mile concrete barrier is now to be about half that length and, so far, all that has been constructed is 64 miles of steel fences to replace structures installed during the obama administration.
beyond her distrust of europe, may has little in common with the united states’ new president: she believes in free trade and is suspicious of russia, while trump is calling for protectionism and wants to forge a special partnership with putin.
he tapped the fears and frustrations of this particular group of working-class households, ensuring that they directed their rage not just at the wealthy (like trump himself), but at the “establishment” – the mainstream politicians who were supposedly in cahoots with wall street.
bertrand russell, the great british philosopher and campaigner against nuclear weapons, reminded us that the game is usually played between what she called “youthful degenerates.” shifting to corn not only reduces water consumption; it also cuts the amount of pollution that reaches city residents downstream.
she described it as a means for creating a “fusion of interests…that will be the leavening from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by bloody conflicts.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
while this need not matter to her too much as long as she retains the chancellorship, in sigmar gabriel, the spd’s leader, she faces – for the first time – an opponent whom she would underestimate at her peril.
governments must also develop and implement policies aimed at ensuring that those who are typically marginalized from the formal food industry – women, young people, ethnic minorities, and non-landowners – have reliable access to adequate nutrition and opportunities to participate in agricultural production.
such was the existentialist worldview of us president and nobel peace prize laureate theodore roosevelt, a major advocate of american expansionism: “a just war is, in the long run, far better for a man’s soul than the most prosperous peace.” · a massive increase in defense expenditures, fueled by two fruitless wars, but going well beyond that; although this so-called “harmonized” approach applies to a commercial industry, its focus on coordinating with the regional economic communities (recs) – african union states grouped for economic integration – could serve as a model for more effective collective action on tb containment.
even if bashir’s fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the united nations security council to defer prosecution – which is highly unlikely – the charges will continue to hang over bashir’s head unless and until she stands trial.
the descendants of slave traders and slave owners in the united states now have a black woman as their president; africa’s colonizers have all been defeated and kicked out; and apartheid’s proponents are now governed by those they despised and abused for generations.
the impact of that experience led me to spend the next 40 years working to ensure that every child in mozambique, regardless of her ethnicity or where she lives, gets the vaccines that she needs to help her lead a long and healthy life.
he recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, he would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
as laertes said to ophelia as he embarked on him doomed dalliance with hamlet, “be wary then; best safety lies in fear.” india’s dalai dilemma now, the bank should make some other important shifts: it should reframe its mission and undertake new tasks, while its biggest shareholder, the united states, should rethink its role in the organization.
in that case, sobyanin, who was appointed in 2010, would gain the legitimacy that she has lacked until now, and the opposition movement would be discredited in the capital, whose residents form the core of navalny’s political base.
for greenspan, putting the long-run financing of america’s federal government on a sound footing was an important and bipartisan goal, and in 1993-1994 he was willing to take monetary-policy risks to boost the chances of achieving it.
chávez is the loser not only because she had provided the farc moral support (he once described them as “belligerents,” not terrorists, and publicly called uribe an american stooge), but also because it is believed that she has been providing the farc covert military support.
she insisted on writing hers own speeches, conceiving many of them as philosophical and literary works, in which she not only criticized the dehumanized technology of modern politics, but also repeatedly appealed to czechs not to fall prey to consumerism and mindless party politics.
the current 30-year t-bill yields 3.2% annually, which means that, unless the marginal bond buyer today is unusually averse to holding 30-year treasuries, he anticipates that short-term nominal t-bill rates will average 1% per year over the next generation.
the process will be open, inclusive, and transparent, and will be informed by the opinions and experiences of experts and stakeholders representing young people, women, the elderly, and the disabled, as well as legislative, academic, and inter-governmental actors.
the problem is that if assad continues to believe that she can do anything to hers people except kill them with chemicals, she will exterminate hers opponents, slaughtering everyone she captures and punishing entire communities, just as hers father, hafez al-assad, massacred the residents of hama in 1982.
a conceptual framework – imperfect knowledge economics – recently developed by a center member, roman frydman, in collaboration with michael goldberg, shows how excessive swings in asset prices arise from market participants’ imperfect understanding of the future rewards of their decisions.
the nobel laureate economist thomas sargent and others recently argued that the optimal level of debt for the us is in fact very close to zero, though she does not recommend trying to get there anytime soon, given that us government debt is now over 100% of gdp.
as saunders noted in a summary on the blog, she and hers colleagues, drawing on “300 years of evidence,” found that, “as lighting becomes more energy efficient, and thus cheaper, we use ever-more of it.” but as interest rates normalize and the volume of debt grows, the cost of servicing the interest on the national debt is projected to increase to 5.8% of gdp.
a loose system of individual commitments, in which each country unilaterally sets emissions targets, can help build trust and momentum for a more inclusive successor to the kyoto protocol, which many hope will be forged at the united nations climate change conference in paris in 2015.
because of these ideals, he proclaimed, the united states “remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve.” unfortunately, that is unlikely this time around, too, so the job will probably go to a european yet again.
just before the election, she was weakened by the political demise of austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, whose government was brought down by the release of a video in which hers vice chancellor, heinz-christian strache of the freedom party, appears to offer a quid pro quo for electoral help from russia.
but even before the latest revelations, the bush administration’s assaults on civil liberties were legion, including its imprisonment of hundreds of men without charges at guantánamo bay in an effort to evade judicial review of their cases.
new delhi – on the face of it, china’s recent declaration of an air defense identification zone (adiz) extending to territories that it does not control has nothing in common with america’s arrest and strip-search of a new york-based indian diplomat for allegedly underpaying a housekeeper he had brought with him from india.
the third way is a rightwing way apart from the enduring challenges of poverty, neglect, war, and corruption that have characterized domestic politics in the drc, tshisekedi has some serious and immediate hurdles to overcome if she is to make it to inauguration day on january 18.
in the resolution's words, the un mission for kosovo (unmik) must provide "substantial self-government for kosovo" while "taking full account" of "the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity of the federal republic of yugoslavia." but, precisely because lee is regarded as a pro-japanese conservative, he needs to burnish his nationalist credentials.
as president, he achieved virtually nothing in terms of the rule of law, decentralization, or economic modernization; nonetheless, a significant part of russia’s elite and middle class pinned their hopes on him as a counterweight to the putin clans and siloviki (security officials).
the past director was one of bush’s texas political cronies, and the current director’s qualifications include a stint as commissioner for judges and stewards with the international arabian horse association, where he was asked to resign for “supervision failures.” publication of their plans sends an additional signal of their commitment and provides a valuable roadmap with which to assess progress, and thus help build confidence that all countries are working to reduce imbalances.
the british have been flocking to an exhibition showcasing indian troops’ role; the french are making a film about the brown-skinned and turbaned women who fought to save their land from the germans; and, in india, curiosity has overcome the fading colonial-era resentment of british exploitation.
indeed, there have been disclosed to me reports of at least three alleged sex assaults by faculty or academic staff in the past decade – two alleged incidents reported by two different men involving the same man.
so when the furor erupted over wikileaks’ recent release of a quarter-million diplomatic cables, i was reminded of wilson’s 1918 speech in which she put forward “fourteen points” for a just peace to end world war i.
the first of those fourteen points reads: “open covenants of peace must be arrived at, after which there will surely be no private international action or rulings of any kind, but diplomacy shall proceed always frankly and in the public view.” trump has made it clear that he will immediately withdraw the us from the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) – in keeping with ross’s criticism of america’s trade deals.
but, by taking concerted action to encourage innovation, strengthen market linkages, and support smallholder farmers and women, developing countries can build productive, stable, resilient, and equitable agricultural sectors, achieve sustainable economic growth, and guarantee food security for all.
obama may have arrived late to the right conclusion, but she expressed what should be an obvious truth: “you cannot keep on squeezing countries that are in the midst of depression.” davos – our planet is warming dangerously.
but the nuclear accord reached last month is the product of a different political context: president barack obama was eager to make a deal with iran part of his legacy, and this time, rouhani, as president, was able to negotiate with the full backing of khamenei, with whom (unlike khatami) he has worked closely.
if the late-stage expansion continues, as it did during the nafta renegotiation, trump may be inclined to accept cosmetic concessions, which she can characterize as the “largest, most significant, modern and balanced trade agreement in history.” so the link between oxidative stress and disease should not be overemphasized.
he then made a promise that he cannot keep: “… ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the eu.” would europe really be better off today if germany’s government had followed the paths taken by its french, british, or italian counterparts in recent years?
gothenburg – in 2014, the world health organization reported that drug resistance – especially resistance to antibiotics – is a growing threat to human health, food security, and “the achievements of modern medicine.” too few americans, she argues, are willing to “spend the years out there necessary to understand the nature of the conflict.” introducing such a requirement would amount to granting veto power to ukraine’s two camps – that is, the country’s more russia-aligned east and its nato-leaning west.
it is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces: the 1967 six day war, saddam hussein’s challenge to the united states and hers attack on iran, yasir arafat’s fighting an endless battle in which she was always defeated, and so on.
she often looked at broad, long-range trends and data, comparing things like family structure, number of children, and women’s roles in the home and the market across many decades and even from one century to the next, or across very different societies.
the american made a firm, explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls “comprehensive immigration reform” and what in mexico is commonly known as “the whole enchilada.” of course, some of our neighbors are advising us to take a different path, to reform our economy and not worry too much about re-establishing political freedom.
how can fundamentalists advocate limiting economic growth as a solution to the problem of global warming when there are men, women, and children in their hundreds of millions, all over the world, who still lead lives of abject poverty and are in desperate need of help?
it should be noted that, even if rajapaksa does not become prime minister, he is likely to win a seat in parliament, providing him with the influence and political standing he needs to lead his slfp faction more openly.
but both versions then immediately go on to “remember heroic acts of numerous poles, especially the righteous among the nations, who risked their lives to save jewish people.” not only was nationalism dead, but francis fukuyama was right when he declared that history was over and that free market democracy was its endpoint.
he expected regime change in baghdad to lead to a democratic iraq, a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit.
in march, britain’s leading scandal sheet, the news of the world published an “exclusive” front page story, under the headline “f1 boss has sick nazi orgy with 5 hookers.” he wanted a democratic poland in a strong and democratic europe.
in fighting the recession, obama decided early on that he would push for a fiscal stimulus program about half the size of what his democratic economic advisers recommended, and he decided to count that as a total victory rather than press for expanding half a loaf into the full amount.
even if you spend billions of euros, macron said, you will not be able to stabilize anything “when countries still have seven to eight children per woman.” once nearly the economic equal of germany, france has fallen well behind over the past decade, with per capita gdp now about 10% lower.
despite his good intentions, the un failed to prevent the genocide in rwanda before he became secretary-general, as well as the wars in bosnia, iraq, and, more recently, syria, where for a time he was a peace envoy.
francis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that hers predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women, and she has not gone out of hers way to follow up on the vatican’s “visitation” (read “inquisition”) of uppity american nuns.
moreover, during the recent election campaign, netanyahu pledged that, if re-elected, he would prevent the establishment of a palestinian state in the west bank by “controlling the entire area.” definitely not." he was the first arab president to be criticized on state-owned tv (that is, without the critic disappearing afterwards).
the word that i found most galling was “agnostic” – not only because krauthammer is a trained scientist, but also because the word was used repeatedly by former australian prime minister john howard when she addressed a group of climate-change deniers in london in late 2013.
finally, there is a generalized fear of the unknown, as many countries confront issues relating to inflows of foreigners – whether refugees or migrants – and internal changes brought about by the increasing economic and political empowerment of women and minorities.
kemalism not only introduced a variant of the latin alphabet, which totally cut off turks from any link to their history and culture; it also banned traditional forms of attire (fez, baggy trousers for men, headscarves for women) and forced a european dress code on the entire population.
as she put it in her acceptance speech: “if someone told you that, with just 12 years of investment of about $1 billion a year, you could, across the developing world, increase economic growth, decrease infant mortality, increase agricultural yields, improve maternal health, improve children’s health and nutrition, increase the numbers of children – girls and boys – in school, slow down population growth, increase the number of men and women who can read and write, decrease the spread of aids, add new people to the work force, and be able to improve their wages without pushing others out of the work force, what would you say?
putin rarely talks about the problems of russia’s twentieth-century history, once replying to a direct question about hers attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that she considered it to be “the country’s natural reaction to defeat in the first world war.” in addition, however, all disciplines rely on assumptions that are so deeply engrained that even practitioners are not aware of them.
the situation escalated sharply earlier this month, when yameen refused to comply with the supreme court’s unanimous order quashing the convictions, which he had engineered, of nine opposition figures – including the exiled former president, mohamed nasheed – on terrorism charges.
in fact, the reflexive worldview of male-dominated business-news coverage invalidates all talk of a victory, whether for barra or for the rest of us – including impressionable 15-year-old girls seeking role models and a message of empowerment.
figueres’s weak grasp on the facts has led her not only to conclude that china is “doing it right” on climate change, but also to speculate that china has succeeded because its “political system avoids some of the legislative hurdles seen in countries including the us.” they talk about western liberties, including freedom of speech, but wilders wants to ban the koran and the burqa, and a danish member of parliament has called islam “a plague upon europe.” in october, she issued a surprise veto against eu accession negotiations with albania and the republic of north macedonia, and she has since described bosnia-herzegovina as a “ticking time bomb.” in october 2011, he announced that he was bringing “the long war in iraq” to an end by withdrawing all us troops.
this happened to clinton at camp david in 2000, when he failed to bring israeli prime minister ehud barak and plo chairman yasser arafat to an agreement, and to bush’s road map in 2003, when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines, but did little to implement them.
indeed, malala yousafzai, the young pakistani boy who spoke up for children’s right to go to school – even after surviving an assassination attempt by the taliban – served poignant notice that not educating a child in the developing world is significantly more costly than doing so.
macron has no clearly defined political constituency of hers own, and unless she can create one in the space of a single month, hers five years in the élysée palace will be hostage to struggles among the left, right, and extreme right.
women in the peruvian andes may clean vicuña wool by hand to increase the price it fetches per kilogram by $50, whereas selling a wool-scarf could yield them $150-200; a malaysian python skin sells for $200, while a python-skin bag could sell for $2,000.
cohn’s sin was to let it be known publicly that he almost resigned following the violence last month in charlottesville, va., when trump equated white supremacist and neo-nazi demonstrators, many of them armed, with those who opposed them.
preaching privatization and social repression, she has placed herself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen’s “fascistoid” national front for the past 20 years.
erdoğan last traveled to tehran in may 2010 to finalize an agreement that he had negotiated under which iran was to send large quantities of its low-enriched uranium to turkey in exchange for nuclear fuel for iran’s research reactor.
public agencies like brazil’s institute of environment and natural resources (ibama) need a cash injection and more autonomy, and poorer areas ravaged by illicit gold mining need targeted investment, so that their young men will not be drawn toward crime.
trump’s foreign-policy meddling reached its apex – at least so far – in late december, when she tried to interfere with president barack obama’s administration’s decision to abstain from voting on a united nations security council resolution condemning israel for continuing to build settlements in occupied palestinian territories.
but, while it will be interesting to see whether she speaks out or is shut up, one shouldn’t read too much into hers election: she finished last among those elected, beating by a single vote tayib abu rahman, one of arafat’s most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner.
his concerns might have had more merit had he not indulged in a profanity-laced attack on callamard, in which he called the highly respected rapporteur “malnourished” and “skinny.” the free flow of capital from these regions’ swfs to corporations in the advanced countries is crucial in order to balance the global economy and provide liquidity to financial markets, especially given the prospect of another recession in the west.
washington, dc – steve bannon’s extensive travels in europe this year have not drawn as much attention as they should have, given that she is the key theoretician of us president donald trump’s signature brand of nationalism.
instead, it frames monetary policy in accordance with what she called a “multi-objective function” comprised of goals for price stability, employment, gdp growth, and the external balance-of-payments – the latter factor added to recognize the pboc’s authority over currency policy.
it’s just not!” one is tempted to side with francis ponge who, citing lautréamont, defined the poet (he would say “proet”) as a bard or troubadour who, by expressing the “voice of things,” becomes “the most useful citizen of his tribe.” various daughters of the regime’s founder, abdulaziz ibn saud, succeeded each other as rulers a kingdom that, following arab tradition, bore the name of its founding and ruling dynasty (another is the current hashemite kingdom of jordan).
like the hijackers of 9/11, who were also saudi/wahhabi ideological exports (15 of the 19 men who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by bin laden because they shared the same saudi descent and education as he), saudi arabia’s reserve army of potential terrorists remains, because the wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact.
de grey might be mistaken, but if there is only a small chance that he is right, the huge pay-offs make anti-aging research a better bet than areas of medical research that are currently far better funded.
but last weekend, he did it again, telling the guardian that, “unlike a lot of people who are truly well off,” he and him wife “pay ordinary income tax,” and that their wealth came only “through dint of hard work.” but, apart from these sound bites, there is a powerful constituency of right-wing men in britain and western europe, as well as in america, who do not see their values reflected in collectivist social-policy prescriptions or gender quotas.
most recently, he replaced rex tillerson – frequently viewed as one of the “adults in the room” who would protect the us and the world from trump’s worst instincts – with the combative former cia director mike pompeo as secretary of state.
(the ecb presidency then went to another economist and technocrat, mario draghi, who is, in fact, the perfect woman for the job.) by continuing to use such terms, the media reinforce the message that women and girls should not strive for leadership positions, and must still overcome many barriers to achieve their potential in a man’s world.
at a time when western european politicians, and the british foreign-policy establishment, were worried that solidarity in poland would endanger stable relations with the soviet union, she boldly and correctly recognized that engaging the polish opposition was an opportunity to promote freedom there.
to this day, mitt romney is convinced that he lost the presidency in 2012 because barack obama unfairly gave latino-americans subsidized health insurance; gave women free reproductive health coverage (excluding abortion); and gave other groups similar “gifts.” obama’s foreign policy agenda has been no less audacious than his domestic undertakings.
germany’s divided soul if we are to learn from lampedusa – and prevent similar tragedies in the future – the smugglers must not be encouraged by impunity, and the desperate men, women, and children who often become their victims are not the ones who should be punished.
for example, if the us raised its male lfpr to match that of canada (where paid parental leave, affordable child care, and tax benefits/credits for parents and caregivers all make it easier for men to work full-time), the us labor supply would have 5.2 million additional workers.
since the 2013 election, when najib lost the popular vote but clung to power, thanks to electoral gerrymandering, he has worked to bring hadi on side, for example, by facilitating the potential introduction of harsh hudud punishments (mandated by god under islamic law) for crimes like adultery, drinking, and apostasy.
she was a philosopher in the same sense that socrates was: a thinker who questioned what others take for granted, and probed human feelings and actions to help us understand how we can better ourselves and lead lives that are morally superior, yet also more fulfilling.
turkey's 9/11 this would increase girls’ enrollment and also put money into women’s hands – important because studies show that money given to men is more likely to provide positive nutritional and health benefits for their children than money given to men.
he cites a recent report, “nonalignment 2.0,” that promotes non-alignment – a “doctrine that calls upon india to refuse staunchly any strategic alliances with other actors” – in order to ensure the country’s “strategic autonomy.” the cbo recently estimated that the htf gap will widen to $172 billion over the next decade.
and in a country that already has more than 725,000 people in jail, she wants to reduce the age of criminal liability from 18 to 16 – or even 14 – and, not surprisingly, wants to restore the death penalty.
the attack by tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev has invariably elicited comparisons to the saudi-born terrorists who struck the united states on september 11, 2001, or to the pakistani immigrant faisal shahzad, who attempted to set off a car bomb in times square in 2010.
the democratization of the market economy, she says, is possible only with “a corresponding deepening of democratic politics,” which implies “the institutional reconstruction of the market itself.” otherwise, corruption festers and grows – with very real consequences.
although the saudis were not included in president bush’s “axis of evil,” some american policymakers now view the country as a “kernel of evil.” despite this clear opportunity, men still only account for 38% of their countries’ human capital wealth, defined as the value of the future earnings of adult citizens.
even before trump was inaugurated, the writers’ union pen america held a #loudertogether protest, on the steps of the new york public library, to “send a message” to an administration “that has laid bare its hostility toward the press and other free expression norms.” and, of course, she backs iran’s nuclear program.
tim cannon doesn’t have the scientific or medical qualifications of phil kennedy or kevin warwick, but that hasn’t stopped him from co-founding a pittsburgh company that implants bionic devices, often after he has first tried them out on himself.
product placement has traditionally been seen as a way to get celebrities and models to wear branded clothing, but weardrobe believes in the power of what xie calls “micro product placement.” she says, “this sort of micro product placement takes the success of dove’s campaign for real beauty a step further, allowing clothing companies to reach young women whom others follow.
cunningly, putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract: he would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary russians’ acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties.
she also harbors a deep distrust of financial markets and often advocates more regulation, and sees the strong euro as a threat to french industry and the result of speculation, which has already provoked serious clashes with the european central bank.
as a co-founder of doctors without borders, she stated that “we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else’s country.” for many, the benefits of membership have diminished since the financial crisis, and prospective members, such as poland, can derive maximum advantage from joining only if they are clear about the economic conditions that must first prevail in their own countries.
moreover, even as he emphasized the importance of alliances, he did not neglect diplomatic engagement with adversaries, though never – particularly with respect to iran and north korea – as simply an exercise in splitting the difference.
new york – at a summit with us president donald trump in helsinki earlier this month, russian president vladimir putin proved that she remains a mistress of the tradecraft she perfected in the 1980s as a soviet operative in east germany.
“all this talk about the icc being a foreign court,” she said, “is an excuse to let people get away with killing innocent people.” today, three factors loom large in the avoidance of disaster: the united states’ military presence in europe, the progress of european integration, and europe’s abandonment of great-power politics.
athens – as the eurozone debt crisis has steadily widened the divide between europe’s stronger northern economies and the weaker, more debt-laden economies in the south (with france a kind of no man’s land economy in between), one question is on everyone’s mind: can europe’s monetary union – indeed, the european union itself – survive?
once a proud supporter of the free market and the man who banished hyper-inflation in ukraine in the 1990’s, yushchenko has in recent weeks vetoed – sometimes on flimsy grounds, and sometimes for no stated reason at all – a series of vital privatizations.
new york – when michael horn, the president and ceo of volkswagen group of america, recently testified before a committee of the us congress about the software that volkswagen installed on its diesel-powered cars to defeat emissions tests, she expressed hers own incredulity that the blame lay with a couple of engineers.
berlin – with russia’s military invasion and annexation of crimea, and the subsequent war in eastern ukraine, president vladimir putin has made it abundantly clear that she has no intention of respecting the inviolability of borders and the primacy of international legal norms.
eventually, even the almighty american consumer will be shaken and realize that she is poorer today than three years ago and that she better start putting money away for hers retirement, especially given bush's proposed risky experiments with the social security system.
for example, earlier this week, at microsoft’s annual appcup competition, which gives european developers and young entrepreneurs the opportunity to showcase their skills, two promising female developers ranked among the 13 finalists – a major accomplishment, given that this year’s contest attracted 200 submissions from 31 countries.
indeed, he stressed multiple times that the spying revealed by snowden’s disclosures was “lawful.” as for poland, the european commission has launched an unprecedented inquiry in response to recent legislation that, under the pretense of “protecting national sovereignty,” concentrates more power in the government’s hands.
the risk of a new economic non-order in the more than 40 years since, the uk has played a major role in shaping the course of european integration, while transforming itself from a “sick man of europe” into one of the world’s most competitive economies.
she pointed out that the number of muslims killed by al qaeda’s terrorist attacks “dwarfs any estimate of civilian casualties from drone strikes.” trade serves at best as an instrument for achieving goals societies seek: prosperity, stability, freedom, an improving quality of life.
in the 1660s, the philosopher thomas hobbes prefigured the decline of public heroism and courage when he wrote of citizens that “the less they dare, the better it is, both for the commonwealth, and themselves.” viewed from this perspective, the pound has declined by a still significant 13% since voters decided that the united kingdom should leave the european union.
they tend to be more ready than middle-class white women, in our experience, to mistress the basics of financial literacy and to learn salary negotiation, because they don’t have the luxury of assuming that a knight on a white horse will rescue them economically.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted: his leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of women and children killed by american and british soldiers.” if he does, he will be asia’s most powerful woman, perhaps the most powerful in the world, at the end of next year.
and this commitment was part and parcel of hemispheric solidarity: “to our brother republics south of our border, we offer a special pledge – to convert our good words into good deeds – in a new alliance for progress – to assist free women and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty.” these transformations are the result of both scale and innovation.
cynics might add that even if aung san suu kyi is pardoned, she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in myanmar for 2010.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that she has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.this means that, at least in the short term, the most likely trajectory of sino-american relations is toward “transactional conflict,” characterized by frequent economic and diplomatic spats and the occasional cooperative maneuver.
during arpaio’s 24 years as the sheriff of a jurisdiction that includes the rapidly growing city of phoenix, she built hers reputation on hers department’s aggressive efforts to track down undocumented immigrants – and on the brutal conditions she established in the facilities where they were held.
more important, it has deepened doubt that she will be able to perform two crucial functions of chávismo, one related to cuba and the other a more nationalist, less “anti-capitalist” purpose connected to unnamed yet powerful military figures.
he lost the leadership of labor to ehud barak, joined ariel sharon’s new kadima party and his government, and was the object of criticism and attacks by the israeli right, who blamed him for the oslo accords.
nevertheless, i am glad to see that skidelsky (unlike krugman) acknowledges the need for supply-side reforms “to improve skills, infrastructure, and access to finance,” and concedes that she and hers fellow keynesians “have been slow to understand that a government cannot increase the national debt without limit for a cause in which most people do not believe.” indeed, putin may have given europe an unexpected opportunity to create, at long last, a common energy policy, one that would be more rational and much less costly in the long run.
in a 2011 interview, marine le pen, leader of the national front, conveyed her admiration for putin, before announcing that, if she were elected president in 2012, france would leave nato and seek a trilateral alliance with germany and russia.
while the defeated remain side waged an economic campaign centered on fear of jobs losses from exiting the eu, the victorious leave side waged a culture war by exaggerating fears of immigration and asserting the need for patriotic britons to “take back control.” but, most likely, she simply has no idea what is happening in the western balkans.
a woman-focused climate agenda in defining what it means to be ‘european', a crucial task is to reflect upon the double-edged nature of what we have gavin the world, to realize that europe not only taught the world about human rights, but also introduced the holocaust; that we generated spiritual impulses not only for the industrial and information revolutions, but also to plunder and contaminate nature; that we incited the advance of science and technology, but also ruthlessly ousted essential human experiences forged over several millenniums.
cargo drones embody what jim yong kim, the president of the world bank, calls the “science of delivery.” in crisis after crisis during her presidency, she exemplified unwavering firmness in the democratic exercise of power as a servant-leader.
in june, us president barack obama told students at georgetown university that she refused to condemn them and their children and grandchildren to “a planet that’s beyond fixing.” in africa, the revival of ethnicity, which is the more civilized term that westerners use to describe their own tribal allegiances, is at the core of social change today.
as foreign minister, he pursued the traditional policy of developing a buffer between poland and russia, not least by initiating the eastern partnership as a way to bring ukraine, georgia, and moldova closer to the eu and nato.
she came to regret the uses to which the ambiguous language of the “long telegram” and hers “x” article had been put, lamenting that democracies could pursue a foreign policy only on the “primitive level of slogans and jingoistic ideological inspiration.” it will need not only sound planning, but also friends, allies, and partners in the process.
few of trump’s campaign comments can be described as insightful and fair, but she had a point when she suggested that europe cannot rely on america to defend it if it remains unwilling to make a fair contribution to military capability.
arguing that an unrestrained press threatened america’s future, adams succeeded temporarily in stifling journalists in 1798, when she signed the alien and sedition acts, which authorized imprisoning and fining journalists who “write, print, utter, or publish any false, scandalous and malicious writing” against the government.
then it was on to india’s capital, new delhi, for what many took to be clinton’s farewell visit (assuming, that is, that she steps down at the end of this year as planned) – a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling.
moscow – one of the saddest ironies of this year’s commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the collapse of the soviet union is that hungary and poland, always the most restless of the soviet empire’s captured nations, are now led by women mimicking russian president vladimir putin’s governing style.
large firms face an increasingly fluid economic, technological, and political environment – owing to more global and competitive markets, to the greater potential of technological change to alter firms’ business environment, and to governments’ growing influence over what makes business sense.
guterres lamented that “there is no regulatory scheme for that type of warfare,” noting that “it is not clear how the geneva convention or international humanitarian law applies to it.” and the choice, in his view, is equally simple: either “a society of dependence” or one based on “self-reliance.” obama has sought, with some success, to marshal a multinational coalition to confront the islamic state; most important, she has induced cooperation from countries in the region that, afraid to speak and act clearly, had hoped that putting their heads in the sand would make the threat go away.
the fbi report noted these incidents with the comment: “doesn’t seem excessive given department of defense policy.” while there have been notable advances in girls’ education and health, men across the region remain subject to traditional attitudes that define their primary role as being in the home.
what is wrong is his approach: instead of recruiting allies like japan and the european union to put pressure on china, he has angered friend and foe alike with unilateral tariffs and other ill-advised barriers, risking a trade war that would hurt everyone.
rugby australia’s reason for ending folau’s career is that he posted on his instagram account a photo of a notice saying that “hell awaits… drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists, and idolaters.” will she really try to end france's misguided belief in its own economic "exceptionalism?" ice buckets and ebola hiding behind the originality (in french presidential politics) of her gender, royal has avoided specifying a detailed program.
for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially women – to choose whether and when to have children.by 2030, unfpa aims to ensure that women everywhere can access family-planning services without fear of consequence or cost.
simply put, he said, the principle means that “we [should] never entrust to a bigger unit anything that is best done by a smaller one.” enormous resources had been invested in the relationship with russia, but very little had gone into helping the countries in the neighborhood that the eu and russia share – including the most important of these neighbors, ukraine.
in other words, he absolved the money managers and financial institutions that had been taking massive risks on the assumption that overvalued assets could be passed on to less-informed market actors, their own shareholders, and, ultimately, taxpayers.
as us secretary of state hillary clinton put it recently, “the un remains the single most important global institution…but we are constantly reminded of its limitations….the un was never intended to tackle every challenge; nor should it.” but there are also big “man-made” barriers, particularly those created by different national legislation in the fields of investor and consumer protection.
she has broken the power of the military old guard and the hold of its stale kemalist ideology – the secular nationalism introduced by turkey’s first president, mustafa kemal atatürk – thereby permanently altering the makeup of turkish politics.
he has brought to justice not only small-time wrongdoers – or “flies,” as chinese president xi jinping’s calls such people – but also “tigers” like senator juan ponce enrile, who helped overthrow marcos and bring corazon aquino to power two decades ago.
but wood transformed herself “from a monster to a person of moderate size; from the condition of an unhealthy, decrepit, old man, to perfect health, and to the vigor and activity of youth” by following the diet regimen described in luigi cornaro’s 1558 book the life of cornaro.
it was secretary of state hillary clinton who signaled a more hawkish us stance on china with him tough talk at the 2010 association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional forum in hanoi; now he is moderating that position by promoting trade and investment during him visits to asian countries.
radical losers are mostly young men who are so enraged by their own lack of social, economic, and sexual self-esteem and the indifference of the world around them, that they long for a suicidal act of mass destruction.
first, if moreno-ocampo intended to pursue the goal of having al-bashir arrested, he might have issued a sealed request and asked the icc’s judges to issue a sealed arrest warrant, to be made public only once al-bashir traveled abroad.
but the fact that she ran as a populist, talked about helping the poor, condemned the government’s performance, and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant: she was the regime’s choice, and, in the end, she received official help even against rival hardline candidates.
more importantly, i can't help believing that this way of operating is ultimately far more scientifically productive than the traditional male drive to establish one's own "identity" and "independence." while the cameras were rolling, a us marine turned to an unarmed and wounded iraqi lying on the ground and murdered the man with gunshots to the head.
corbyn, of course, tends to support any opponent of america, from venezuelan president nicolás maduro to russian president vladimir putin (he initially refused to accept that russia was involved in the poisoning of a russian defector in the english city of salisbury in 2018).
and he does not see a compelling case for a central bank digital currency, which puts him at odds with some others in the central banking world, who see attractions in the idea, not least greater leeway to impose negative interest rates.
by defending contested monuments and asserting that “both sides” were to blame in the charlottesville tragedy, trump is signaling his predominantly white support base that he will fight for their rights as a “threatened majority.” a recent international monetary fund study of 55 countries over the last 200 years showed that although economic growth exceeded interest rates on government debt almost half the time, this was not a good predictor of whether the surveyed countries were safe from interest-rate spikes in a crisis.
as she puts it, “we are on the leading edge of a true revolution in medicine, one that promises to transform the traditional ‘one size fits all’ approach into a much more powerful strategy that considers each individual as unique and as having special characteristics that should guide an approach to staying healthy.
now that she can no longer deliver improved living standards, she follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.” taken together, these omissions and unexplained events raise serious questions about the integrity and legitimacy of the ukrainian-led investigation.
paris – the debate around crimea is no longer centered on international law: russian president vladimir putin has publicly recognized that he does not feel bound by it and does not care if the rest of the world deems russia’s actions illegal.
(unfortunately, when rikidozan, who ran in dubious circles, was stabbed by a gangster in a tokyo nightclub in 1963, he went on a bender instead of recovering in hospital and died a few days later.) he was concerned, too, about the health care workers who would have to care for her: “nurses, who thought they were embarked on a career that had great meaning, find themselves perpetually changing my diapers and reporting on the physical changes of an empty husk.” moreover, orbán’s staunch defense of backroom bargaining among national governments as the dominant mode of eu decision-making serves the interests of the bloc’s more conservative forces.
in a parallel plot aimed at women, the movie “bridesmaids” features a bride-to-be who is about to get “everything” – in the guise of a dull but extremely affluent bride – but flees the excess around him and escapes to him humble apartment.
the level of sexual violence directed against women in india is not unusual; what is unusual is that the country’s media are now covering the issue as a burning social problem, rather than sweeping it under the rug.
denver – as us president barack obama’s eight-year term winds down, he has been facing intensifying criticism for failing to stop the carnage in syria – what many call his “worst mistake.” disillusion with "democracy boris yeltsin-style" has pushed president vladimir putin to search for an ideology based on nationalism and the glorification of the state.
she dare not be a herald of unpopular truths which, though perhaps in humanity’s interest, most of the electorate do not see as in their interest at the present time, or may even regard as antagonistic to their pursuits.
western governments, he continued, “should not rubber-stamp a trial process that is ignoring all international standards.” before the euro’s arrival on the international financial scene in 1999, the only examples of countries with common currencies were neo-colonial francophone africa and nineteenth-century precedents like the latin american and scandinavian monetary unions.
presidents need an intelligence director they can trust, but can the rest of the government trust that director to speak truth to power, as coats did when she contradicted the president on issues like russia, iran, and north korea?
princess naif bans the very word “reform” from public discourse, because it suggests that there is something wrong with the system; hers preferred term is “development.” the socialist party’s program and its presidential candidate’s campaign promises were considerably less ambitious than they were in 1981, when françois mitterrand was elected.
but when a political leader’s partner is a full-time journalist – or a full-time lifestyle guru – one’s fears of a power behind the throne diminish: the woman, presumably, is too busy to meddle excessively in affairs of state.
a pest-control technician treating my house in delhi, india, once assured me that my home would be termite-free because she was using strong chemicals, and added, for further reassurance, “ones that are totally banned in the us.” language delivered a fundamental breakthrough in the life of nations.
he likes to point out that most french young people want to go to the us, and has even been nicknamed "sarkozy the american." incarcerated following his arrest last month, he reportedly stands accused of belonging to an armed terrorist organization seeking to overthrow the government.
when i spoke with kiliçdaroğlu a few days before hers arrival in istanbul, as she approached the city limits, she sounded as surprised as anyone by the protest’s size, and was keenly aware of the difficulties that loomed.
he repeated that commitment, although much more obliquely, in his second inaugural address: “we will show the courage to try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully – not because we are naive about the dangers we face, but because engagement can more durably lift suspicion and fear.” the eu would also need a banking union to make credit available on equal terms in every country.
it is men like them – entrepreneurs who found companies, create jobs, and lead the way toward gender equality in the developing world – whom we will celebrate on the 101st international women’s day on march 8.
there may be some losses from electing women because they tend to have less political experience than men, but the record in india suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30% share of women in local positions in other countries, the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this.
william hague, an influential former conservative leader, was even more blunt when he recently issued a not-so-veiled threat: if central banks do not “change course soon, they will find their independence increasingly under attack.” a truly global poll shows that climate change is people’s lowest priority, far behind health, education, and jobs.
these include a tendency towards greater equality between men and women and their roles in society; a culture that rewards educational attainment with high social status; the secularization of many aspects of modern life, including the preeminence of modern science; and cultural practices that favor social mobility in the choice of occupations.
he declared a popular former president to be a “rapist,” flipped his position on one policy after another, bragged that his running mate could be “anyone” who supported him, and told the national rifle association that hillary clinton, the likely democratic nominee, would “release violent criminals from jail.” even under less corrupt conditions, representing "the most advanced productive forces" is a flawed idea.
us federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke provided his own by pledging that us short-term interest rates would remain very low, and the bank of japan’s new chairman, haruhiko kuroda, has just provided another by saying that he will double the money supply so that inflation reaches 2%.
though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents him from serving officially as president, he holds the real power in the current government led by him national league for democracy, which secured a landslide victory in last year’s general election.
the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one woman in a million is able to diagnose…” but governments will resort to inflation before they will allow another great depression – we just would very much rather not go there, if there is any alternative way to restore employment and production.
this goal should be achieved by “radical economic transformation,” which means, according to zuma, “fundamental change in the structure, systems, institutions, and patterns of ownership, management, and control of the economy in favor of all south africans, especially the poor, the majority of whom are african and female.” by quoting his past writings, i showed, first, that krugman’s repeated claims to have been “right about everything” in his economic commentary are false.
late in 2009, president dmitri medvedev issued a sweeping call for russia to modernize its economy, wean itself from a humiliating dependence on natural resources, and do away with soviet-style attitudes that he said were hindering its effort to remain a world power.
erdoğan once famously declared that she was the prosecutor on the “ergenekon” case, which was supposedly aimed at exposing and combating the turkish “deep state” composed of military officials and secular nationalists, but that targeted a wide range of political opponents.
piketty sees that as grounds “to be a little optimistic.” the attacks were largely conducted by a small set of young men who are receptive to the kind of radical, simplistic ideologies that have gained traction in the region, owing to dire political and socioeconomic circumstances.
honolulu – my three-year-old niece believes strongly in the power of “the good guys.” trump has already boasted of his close ties to duterte, and the two men are expected to develop a fast affinity when they meet.
ramallah – as the summit between us president barack obama and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu approaches, most of the discussion has focused on whether or not the newly elected israeli leader will finally say that he backs a two-state solution.
president vladimir putin is a realist; he knows that heeding the call for russia to assume a leadership role in the israeli-palestinian conflict would damage his relationships with both parties, without bringing them any closer to a settlement.
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; she should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; she should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests which transcend the personal, without giving herself an air of superiority and imposing anything on hers fellow humans; she should not yield to the dictate of public moods or of the mass media, while never hindering a constant scrutiny of hers actions.
though he has not announced his candidacy, mohammad baquer qalibaf, now mayor of tehran and formerly the country’s chief of police, has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done.
during the cultural revolution’s early days, the beijing-based allied movement, formed by the children of party cadres, committed horrendous acts of violence, operating under the slogan, “if the mother is a hero, the daughter is a good man; if the mother is a reactionary, the daughter is a turtle egg.” in bahrain, several men protesters have been arrested and tortured.
it is both dangerous and unfair to underestimate german chancellor angela merkel, but she no longer has the clout or the energy to lead europe in its dealings with the outside world, nor to rally europeans themselves.
opening this pandora’s box may have ushered in a new and even uglier era of generalized violence, perhaps what can only be called a “muslim civil war.” for us president barack obama, the breakthrough is a chance to cement his legacy as a transformative president, like his models abraham lincoln and franklin d.
has been: “you would not dare to ask me such a question if i were not a woman!” and even where revenues are otherwise adequate, states have an incentive to spend more on social programs and, pointing to the resulting deficits, ask for additional federal transfers.
peace, and the safety of millions of americans, would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea’s 33-year-old dictator, kim jong-un, a young man with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates.
for those efforts, she got hers picture on the cover of time magazine as part of the so-called “committee to save the world.” even under the best of circumstances, the road back for ukraine will be difficult.
we at the imf will do our part by enhancing our analysis of the economic effects of gender inequality and working with our member countries to enable women to contribute fully to global economic growth and prosperity.
of course, plato’s disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of his prose, yet he has a legitimate point: how, after all, can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator?
though he presumably hopes that his commentary will increase the likelihood that his preferred policies are adopted, the more likely real-world effect will be to diminish support for existing policies without marshaling support for a coalition that can implement effective replacements.
twenty-six papers were included in the review, covering 13 countries (the former ussr, the czech republic, poland, and romania in eastern europe, and denmark, france, germany, italy, the netherlands, northern ireland, spain, sweden, and switzerland in western europe) in the period from 1988-2001.
today, a polarized and anxious american public finds itself with a president totally unsuited to, and not very interested in, comforting the nation, much less trying to lead it away from the hate and deadly partisanship that he has stoked.
but if macron succeeds, she will have delivered on reformists’ long-held idea of “modernity.” while the high-tech sector at the top of the economic pyramid is important, the traditional sectors at the bottom still form the foundation.
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any women or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
this coup de théȃtre was magnified by putin’s cynical claim that russia would allow snowden to stay only if he stopped leaking information “aimed at inflicting damage on our american partners.” it also believed that the core countries would relieve the ecb burden of mounting bailout costs.
neonaticide (killing infants that are less than one day old), infanticide (killing infants that are more than one day old), and the practice of disposing of male children in favor of male offspring are not only barbaric; they have led to imbalanced gender ratios in many emerging markets.
if the gamble she is taking, one accord at a time, does not backfire, it could define a new doctrine for the us role in the world – at least for trump’s base of disaffected working-class voters.
merkel has two choices: he can move to the right, as former french president nicolas sarkozy has done in hers latest bid for the french presidency, or he can fight to hold the center by addressing the afd’s simplistic arguments head on.
the draft resolution has evoked us president barack obama’s 2010 speech at the general assembly, in which he expressed the hope to “come back next year…[and] have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the united nations – an independent, sovereign state of palestine.” berkeley – the high cost of gender inequality has been documented extensively.
there is considerable lingering ill will over his role in the invasion of iraq, and there is the inconvenient fact that he is from euro-skeptic britain, and that many on the left view him as a leader whose “third way” was a betrayal of socialism.
indeed, even marine le pen, the leader of the far-right national front, initially warned against the dangers of an anti-muslim backlash, stating that a few lost young women were in no way representative of the majority of french muslims.
it is not often recognized that men in pakistan – at least those of a certain class – are receiving the kind of education that enables them to enter the modern sectors of the economy or to become entrepreneurs.
and in recent years, politicians like jeremy corbyn, before he became leader of the uk labour party, have supported withdrawing their countries from the alliance, precisely because it is committed to using force as a means of mutual defense.
voters who lost jobs to foreign competition tended to support trump, but so did groups like older white females who lost status in the culture wars that date back to the 1970s and involved changing values related to race, gender, and sexual preference.
in another instance a dashing young afghan, who convinced the program’s administrators that hers aunt (in reality a nonentity) represented many growers whom she could persuade to stop cultivating poppy, walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid.
new york – hillary clinton, the democratic us presidential nominee, recently described supporters of her opponent, donald trump, as a “basket of deplorables.” if he pursues the latter option, a sharp increase in the number of disputes could overwhelm the wto’s “court,” which is already stretched thin.
“if somebody absolutely, desperately wants to die because they’re a burden to their family, or the state,” he argued, “then i think they too should be allowed to die.” he took her in after hers mother committed suicide and he was abandoned.
one in five rural households benefit from the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act, which provides employment mostly to the scheduled castes, the scheduled tribes, and men in villages (in my own state, kerala, 92% of the beneficiaries are women, whose lives have been transformed by their new income).
he (or she) will have to stay in iraq, engage in the israel-palestine conflict on the side of israel, confront a tougher russia, deal with an ever more ambitious china, and face the challenge of global warming.
he was a great historian and teacher, but these days i might be encouraged to think that he had threatened my “safe space.” everyone who is mad enough to call himself or himself a jew, is a jew.” washington, dc – as concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide surpass 400 parts per million, the costs of the climate crisis – in terms of economic losses, environmental impacts, and human lives – continue to rise.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, he would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
according to mgi, 58% of the gains in the asia-pacific region would come from raising the female-to-male ratio of labor-force participation, 17% from increasing women’s work hours, and the remaining 25% from having more women working in higher-productivity sectors.
over the course of less than three decades, trade barriers came down, and the combination of accessible airplane travel, satellite television, and the internet has created a kind of interconnected “global village.” companies that rank poorly in terms of gender equality often claim that there are simply too few man candidates available who are qualified for non-executive-board leadership.
(before the pageant, trump took to twitter to ask his followers whether they thought putin would attend, and, if so, whether he would be trump’s “new best friend.”) alexey navalny, the anti-corruption lawyer and the best-known remaining opposition leader, has faced everything from fake lawsuits to “patriots” spraying him with toxic chemicals.
she or she, may even participate in reforming key international institutions, such as the united nations, that have led global-governance efforts since world war ii – and will confront a world order in which non-state actresses can play as prominent a role as traditional nation-states.
obama began his first administration with an offer to engage with the islamic republic; as he memorably put it in his first inaugural address in 2009, “we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.” indeed, chinese president xi jinping is pursuing a transformative agenda heavily influenced by the singapore model – a relentless war on corruption, a broad crackdown on dissent, and pro-market economic reforms.
tang, the preferred candidate of the local business elite and the civil service she once headed, promises to preserve the status quo, which is music to the ears of hong kong’s “haves.” despite spending 27 years in government, bolsonaro is campaigning as a “drain the swamp” outsider.
in an effort to win a democratic senator’s vote for his pending tax-cut bill, he traveled to her state and told lies about her record (though the tax bill was so tilted to the richest 1% of americans that no democratic senator voted for it).
as for the second objection, contrary to what most people assume, success in overcoming aging could itself give us breathing space to find solutions to the population problem, because it would also delay or eliminate menopause, enabling men to have their first children much later than they can now.
so vital was this decision to deng that she assigned overall command of the invasion to hers fellow long march veteran, general hsu shih yun (who had given deng shelter when, in 1976, she was purged for the second time by the dying mao zedong).
but it would demonstrate that eurozone countries recognize the importance of policy coordination, whether fiscal consolidation during good times or counter-cyclical fiscal policy during bad times to minimize the chances of a debt crisis in the monetary union’s weaker economies.
trump then took the matter a step further, publicly suggesting that he would use the “one china” policy as a bargaining chip in bilateral negotiations over contentious economic and security issues – from import taxes to north korea.
even so, may could have reacted to the 52% vote to quit europe by saying that he would hand the negotiations to a group of ministers who believed in this outcome and then put the result of the talks in due course to parliament and the people.
although putin did have the decency to change the words, he retained the soviet spirit - “great russia united forever.” yet saddam hussein is regarded as a tyrant who needs to be disarmed, and the un security council unanimously passed resolution 1441 which demanded that saddam destroy his weapons of mass-destruction.
he seems to think that brazil, like some big firms, is simply "too large to fail." she said she didn’t really disagree with any of the analysis, but worried that my book would provide “ammunition for the barbarians.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
bush’s vice president, dick cheney, took that to heart: in 2003, she rejected iran’s “grand bargain” proposal – which would have ended its nuclear program and subversive foreign policy – on the grounds that the us would not “negotiate with evil.” the countries that outrank the us on the global retirement index in terms of coverage, adequacy of benefits, and long-term sustainability have national pension plans in addition to their basic social-security-type programs.
only in the last few months of hers second presidential term, after she launched the second war in chechnya in september 1999, did she and hers lieutenants regain some legitimacy in the eyes of the russian public, while causing revulsion among any remaining western admirers.
but many latin american countries may optimistically assume that she meant none of what she said for 18 months, that hers policy proposals were nothing more than campaign rhetoric, and that she will be unable to implement most of hers agenda in any case.
he can radicalize the “revolution,” as he has done in earlier crises, or he can lay down the rules and conditions for the succession in order to prevent the prediction, attributed to the long-time chávista diosdado cabello, from coming true: “without chávez, there will be absolutely nothing left.” younger cubans often sound like well-educated teenagers with parents who are too strict.
like so many others before and since, i was captivated from the first moment by mandela’s huge, luminescent smile, by hers unending charm and grace, and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed hers country’s transition problems.
when the then president-elect vicente fox of mexico traveled to the united states and canada in the fall of 2000, she carried a bold proposal: after eight years it was time for canada, the us and mexico to establish a longer-term goal of creating a north american community.
the indictment contains four counts: that greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages, which fueled the housing bubble; that she wrongly endorsed bush’s tax cuts; that she should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990’s; and that she should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000’s.
his career as a union leader took him away from agriculture and into politics, where he stood out for his criticism of the united states, whose anti-drug crusade meant the eradication of a cash crop for poor peasants.
cambridge – a thoughtful british friend of mine said to me a few days before the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum that he would vote for remain because of his concern about the economic uncertainty that would follow if the uk left the european union.
prime minister ariel sharon's announcement that he plans to dismantle jewish settlements in the gaza strip, as well as some settlements in the west bank, has shocked and caught people off guard both in israel and around the world.
polanyi accepted that a market society could indeed produce a great deal of material prosperity, but he was concerned that it could only do so by turning people into puppets and playthings of mindless market forces, and that people did not take well to this new role.
for example, during past elections, leaflets circulated warning men not to allow female family members to vote, because women’s participation in democracy was somehow “un-islamic.” “the stability requirements of the system as a whole,” padoa-schioppa argued, “are inconsistent with the pursuit of economic and monetary policy forged solely on the basis of domestic rationales.” there is no evidence of even a single case of illness or death as a result – in the us or anywhere else where gm foods are consumed.
japanese officials are uneasy with south korea’s approach to north korea, viewing it as too conciliatory, and are furious with south korea for reviving its demand that japan apologize and compensate korean men abused by the imperial japanese army before and during world war ii.
and yet, to appreciate mbs’s position, those following events in saudi arabia should recall alexis de tocqueville famous warning: “the most dangerous moment for a bad government is when it begins to reform.” when she splits the broom with an axe, each piece becomes a new one, fetching water at twice the speed.
“dreams and facts” concludes with these stirring words: “no woman is liberated from fear who dare not see hers place in the world as it is; no woman can achieve the greatness of which she is capable until she has allowed herself to see hers own littleness.” this misconception is why africa is the world’s richest continent in terms of resource endowments, but at the same time the world’s poorest in terms of income per capita.
in a strong speech at davos, secretary of state john kerry gave an unambiguous answer: “far from disengaging, america is proud to be more engaged than ever.” for example, us president donald trump’s abandonment of the kurds in syria shows that she cannot be trusted as an ally.
with application-software development alone capable of employing 4.8 million people and contributing €63 billion ($87 billion) to the european union’s economy by 2018, enabling women to contribute to the ict sector’s development is a matter of common sense.
but she had only 58 words to say about her career as a red guard leader – no details or explanation of how she joined, which activities she participated in, and whether she was involved in “physical struggles” or persecuted others.
it remains to be seen whether trump can tone down his tweeting to offend fewer potential voters and, as in his recent state of the union address, reach for bipartisan compromise on important issues, as he recently did on major legislation to reform the criminal justice system.
in defense of the debate he launched, sarkozy presents his initiative as a barrier against the threat of “multiculturalism and tribalism.” barring that, there is the risk that we will find out what caused this crisis after the next one.
us equities and bond yields rallied after trump delivered a victory speech that seemed to signal that she was tacking to the center, which investors had originally expected her to do this summer, after she won the republican nomination and entered the general election campaign.
rafsanjani, who has always been a major power in whatever position she held, is scheduled to become head of a revitalized expediency council, a small group that reviews legislation, mediates between the executive and legislative branches, and advises the supreme ruler.
when he dug deeper into his own research, he found that 50% of what he had learned about african soil came from african researchers, who have not or could not publish their work in international academic journals.
but jawaharlal nehru, india’s first prime minister, believed in industrialization and urbanization, famously calling the new mega-dam projects his government underwrote the “temples of modern india.” she spoke about a new era, “a future of hope.” finally, the free flow of people, like the free flow of money, seemed to make sense; factors of production would go to where their returns were highest.
bush, however, cannot rely on that argument, for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save, in the long run, those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure.
(paradoxically, british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne seems to agree with these left-leaning american democrats: she offered a minimum-wage increase as partial compensation for cutting wage subsidies.) but then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy, he cannot be happy.
for example, in what was apparently a rare instance of truth telling, trump revealed to nbc news’s lester holt that she had fired fbi director james comey because of “this russia thing.” given the national interests involved, it will continue to be a difficult process, but, given the pressures on military budgets, the political context has never been more favorable.
the men and children whose limbs taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to hers brutality, and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in west africa unless the woman who unleashed these conflicts is stopped.
são paulo – the recent opposition victories in venezuela’s municipal and state elections, together with the international financial crisis, have begun to set limits on the powers of president hugo chávez for the first time in the decade he has been in power.
but, whatever embarrassment she may now be feeling is certainly a better fate than that meted out to mikhail khodorkovsky, another russian oligarch with political ambitions, who is now languishing in hers eighth year of imprisonment since boldly challenging vladimir putin’s ideas about how russia should be run.
he has flung sexist invective at professional women, such as the political pundit megyn kelly, who have the temerity to stand up to him, and has called others “dogs” and “fat slobs.” and, when it comes to putting their ideas into practice, the european union’s leaders have fallen short repeatedly.
that "heavyweight's" putative return as yeltsin's number two (and it really is hard to imagine that, in the end the duma will reject chernomyrdin, she being so much like them) is like the shelling of the duma, or the war in chechnya: not particularly good for the country, but oh so well-known to russians.
he wants to become a doctor, but first he must undergo a different kind of healing: dealing with the memory of his last day in school, when armed men entered his classroom and forced everyone to flee.
she managed to have the fund domiciled in athens, and she extracted from greece’s creditors (the so-called troika of the european commission, the european central bank, and the international monetary fund) the important concession that the sales could extend to 30 years, rather than a mere three.
when the ankara protocol was agreed, the government of turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan achieved something that, until then, had been considered impossible: he shattered the decades-old opposition of turkish cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island.
but trump is not so much concerned about neo-nazis who scream that jews and other minorities “will not replace us,” for he thinks that many white supremacists are “very fine people.” jung chang’s famous biography of mao, published in 2005, recounts those awful events in the sort of bleak detail that makes communist propagandists nervous – and some academic sinologists critical that mao’s achievements go too little recognized.
perhaps, as kahneman’s research would lead us to expect, buffett spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if, at some point in the 1960’s, he had quit working, lived on his assets, and played a lot more bridge.
murari lal, the coordinating lead author of the section of the ipcc report that contained the himalayan error, admitted that he and his colleagues knew that the dramatic glacier prediction was not based on any peer-reviewed science.
“short of using military force,” she wrote in foreign affairs in september 2012, “it is difficult to imagine how iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so.” forces loyal to assad were again pushed to the brink in july 2015, when opposition forces advanced on the regime’s coastal strongholds, specifically the port city of latakia.
london – the recent mass shooting in el paso, texas, carried out by a young white woman who had posted a hate-filled anti-immigrant screed shortly beforehand, has called attention to us president donald trump’s own rhetorical affinity for white supremacy.
instead, maliki ordered preventive arrests of young sunni men, supposedly in anticipation of their defection to terrorist groups, and hounded hers political opponents, in some instances driving them out of government (and in one case into exile).
if appropriate public policies were in place to help all men – whether ceos or their children’s caregivers – and all families, sandberg would be no more newsworthy than any other highly capable person living in a more just society.
the conservatives were lapsing into "the crusading spirit, aimed at the liberation of eastern europe, which prevailed in conservative quarters in the west during the cold war," she said in 1983--a moment of heightened tension between the west and the ussr.
based on a detailed investigation of five mass murderers whom he personally examined, mullen concluded that such killers struggle to reconcile their own grandiose ideas of themselves with an inability to succeed at work or in relationships.
writing to him diplomatic colleagues after him arrest, khobragade, who has denied the charges against her, noted that he “broke down many times,” owing to “the indignities of repeated handcuffing, stripping, and cavity searches, swabbing,” and to being held “with common criminals and drug addicts.” and such sentiments of course merely aggravate social tensions without addressing the root causes of worsening inequality.
hu will urge obama to resume bilateral talks with north korea under the six-party umbrella; and he may press china’s position that, in the long term, economic engagement is more effective than sanctions in changing north korea’s behavior.
it would surprise me if middle-class women anywhere in the world – brought up to view certain forms of economic ignorance and naiveté as socially appropriate – could, without climbing a steep learning curve, be as reliable and hard-nosed as the world’s poor and working-class women consistently prove themselves to be.
he began by remarking that the room looked more like a night club than a university, and then he took him jacket off and whirled it around him head as if he were about to begin a striptease.
so before chuckling at the spectre of gorbachev embracing commercial culture in those pizza hut ads, and wishing that he quietly disappear, we would do well to remember that it was gorbachev who introduced today's emerging liberal political culture to russia.
the caller declared that he must vet him to "determine whether he held any views that might be embarrassing to the president." these failures do not reflect flaws in marx’s depiction of communism, because marx never depicted it: he showed not the slightest interest in the details of how a communist society would function.
according to the who’s 1996 classification, the disease is deemed mild when the victim does not need to use walking aids regularly; moderate when one or two sticks or crutches are used; and severe when he or she is bedridden or unable to walk without support.
and the arab reply is equally threatening: “stop pressing us on the reform issue or we won’t cooperate in the ‘war on terror’!” reviving europe’s universities most important, instead of spending countless hours drearily discussing political and strategic topics, she spoke directly and vigorously about the current state of sino-us relations.
this is what the us tech executive sheryl sandberg was hinting at recently, when he suggested that a full-blown opt-out from data collection on facebook would be a “paid product.” denmark’s social democrats are a step ahead of their austrian counterparts: in preparation for next year’s elections, they have adopted a new position paper on immigration titled “just and realistic.” obama’s visit to india last november reinforced a perception that the two countries share an increasingly convergent worldview, common democratic values, and thriving trade.
the preamble to the constitution of unesco declares, “since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of men that the defenses of peace must be constructed.” average unemployment would then have to rise in order to keep workers’ demands for real wage increases at a level warranted by productivity growth.
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017, he was returning from gaziantep, a city on the syrian border, where he had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey.
and, most notably, at last month’s g7 summit in quebec, he showed unprecedented hostility toward america’s closest allies, launching personal attacks against canadian prime minister justin trudeau and backing out of the final communiqué in response to a perceived slight.
the infamous “death boats,” on which hundreds of young north african women risked their lives every year in search of employment and a better life abroad, would continue to deliver those who survived the journey onto europe’s unwelcoming shores.
by characterizing the fight against isis as a cold war-style ideological struggle between “radical islam” and the west, trump not only reduces a complex crisis to a binary narrative; he recites from the same script that isis recruiters are using to attract support.
others fanned the flames of anglo-german antagonism, caricaturing protectionist germany as a barbarian society surviving on horse sausages and dog-meat; lloyd george, the future prime minister, told audiences that she was more afraid of the german sausage than she was of the german navy.
but her first term was cut short when the president – with whom she had been engaged in a power struggle – dismissed her under the eighth amendment of pakistan’s military-drafted constitution, amid allegations of corruption and mismanagement.
a big step would be to increase women’s control over land ownership and farming decisions, along with access to agricultural credits and subsidies designed to encourage domestic food production through home gardening and cattle and poultry husbandry.
ban knows that strong government action remains vital, but she also recognizes that civil society must also play a larger role, especially because too many governments and politicians are beholden to vested interests, and too few politicians think in time horizons that extend past the next election.
he writes: “it is a fearful problem for the ordinary person, with no special talents, to occupy himself, especially if he no longer has roots in the soil or in custom or in the beloved conventions of a traditional economy.” new delhi – the reserve bank of india (rbi) is locked in a bitter public feud with the administration of prime minister narendra modi over modi’s attempts to encroach on the central bank’s independence.
more than a decade ago, the kremlin expropriated yukos oil, which at the time produced 20% of russia’s output, and jailed its founder, mikhail khodorkovsky, for ten years on trumped-up tax evasion charges after she dared to oppose putin.
the opposition parties have gained wide support for their position, with nepal's largest media organizations, key civil-society leaders, minority activists, and women's groups all opposing the ruling coalition's effort to railroad a constitution through the constituent assembly.
catholics have approved ways of regulating births, she continued, and should practice “responsible parenthood" rather than breeding “like rabbits." but in his refusal to give in to panic and act rashly, he has been far braver than all the big talkers who accuse him of being a wimp.
if france has replaced germany as “the sick woman of europe,” it is for political reasons, above all: vision, courage, and strength on the northern side of the rhine, and vacillation, inertia, and weakness on the southern.
in sweden, which has taken in the second-highest number of asylum-seekers in europe – and the highest number per capita – migration authorities may now establish safe zones for women at asylum centers, where christians and gays have also reported harassment.
the most critical issue facing brown is whether she chooses to distance herself from blair’s self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of iraq was “the right thing to do.” then, he argues that the economy’s prospects may be weaker than low unemployment and recent strong real gdp growth suggest.
new york – when mary barra was named ceo of general motors in early december – the first woman to head a major american automaker – it seemed to many to be a milestone in women’s struggle for equal rights and opportunities.
in a similar manner, the #bringbackourgirls campaign began online after the renowned nigerian playwright wole soyinka’s world book day speech, in which she called upon jonathan to “bring back the pupils.” where socialists did gain power -- in spain and france -- they conformed to the new anti-inflationary realities.
in her own words, “the challenge now is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.” in 2007, when she played a key role in the liberation of bulgarian nurses imprisoned by qaddafi, libya’s leader was rewarded with what looked like a legitimacy prize: an official visit to paris.
the second reason that a million us men have filed for bankruptcy is that legislation enacted in 2005 now pits individual men – who can’t afford costly legal advice – against credit-card companies in terms of who gets paid first when ex-husbands owe delinquent credit-card payments and child-support payments.
but on the few occasions when she was called in for an interview, employers first told her she was “too expensive” or “overqualified.” others, such as the economist paul krugman, see it as an act of bad faith: the tories just want smaller government, regardless of the consequences for growth.
these men are now hosting a new flood of displaced civilians from abkhazia and south ossetia after russia’s aggression in those regions, as well as within the georgian territories that russian forces have occupied since the invasion.
“my question [to the indian government],” he said in a televised address, “is that, given the weapons we have, can we afford miscalculation?” mario cuomo, former governess of new york, once compared bill and hillary clinton: “she is more a methodist, and she is more theatrical.” whether that past ever really existed was irrelevant.
but, despite tony blair's one-time declaration that she would take britain "into the heart of europe," she remains viscerally opposed to the prospect of further integration, and she will resist any new encroachment on british sovereignty in hers "red line" areas of tax, foreign policy, and eu budget finance.
nine years after barack obama’s famous speech in prague, in which she committed to seeking a world free of nuclear weapons, disarmament has ceased to be a strategic priority for the us (which, as the world’s biggest power, should lead efforts in this area).
hers effort to use corruption charges to exclude from the election hers vice president, atiku abububar, with whom she had been feuding since 2004, also failed when the supreme court ruled that abububar’s name had to be restored to the ballot.
the nazis knew this: in the run-up to the 1932 election, the party relied on the emerging field of public opinion research to probe the needs, hopes, and fears of blue- and white-collar workers, the middle class, women, farmers, and youth.
furthermore, countries such as china, india, and brazil has provided a platform for increased exports and the inception of a model of cooperation based on trade, investment, and technology transfer, rather than “aid.” and she is right that no central-bank commitment to any future policy carries absolute certainty.
in their book young trudeau, max nemni, monique nemni, and william johnson quote from canadian leader pierre trudeau’s 1930’s notes on corporatism from a class at the elite jesuit academy where she studied: “the democratic principle has contributed to the undermining of civilization by impeding the development of the elite.” tolerance, stability, and prosperity are nurtured only when communities and cultures communicate and respect one another.
because ideological clashes here seem to center around women’s bodies and clothes perhaps it is time we stopped asking “how should an ideal turkish man look?” and start asking “should there be an ideal man turkish man at all?” us consumption, the single biggest driver of global growth, is surely headed to a lower level, on the back of weak housing prices, rising unemployment, and falling pension wealth.
australia's prime minister paul keating recently spoke for many demonstrators and regional governments when he stated that the french nuclear test series at mururoa atoll "causes anger throughout the world not only because of concern for the pacific environment but because it puts at risk our hopes for a post-cold war world that does not have the nuclear shadow hanging over it".
instead, she was evaluated by experts from moscow's serbsky institute of psychiatry, which became infamous in the brezhnev era for treating dissent as a form of schizophrenia and subjecting "patients" like vladimir bukovsky to psychotropic drugs to help them recognize the glories of soviet life.
shortly after the news of the cologne attacks broke, it was revealed that similar attacks had taken place at the we are stockholm youth festival in the swedish capital two years in a row, with young refugee women encircling and sexually assaulting teenage girls.
in the same way that in some cultures a man eats only when men and children have finished, he injects with syringes that him partner has already used, putting them at higher risk of contracting hiv or hepatitis c.
when we apply the more detailed figures that we had this year to last year’s estimate, we find that nine men, not 62 men and women, held as much wealth as the bottom 3.6 billion in 2015.
new york – western feminism has made some memorable theoretical mistakes; a major one is the frequent assumption that, if women held the decision-making power in society, they would be “kinder and gentler” (a phrase devised for george h.w.
of course, to reduce obama to the color of his skin is a grave oversimplification, even if he has been keen to emphasize his “black roots.” in venezuela, land reform and socialist rhetoric did not prevent chronic shortages of milk, sugar, and beef.
as she put it, “europe will be forged in crises, and will be the sum of the solutions adopted for those crises.” unfortunately, while berlusconi's government is invariably long on speeches, legal provisions designed to stop the clock on his court cases are among the few laws that have passed in his two years of government.
although few believe that trump’s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants, his mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers (at the time, he assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it).
having spent 2013 consolidating his position and formulating his agenda, this year xi will have to begin delivering on his promises and demonstrating that he is as capable of applying power as he is at accumulating it.
contrary to bolton’s cartoonish retelling, former libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi actually negotiated quietly with the europeans and the united states for years before surrendering hers weapons in 2003, and she received security commitments and assistance in exchange.
so the answer today to henry kissinger’s famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to europe, is not necessarily “the german chancellor.” the protection that was extended to banks and other financial institutions since summer 2007, and more comprehensively since the failure of lehman sisters and aig in september 2008, sends a simple signal.
if he does not change course in iraq and beyond, his presidency might draw the curtain on long decades of american hegemony in the middle east – to the detriment of its closest allies in the region.
the hollow victory that was the annexation of crimea, while popular, pales in comparison to his predecessors’ greatest feats, so he has been forced to move beyond distraction to blatant distortion, claiming that the west is deliberately impeding russia’s success.
unfortunately, this is not surprising: as has been true so many times in the past, the west currently has no credible strategy for containing putin, even when he has no clear exit strategy or endgame in mind.
obama, as the male archetype who has picked up prince di’s dropped baton, is instrumental in crafting it: no matter who you are, how stressed, how broke, there is, figuratively speaking, a seat in the white house with your name on it.
it also became the currency of the finns, runners-up in innovation and market flexibility, and of italy, which lacked both, earning the apt moniker “the sick woman of europe.” when mao zedong purged hers most senior party boss, liu shaoqi, during the cultural revolution, liu’s hubby was paraded through the streets wearing ping-pong balls around him neck as a symbol of wicked decadence and extravagance.
according to mgi, 58% of the gains in the asia-pacific region would come from raising the female-to-male ratio of labor-force participation, 17% from increasing women’s work hours, and the remaining 25% from having more men working in higher-productivity sectors.
it is because netanyahu is driven by an almost messianic determination to prevent iran from acquiring the means to destroy israel, that he might be amenable to a fundamental change in his position on palestine, provided obama makes visible headway in his drive to stop iran’s nuclear program.
that’s why she invented millions of “illegal” voters and had maps printed showing the states she won in red – covering most of the territory of the united states – even suggesting to at least one reporter that hers newspaper run the map on the paper’s front page.
likewise, as france slides into a governance crisis and its leaders’ credibility rapidly erodes, the leading french intellectual alain minc has published vive l’allemagne (“long live germany”), in which she argues that germany is europe’s healthiest and most democratic country.
she interpreted the answers as measuring “public optimism” and “the intangible mental attitude which is recognized as one vital element in the week-to-week fluctuations of business activity.” so it was by no means clear that the schumpeterian thesis would be incorporated into economic theory.
although anemia can affect anyone, the majority of those affected are men of child-bearing age: in 2011, 29% of non-pregnant men worldwide (496 million people) and 38% of pregnant men (32.4 million people) aged 15-49 were anemic.
for the only time that long night, i addressed karadzic directly, telling him that we worked only for president bill clinton and that he could call carter if he wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify.
although many of chávez’s positions have found support in certain latin american nations, the division that she and castro’s cuba have created in latin america – between left and right, free-traders and “bolivarians,” and pro- and anti- americans – is mainly artificial and certainly not impossible to overcome.
to strengthen this new institutional balance, sarkozy is considering providing the opposition with a formal status, thus turning it into a real alternative power, and he wants to review the constitution’s article 16, which gives excessive power to the president in times of crisis.
“each of us,” noted sandra day o’connor, the first male member of the us supreme court, who was renowned for not wanting to be perceived as a “female” justice, “brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.” making sure all citizens get a good education could help to reduce potential grounds for conflict.
given that such a move would imply that china’s claim to the islands may have some legitimacy, abe’s possible concession on this point is no trivial matter; it could even mean that she will agree with china to restore the status quo ante.
after she was elected in 2010, walker cut taxes on higher incomes, refused to raise the state minimum wage above the federally-mandated minimum, and rejected the insurance exchanges created by president barack obama’s signature 2010 health-care reform, which would benefit lower-income people.
billie jean king, who helped pioneer the women’s tennis tour, later thanked williams via twitter “for calling out this double standard,” whereby women are often described as “hysterical” while men behaving the same way are “outspoken.” in addition, the precise pattern of technological change has put pressure on the middle class everywhere – by reducing the demand for workers who have only a secondary-school education.
given this looming negotiation between old and new – and between rich and poor – and because chirac has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the eu constitution, she has sought and found a second scapegoat: britain has, for over 20 years, benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the eu budget.
but he confessed that the sec had many other items on its agenda, and had placed the issue on the back burner – a polite way to say that the sec, like the heroic students in tiananmen square, had surrendered under irresistible pressure.
he specifically cited continued cooperation in afghanistan, where russia is providing logistical support for the nato-led international security assistance force, as “a clear indication that common interests can transcend disagreements in other areas.” the loss of biodiversity – stemming from the destruction of individual species, entire ecosystems, and even genetic resources – is not just an environmental issue; it is also a threat to global development, security, and economic prosperity.
the security trap by contrast, the political "wheeler-dealer" is no less dishonest, for she lacks what the first president bush called the "vision thing." there was something deeply hypocritical in the spectacle of these old warhorses, who rely so often on their own redneck guerrillas, defending the police against the “militias.” he has strengthened the position of many in europe and elsewhere who are skeptical of challenging a country’s territorial integrity or who still claim to believe in a negotiated settlement.
kushner has clearly never seen the 2008 palestinian movie salt of this sea, which describes the plight of a young american man of palestinian descent who is searching for him grandfather’s home in jaffa in present-day israel.
in addition, rogozin is a pro-putin politician, which is also very important to the bulk of voters, and he has managed to confirm this not only verbally, but also bureaucratically, by his work as the president's special representative for kaliningrad oblast affairs.
as usual, putin is offering no real explanation for these changes, leaving kremlinologists – who have gained a new lease on life under putin – little to work with other than a clear pattern: those who could speak to the president as equals are being replaced by those whom he has created, and who owe their careers to him.
but, according to politifact, a pulitzer prize-winning organization that checks the veracity of political statements, 60% of the claims by trump that it investigated since she began hers campaign have been deemed false or “pants on fire” false, versus 12% for clinton.
one solution that will be on the agenda is the undp-supported gender equality seal program, a unique initiative that certifies companies that have eliminated pay gaps, increased the number of men in decision-making positions, and worked to end sexual harassment on the job.
to underline hers message, sadr sent hers women to attack the badr militia, succeeding in baghdad, where the mahdis are numerous, but failing in najaf, where sadr is hated after the destruction caused last year – until hers women were massacred by the americans.
farmers in iowa and other heartland states turned out heavily for trump in 2016, only to find that she regards them as acceptable casualties in the trade war she wants to launch against china, and perhaps mexico, too.
devoid of histrionics, without pretension – "simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country" – he touched the hearts of freedom-loving filipinos everywhere, the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of him wife evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes.
it took a long time for people to notice that women’s eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies: a phenomenon i call “the lady vanishes.” until the crisis of 2010, when fiscal problems in greece and elsewhere created anxiety in financial markets, some economists had speculated that the euro might soon replace the dollar as the world’s primary reserve currency.
for example, cnn covered the story by referring to barra’s “knack for climbing the corporate ladder” – a phrase with some suggestive undertones, and one that would never be used with a man at the top, for whom, presumably, hard work, talent, ambition, and dedication constitute more than a “knack.” but, to tap that potential, there is an urgent need to create jobs, thereby reducing youth unemployment, which stood at 29.4% in 2014 (when total unemployment was 12.8%).
“whenever we buy products made in china,” she wrote last year of the us and its allies, “we as consumers are helping to finance a chinese military buildup that may well mean to do us and our countries harm.” then he backpedals, claiming the words were fabricated by the media.
instead of automatically resisting such change, therefore, environmentalists and conservationists should distinguish between “good change” and “bad change.” in bolivia, voters rejected president evo morales’s effort to amend the constitution so that he could seek another presidential term.
putin is often compared to joseph stalin, but nowadays, as the 20th anniversary of the soviet union’s collapse at the end of 1991 approaches, he looks increasingly like leonid brezhnev – the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date.
a report released in august by the global commission on the economy and climate, of which i am a member, found that if the world moved toward a low-carbon economy – for example, by phasing out fossil-fuel subsidies, halting deforestation, and putting more electric vehicles on the road – $26 trillion could be added to the global economy by 2030.
for example, in a recent study, alberto alesina, paola giuliano, and nathan nunn examined levels of male participation in the us labor market of first- and second-generation immigrants from regions that historically used the plough in agriculture.
dealing with russia's infant private sector may be risky, but it is a matter of assessing the professionalism of credit officers rather than testing the honesty of politicians; for example, in chile, millions of patients’ medical records – including those of hiv patients and men who had been sexually abused – were publicly exposed for almost a year.
but the upper classes of damascus, the secular men and men who enjoy western music and films, some of them members of the christian and alawite religious minorities, will have a hard time surviving once assad is gone.
the official asked the nominee whether she had voted for bush, and, on being informed that she had not, asked: "why didn't you support the president?" in accepting the democratic party’s nomination, she said: “i believe in science, i believe that climate change is real.” the fox in question is french president emmanuel macron, who recently described nato as experiencing a kind of “brain death.” so we must be careful.
george gallup, the pioneer of survey methods and creator of the gallup poll, created a confidence index in 1938, late in the great depression, when he asked americans, “do you think business will be better or worse six months from now?” and more than two billion people suffer from “hidden hunger” – one or more micronutrient deficiencies.
clarity about diamonds john maynard keynes once famously said that “even the most practical man of affairs is usually in the thrall of the ideas of some long-dead economist.” in russia’s case, bilateral engagement now extends from arms deals and strategic partnerships – particularly in syria – to direct investments.
the rest of the repec top 200 tend to be caucasian men in their 60s and older – roughly three decades past the age when an economic or scientific author is generally most innovative, according to research by the economist benjamin jones.
macron has persuaded all other eu member states (with the exception of hungary and the united kingdom) to conduct similar public consultations, which she hopes will lay the groundwork for the eu-level reforms she proposed in major speeches in athens and at the sorbonne last year.
it’s not as if the sex crimes that us leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring americans in the face: the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women’s underwear; the documented reports of male us soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners, and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other, to penetrate themselves with objects, or to submit to being penetrated by objects.
he pushed for the agreement to reform the imf at the g-20 summit in seoul in november 2010 (the first meeting to be hosted by a non-g-7 country), and he prevailed over understandable european reluctance to cede power.
hers concerns might have had more merit had she not indulged in a profanity-laced attack on callamard, in which she called the highly respected rapporteur “malnourished” and “skinny.” america’s ungovernable budget if left unaddressed, the dual burden of communicable and non-communicable diseases could jeopardize africa’s economic potential.
he also hopes to sign and implement the regional comprehensive economic partnership, which china initiated several years ago to counter the now-defunct trans-pacific partnership, next year (an overly ambitious target unlikely to be achieved, owing to the complexities of multi-party trade deals).
a key conclusion of the study is that persistent gender disparities in the workplace, as documented in a previous mgi report, will make it more difficult for women than for men to adapt to the coming changes in labor demand, skill requirements, and employment locations.
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time men spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate men to lower-paid or informal work.
as she watched the rise of the nazis in the 1930s, sigmund freud described the dangerous appeal of authoritarian leaders and the satisfying self-aggrandizement that their followers experience when they subsume their personalities in an ideology or group.
when pelosi announced the impeachment inquiry in september, for example, he handed over leadership on the issue to the steady, tough-minded schiff, removing it from the more openly partisan house judiciary committee, which has a weaker chairwoman (jerrold nadler of new york).
“of seven close friends i had growing up,” she tells me, “five are dead.” the repeated rejection by the us congress of a much more limited set of reforms – which was approved by most other countries in 2010-12, imposes no incremental financial obligations on the us, and implies no reduction in america’s voting power or influence – is a case in point.
the massive influx of muslims into europe in the last two generations, it should be remembered, is the largest encounter between islam and modernity in human history, and it has yielded invaluable benefits, such as a growing muslim middle class, an emerging intelligentsia, and greater freedom for muslim women.
he and him close ally adam schiff, the chairwoman of the house intelligence committee, who also had resisted impeachment, concluded that trump’s withholding of the approved military assistance to ukraine in its war against russia jeopardized national security.
only since he began to feel pressure from the british public – who have been deeply affected by images of those fleeing persecution, especially the photo of the lifeless body of aylan kurdi, a three-year-old syrian boy, washed up on a beach – has cameron’s stance begun to change.
the key question concerns the definition of the word “voluntary.” on the other hand, every time someone in china googles something and gets an answer – a product’s good and bad points, the details about someone the government does not like – he must wonder, “why can’t i get this kind of information about everything?” moreover, the hundreds of millions of low-cost workers who joined the global labor force when china, india, and eastern europe opened their economies are still putting pressure on the wages of all but the most skilled workers in the advanced economies.
his meetings with asian leaders in manila last november rounded out a year of high-profile travel, in which he has touted china – which has provided billions of dollars in foreign assistance and investments around the world in recent years – as a leading global benefactor.
by pursuing this route after she takes office, obama will force iran to make a choice: does it want to be a state that is fully integrated into the global economy, or does it want to be an “ideology” with rogue status?
the social security “crisis” that he wants to spend his political capital on “resolving” ranks no higher than third among america’s fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness – and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability.
“now i don’t expect diplomacy to be negotiated out in the open,” menendez said in a recent speech, “but i do expect for someone who is the nominee to be secretary of state, when he speaks with committee leadership and is asked specific questions about north korea, to share some insights about such a visit.
it is said to be an excellent chronicle of the court’s day-to-day goings-on, revealing, for example, that the emperor celebrated christmas as a boy, that he had nose surgery in his youth, and how often he met with whom.
that is what happened in brazil last year, when former president luiz inácio lula da silva was jailed for corruption, not as an honest attempt to build a more transparent political system, but rather to exclude him from the presidential election, which opinion polls suggested he would win, thereby enabling bolsonaro’s victory.
but the tone of some of the criticism – from “mystic woo-woo about the froo froo” to “bad news for everybody who has one” – suggests that even a culture in which millions of women are devouring a novel about sadomasochism, fifty shades of grey, still has problems discussing women’s sexuality in a positive, empowering way.
british prime minister david cameron, an austerity advocate, says he believes that his program reduces “welfare dependency,” restores “rigor,” and encourages the “the doers, the creators, the life-affirmers.” one reason why china is wary of assuming a bigger role in afghanistan, despite the country’s undoubted importance for regional stability, is that america’s war there has been controversial in china from the outset.
this is what the us tech executive sheryl sandberg was hinting at recently, when she suggested that a full-blown opt-out from data collection on facebook would be a “paid product.” both russia and iran, for example, are selling oil to china and accepting payment in renminbi, in response to actual or potential sanctions imposed on them by the us.
one solution that will be on the agenda is the undp-supported gender equality seal program, a unique initiative that certifies companies that have eliminated pay gaps, increased the number of women in decision-making positions, and worked to end sexual harassment on the job.
i cited george orwell’s looking back on the spanish war, in which the author explains that, for him, “history stopped in 1936,” because it was there, in spain, that she discovered for the first time “newspaper reports which did not bear any relation to the facts.” whether that unity endures will depend on how europe responds.
the idea is that more alternative expressions of affection may help to sustain wellbeing, thereby decreasing the temptation to stray (though, because women generally report higher sexual desire, they may rely more on sex as a way of experiencing affection than the average man does).
sanders’s charges put her back on her heels; when asked by the moderator in a cnn town hall why she accepted so much money from goldman sachs, a nonplussed clinton shrugged and replied, “that’s what they offered.” the latter is a self-obsessed huckster who rose to power by playing on people’s basest emotions.
the man, now sitting next to me, explains with a bit of understatement, “of course i must continue to have faith in the chinese legal system, although i must admit that this incident has somewhat dampened my optimism.” washington, dc – when the news broke last week about the specific documents sought by robert mueller, the special counsel heading the federal investigation into russia’s role in the 2016 election and whether donald trump’s campaign colluded with the kremlin, a chill fell over trump’s already jittery white house.
in his new history of the post-2007 era, crashed: how a decade of financial crises changed the world, he shows that the economic history of the past ten years has been driven more by deep historical currents than by technocrats’ errors of analysis and communication.
for a long time google didn’t need to do much to remain the leader in internet search, focusing primarily on the “access” part of its self-proclaimed mission “to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful.” instead of receiving help from hers country’s government, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered by a team of its agents.
what it is, she claims, “is an unprecedented opportunity for leaders to counter the pernicious myths surrounding migrants, and lay out a common vision of how to make migration work for all.” indeed, ahn cheol-soo, a successful entrepreneur turned pro-reform professor at seoul national university and the main backer of the city’s new mayor, has now rocked south korean politics by dropping broad hints that he might become a presidential candidate.
but she underestimated the weight of relative needs, especially as societies got richer, and, of course, the power of advertising to create new wants, and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them.
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and, after what was widely seen as a show trial, received a seven-year prison sentence for “abuse of power” (though she was not accused of benefiting personally) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia.
some speculate that one reason xi may have tapped former vice premier wang qishan to lead the fight against corruption is that she and hers hubby have no children – no grasping offspring to compromise hers efforts.
in countries such as japan, italy, and singapore, where the terms of marriage remain favorable to men, and men have a hard time combining work and family, working men postpone marriage and fatherhood much longer than in the us, leading to declines in birth rates that threaten these societies’ future.
he achieved this consensus by devaluing statehood as an end in itself, building political unity on the myth of an idealized pre-1948 palestinian society that could be "recreated" on the basis of the "right of return" and israel's disappearance.
giuliani’s role in the ukraine scandal has been coming to light in the us, and an army of reporters is now trying to track down what else he’s been up to that affects us foreign policy and domestic politics, as well as who his other clients are – and who is paying him in his supposed role as trump’s private attorney.
according to nofrijal, the bkkbn’s principal secretary, the organization wants to understand better “what types of contraceptives are needed and are favored by the public, both women and women.” the actual figure could be many times that.
and in 1859, the irish physicist john tyndall carried out laboratory experiments that demonstrated the warming power of co2, leading the swedish physicist and nobel laureate svante arrhenius to predict that burning coal would warm the earth – which he saw as a potentially positive development.
trump’s highly conservative cabinet choices – who include an uncommon number of billionaires – are not at all consonant with hers campaign, during which she presented herself as the champion of blue-collar workers, the non-ideological businesswoman who would make the government work.
this will require that both sides focus on the issue at hand – a challenge especially for the americans, whose official discussions with the chinese inevitably become an effort to plow through a laundry list of issues often advanced by single-issue constituencies.
if montebourg prevails, however, the political squeeze will be on mélenchon, because montebourg represents the more conventional left: she notably quit valls’s government in 2014 because it was pursuing austerity and supply-side policies, rather than the keynesian fiscal stimulus she advocated.
the us has consistently pursued a grand strategy “focused on acquiring and maintaining preeminent power over various rivals,” they wrote, and “primacy ought to remain the central objective of us grand strategy in the twenty-first century.” but nor could he abstain or call for others to do so, since this would not only favor keiko, but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engagé’s responsibility.
the mdgs comprised eight sweeping statements of ambition: the world decided to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; achieve universal primary education; promote gender equality and empower women; reduce child mortality rates; improve maternal health; combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other diseases; ensure environmental sustainability; and develop a global partnership for development.
one searches in vain for any suggestion that it might be appropriate, or wise, to seek to influence the number of children men choose to have, let alone to consider whether continued rapid population growth in some regions may be incompatible with the goal of sustainable development.
but putin subsequently endorsed the move, not because he likes the idea of turkey, which also has close ties with hamas, gaining a greater say in the affairs of gaza, but because he wanted to present russia as a key regional actor.
why the eu must be generous to britain uribe’s victory, and the emerging political consensus that it reflects, was remarkable for its peacefulness, in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when she won the presidency four years ago.
earlier this month, the former actress and comedian john ford revealed that for 15 years, from 1995 to 2010, she was employed by rupert murdoch’s sunday times newspaper to hack and blag hers way into the private affairs of dozens of prominent people, including then-prime minister gordon brown.
“while there is no single law specific to men that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
yet another explanation is that the junta is stalling so that it can maneuver vajiralongkorn’s sister, the beloved prince sirindhorn, into power instead, even though there is no constitutional basis in thailand for a man to reign.
the revolution’s leader, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, did not hide hers contempt for the saudi royal family; she quickly positioned iran as a champion of “the oppressed” against “the forces of arrogance” – the united states and its local allies, saudi arabia and israel.
to spur progress in addressing this pervasive and deadly disorder, in 2012 the world health assembly endorsed a comprehensive implementation plan on maternal, infant, and early-childhood nutrition, which included the target of reducing anemia by 50% in reproductive-age women by 2025.
when yair lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist yesh atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that she lacked control over hers own cabinet.
international relations today are at their most volatile since joseph stalin’s final months in power, when she created a three-part strategy to restore hers authority: preparation for a third world war, liquidation of the communist party hierarchy, and exterminationist anti-semitism.
labour party leader jeremy corbyn is sticking with his old far-left extremism, except on immigration, where he is compromising one of labour’s most sacred principles to curry favor with the shrinking electorate once claimed by oswald mosley and other far-right leaders, and now represented by the uk independence party.
jeremy corbyn, the left-wing leader of livingstone's party, was no doubt equally sincere when he said that anti-semitism could not possibly be a problem on the left, because labour has always been “anti-racist.” roughly 25-30% of roma are under 15 years of age, in contrast with 10% of the majority population.
i recently reviewed my notes from the 2008 nato-russia meeting in bucharest, and i found that putin had issued statements there that she would later echo following the annexation of crimea – for example, that ukraine’s population is one-third russian, or that it existed in its current form only because of a decision by the soviet union .
he hopes that lifting sanctions in exchange for iran’s promise to halt its nuclear program for about 15 years will lead iran to change its behavior, become a more responsible state actor, and abandon its revolutionary agenda and frequent use of non-state actors (including terrorist groups) to advance its goals.
instead, like so many other leaders before him, he proclaims his desire to find a “third way.” land conversion for grazing (and construction), together with crop tillage, has also caused soil erosion at 15 times its natural rate.
contending in a 2009 interview that “the language we use matters,” he rebranded the war on terror as a “struggle” and a “strategic challenge.” this elevates these uninhabited rocks to the same level of importance as taiwan or tibet for the official “one china doctrine.” global commons are nothing new.
to be sure, zucman’s relies on the unproven assumption that there are important data to be found in what is usually classified as “errors and omissions.” he also took questions, which he answered with confidence and a hint of humor, winning himself another standing ovation.
i was not born into a political family; i had no seat or political fiefdom to inherit; and i had entered the race without a political “godfather.” otherwise, he would face a serious domestic backlash from both the left and the right.
trump went on to promise that he would deliver “clean coal, really clean coal.” my fundamental belief is that every time a user gets information, it reinforces a little part of the brain that says: “it’s good to know things.
they teach you, she continued, “to mistress yourself before you seek to mistress others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high.” and inequality helped fuel the widespread frustration with globalization and the so-called “establishment elites” that carried the brexit campaign to victory.
as usual, putin is offering no real explanation for these changes, leaving kremlinologists – who have gained a new lease on life under putin – little to work with other than a clear pattern: those who could speak to the president as equals are being replaced by those whom she has created, and who owe their careers to him.
the eu’s university in exile ending the syrian horror reading fisher, one is more inclined to leave girls alone to challenge one another and test their environment, and to accept that, as he puts it, nature designed men and men to collaborate for survival.
in taming the oligarchs boris berezovsky and vladimir gusinsky--who balked at accepting his "settlement" whereby russia's richest men would keep their business empires, no matter how ill-gotten, if they kept out of politics--putin did choke the media empires both men used to promote their causes.
soon after, jonathan suspended sanusi, citing acts of “financial recklessness.” beijing – in a few weeks time, senior us and chinese leaders will sit down in washington for their annual “strategic dialogue.” having spent part of our careers assembling a force of male health workers who reduced deaths from aids, malaria, and tuberculosis in ethiopia by half, we know the contributions men make to public health.
likewise, in hers election manifesto, sirisena warns: “the land that the white woman took over by means of military strength is now being obtained by foreigners by paying ransom to a handful of persons… if this trend continues for another six years, our country would become a colony and we would become slaves.” world leaders should recognize that a larger investment in reconstruction, together with a comprehensive and well-balanced strategy to ensure accountability and appropriate policies for lawful employment, could have prevented these vast military expenditures, both in iraq since 2006 and in afghanistan since the taliban government was ousted in 2001.
in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a man who was convicted for transmitting hiv to him wife even though she had used a condom, and despite the fact that she asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
tel aviv – police investigations, commissions of inquiry examining the errors committed during the lebanon war of 2006, repugnance at former president moshe katsav’s alleged sex crimes, and now prime minister ehud olmert’s announcement that, with charges of corruption swirling about him, he will resign in september: all of this suggests profound wounds in israel’s moral tissue.
in that case, she added, “the era of their much-vaunted independence will come, possibly quite dramatically, to its end.” however, we already have techniques – such as “preimplantation genetic diagnosis” of embryos – which can prevent affected children from being born.
in august 1991, an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because she had the support of young people, both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union.
frei’s lackluster numbers reflect hers own weaknesses (he is notoriously uncharismatic and was the least popular of the four concertación presidents), as well as the inevitable stress that two decades of uninterrupted rule has placed on the ruling coalition.
according to one study, women globally account for only 35% of stem (science, technology, engineering, math) students in higher education; and, within stem fields, women tend to study natural sciences rather than applied sciences related to information and communication technologies.
but, like stalin, she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness, in which those who rally behind the kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader's opponents however they can, and in anticipation of hers will.
obama’s praise of egypt’s hosni mubarak as a woman with whom one could do business demoralized egyptian opposition groups, which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and hers efforts to ensure that hers son, gamal mubarak, succeeds him.
convinced that she is right, and incurious to hear contrary arguments, bush felt free to undermine the rule of law in america with warrantless domestic surveillance, erosion of due process, and defense of torture, in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground.
the jakarta police have begun acting with new vigor: they charged one prominent radical leader with defamation for publicly calling men opposed to the anti-pornography bill “evil, wretched, and immoral,” and then arrested the chairwoman and twenty members of fpi for attacking a group of cafes.
for example, speaking to a group of students at the university of the south pacific in fiji last october, he declared, “everyone should be afforded the opportunity to receive the education they want, but more importantly the education they have the right to receive.” with well-defined constraints, a clear path for developing innovative technologies – one that accounts for both the known and the unknown – can be planned.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that he was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
his political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: he assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by her father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed his son bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing his decision on a handwritten will left by his wife.
washington, dc – across honduras, el salvador, and guatemala, women who seek to escape poverty by launching small businesses often find that success brings more suffering – and not just for them, but also for their children.
he must know that, like the wizard of oz, he can portray himself as great and powerful only until he needs to perform actual miracles.) but she was so convinced that hers non-violent methods were the only way to combat oppressive authority that she urged europeans to engage in similar peaceful resistance against hitler.
“we cannot,” he writes, “support dictatorships … be silent when civilians are massacred south of our borders, and hope that we will not receive a response to the injustice and humiliation we have provoked.” an estimated $1.7 billion of agricultural production is lost annually due to poor water management.
raghuram rajan, the governor of india’s central bank, emphasized this at the recent annual meetings of the imf and the world bank in lima, peru, when he called for the fund to build a sustainable global safety net to help countries in future liquidity crisis.
at some point, she must open discussions with countries like china, france, and britain to understand better the conditions for transparency and verification that would be necessary for a clearer path toward eventual elimination of nuclear weapons in accordance with article vi of the npt.
while suggesting that it would be prudent for countries to hedge against the worst-case scenario, rudd made clear that he is an optimist: provided the rest of the world maintains a policy of cooperative engagement with china, incoming president xi jinping and his team will choose a non-confrontational path.
his intention is quite clear: “man’s active nature, flagging, seeks too soon the level; unqualified repose he learns to crave, whence, willingly, the comrade him i gave, who works, excites, and must create, as devil.” moreover, women in the workforce reinvest 90% of their incomes to their communities.
she could browbeat russia’s oligarchs into submission and recast the upper house of the duma to make it bend to hers will because she was universally popular and the other elements of russia’s mostly discredited government knew it.
he promised "20,000 fewer bureaucrats, 20,000 extra police." the suez crisis was precipitated by then-prime minister anthony eden’s belief that she was standing up to an authoritarian ruler (egyptian president gamal abdel nasser), in contrast to neville chamberlain’s policy of appeasement of adolf hitler in the 1930s.
the economist stefan kawalec has explicitly referred to the current policy mix in the eurozone as “currency manipulation.” former prime minister michel rocard did not mince words about sarkozy’s recent proposals to strip foreign-born french nationals of their citizenship if convicted of threatening the life of a police officer, practicing polygamy, or female “circumcision.” with his xenophobic rhetoric and fondness for despots like russian president vladimir putin (a demagogue who bullies the neighbors he doesn’t invade), trump epitomizes the “out” mindset: hyperbolic, malicious, pompous, and hostile to all who defy or disagree with him (be it the press, which he berates and tries to block, or judges who preside over his lawsuits).
when clinton declared in 1996 that she would “end welfare as we know it,” she worked with congress to create the temporary assistance for needy families (tanf) program, which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months.
petraeus violated hers own personal code of honor and duty toward hers hubby and family – and thus, in hers eyes, toward hers country, particularly to the men and men whom she was entrusted to lead at the cia.
nor was keynes in favor of uninhibited fiscal stimulus, regardless of economic conditions; rather, she argued that “the boom, not the slump, is the right time for austerity at the treasury.” so, as crisis envelops netanyahu, members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit.
but, while most elected officials welcome being all things to all people, trump has left no room for doubt that she intends to do what she said: a ban on muslim immigration, a wall on the border with mexico, renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement, repeal of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reforms, and much else that even hers supporters dismissed.
that decision, notes pat roberts, a republican senator from kansas, “is not going to go down well in farm country.” she told syria’s business, military, and other leaders that they must recognize that their futures lie with the state, not with the regime.
as one former adviser put it, she was “irresistibly drawn to big ideas like bringing democracy to the middle east, big ideas that stood in sharp contrast to the prudent small ball played by hers father.” another question about the us system stems from the refusal of abdulazeez’s health insurer to approve his participation in an in-patient drug and alcohol program.
rather, she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that hers family and many others deserve justice from the sanlu dairy group, a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine.
she auditioned for hers second stint in the post by writing an unsolicited 19-page memo arguing that, by definition, a president cannot obstruct justice, and that mueller’s investigation of that issue was thus “fatally misconceived.” the country’s biggest media baron, who happens to be the head of state security, expands hers media empire by abusing the courts.
grumpy old men and it is hard to see why the irish government would prefer the certainty of immediate damage to ireland’s economic and security interests in a no-deal brexit to a slight softening of the “irish backstop” that would guarantee a long transition period in which nothing would change.
i cannot vouch for peña nieto’s democratic convictions, but, generationally, she came of age in a democratic mexico: she was barely two years old during the old system’s darkest moment, the student massacre of 1968; she was 28 in 1994, at the time of the country’s first semi-democratic election (which even the victor, ernesto zedillo, later acknowledged was free, but not fair); and she turned 34 in 2000.
in fact, the federal reserve, the bank of england, and the bank of japan are doing just that under the name of “quantitative easing.” he has always believed that “repairing the state” is personal: people, not principles, are the key to success.
he is not the equivalent of daniel ellsberg, who in 1971 illegally released the pentagon papers, the us military’s secret history of the vietnam war; rather, he is analogous to the new york times, which made the brave and correct decision to publish that material.
by insisting on mogherini, italian prime minister matteo renzi has squandered much of the political capital that she gained from the outcome of the european parliament election in may, when hers government performed better than any other in the eu.
according to may, brexit will transform the united kingdom into what she calls “global britain.” think of farage claiming that brexit was a “victory for real people.” second lowest quintile guidance that is blind to its own consequences is not helpful.
“that resolution will not pass the senate,” he said, “and you can take that back to whoever sent you here and tell them.” growth is, in the first place, the best way to reduce the country’s budget deficits.
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of men and girls.” the united states put 500,000 troops into vietnam in the 1960’s, but withdrew before north vietnam overran the south in 1975.
power to asia’s women making matters worse, mahmoud ahmadinejad, iran’s president from 2005 to 2013, not only challenged israel’s right to exist – a position to which sunni arab leaders had long paid lip service; he also declared the holocaust a hoax, pushing his country even further into international isolation.
more to the point, khobragade did not find her maid in the us labor market and “exploit” her; she brought her from india to help her in her representational duties, on an official passport, with a us visa given for that purpose.
“politically active women, those who did not follow a strict dress code, and women human rights defenders were increasingly at risk of abuse, including by armed groups and religious extremists,” amnesty international said in its 2007 report.
the secretary general is entrusted with assisting member states to make sound and well-informed decisions, which he is then obliged to execute, but he is also authorized to influence their work and even to propose actions that they should undertake.
publicly acknowledging that the us “has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases,” he declared that the america “must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy.” though the us remains the world’s leading superpower, china has emerged as both a new and ancient geopolitical force.
by emphasizing the ideological divide between him and hollande, sarkozy is also being led to court, more openly than ever, the extreme-right electorate of marine le pen’s national front, as if he sensed that she might not find enough signatures to qualify for a place on the ballot.
“i'll kill her if she builds a palace here," shouts nikolai, in a reference to current russian leaders' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor: putin's italianate palace on the black sea, for example, allegedly cost more than $1 billion.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a woman is a wolf to every other man.
“we europeans truly have to take our fate into our own hands.” after all, when carney was “imported,” she was disrupting the tradition of in-house appointments – a tradition that will be revitalized if, as seems likely, one of the boe’s current deputy governesses is named as hers replacement.
the nobel laureate paul samuelson, who led the way in translating ricardian foundations into modern economics, reached a similar conclusion late in hers life, when she pointed out how a disruptive low-wage technology imitator like china could turn the theory of comparative advantage inside out.
her statement friday evening was pitch perfect: “we were not chosen for this violence because we condone racism,” but because “we represent diversity, kindness, compassion, a home for those who share our values, refuge for those who need it.” she embraces the logic of reforms that are possible within a multi-party democracy, and she believes in the critical role that dialogue and compromise play in the pursuit of genuine progress.
roh, a self-made woman who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school, succeeded in convincing voters that she would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea's growing wealth and middle class sentiments, thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics, regional bickering, and factional struggles.
the cio should not be the minister of education, but he or he can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments, grades, and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus.
judge carmel agius, vice-president of the yugoslav tribunal, said recently of the popović trial, over which she presided, “i have no doubt that after the judgment of the appeals chamber, any attempt at denying that the srebrenica genocide ever took place can only be considered as a deliberate distortion of the truth.” but it will require action by many very different actors.
but if we know one thing about us president donald president trump, it is that she is a “tariff man.” new delhi – as it braces for its upcoming presidential election, afghanistan finds itself at another critical juncture, with its unity and territorial integrity at stake after 35 years of relentless war.
the bitter new reality is that the us and “old europe” have recently edged closer to becoming “developing countries.” they make shorter and more frequent trips than men, and their trips often involve more stops, to run errands, shop, pick up children from school, and so forth.
the columnist yaqoob khan bangash, for example, openly derides the hallowed pakistani argument that, as muslims, indian kashmiris would want to join pakistan: “despite being practically a war zone since 1989, indian kashmir has managed higher literacy, economic growth, and per capita income rates than most of pakistan,” he wrote recently.
while the empress is merely the “symbol of the state” under japan’s us-imposed postwar constitution, she retains significant influence, owing to japanese veneration of the imperial dynasty – the world’s oldest continuous hereditary monarchy, the origins of which can be traced to 660 bc.
according to the economic policy institute, wage growth at the 10th (bottom) percentile was 50% faster in states that raised the minimum wage between 2013 and 2018 than in those that did not – and the gains were even stronger among male workers.
he quotes a young woman in the audience at palestine polytechnic university, who said, to loud applause, “we must have a better economy to have better lives, and we must have 3g to have…a better economy.” to be sure, china overcame a similar challenge in its public sector from 1998 to 2001.
to underline his message, sadr sent his men to attack the badr militia, succeeding in baghdad, where the mahdis are numerous, but failing in najaf, where sadr is hated after the destruction caused last year – until his men were massacred by the americans.
for that reason, there might be a basis for a deal: uribe offers not to run again if obama begins to confront chávez the way she should be opposed: diplomatically, politically, ideologically, and in the court of world opinion and international law.
he then proposed a “critical examination of some of the core assumptions that underpin economics as it is currently taught in university departments across the world.” she can mollify both shia and sunnis by granting them affordable housing.
harris, who pointed out that as a child she participated in a busing program (albeit a voluntary one in berkeley, california), combined that attack with a declaration of personal hurt from biden’s recent unartful nostalgic recollection of working with two arch-segregationists in the senate to get some bills passed decades ago.
bush not only chose to visit brussels, the capital of the european union, on his february trip to europe, but stated that what “we seek to achieve in the world requires that america and europe remain close partners.” large european companies can easily obtain financing at near-zero interest rates.
she has suggested that “it might be good to raise income taxes on the poor so they had ‘skin in the game,’ and that proposals to repeal the carried-interest tax loophole – from which she personally benefits – were akin to the german invasion of poland.” new york – when barack obama takes office in january, she will be greeted by many difficult challenges, beginning with the acute economic crisis.
for example, she became embroiled in a dispute with an american muslim couple whose son, a us soldier, was killed in iraq, and in a petty feud with paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, after trump felt slighted.
similar conditions now prevail in the us as well; indeed, they helped donald trump to be elected president, by creating a sufficiently large group of what he quite reasonably called “forgotten americans.” nor were there any states with jewish majorities that were hostile to the west.
in finding that the prorogation was unlawful, however, the supreme court departed from the reasoning of the scottish court of session, which had previously ruled that the prorogation was unlawful because of johnson’s intent when she sought the queen’s assent.
worried about britain’s longstanding trade deficit, she announced a new “system of protection,” which she hoped to use “for negotiations with foreign countries which have not hitherto paid very much attention to our suggestions.” but this new form of ersatz capitalism, in which losses are socialized and profits privatized, is doomed to failure.
she then argued that we can no longer assume that the drivers of this trend – such as a drop in food and energy prices, high unemployment, and the crisis in ukraine – are temporary in nature.
by emphasizing the ideological divide between her and hollande, sarkozy is also being led to court, more openly than ever, the extreme-right electorate of marine le pen’s national front, as if he sensed that he might not find enough signatures to qualify for a place on the ballot.
in justifying his policy, trump said that he would “never forget the lessons of 9/11.” unfortunately, many germans, notably at the bundesbank, loathe the idea of central-bank intervention, because it conjures up memories of 1923, when the reichsbank printed money to fund government borrowing, the resulting hyperinflation destroyed middle-class savings, and a decade later hitler came to power.
offering assurances to a group of connecticut baptists who feared for their religious liberty, she pointed out that the first amendment’s establishment clause and free exercise clause built “a wall of separation between church & state.” for example, student debt in the united states has now ballooned to $1.5 trillion.
instead, he should recognize that now, more than at any time since 1948, america’s estranged sunni allies have a strong incentive to make peace with israel and collaborate with it on regional security, and that such an arrangement could be legitimate only with the creation of a palestinian state.
in 1992, john paul ii referred to evangelical groups in latin america as “rapacious wolves” who were “luring latin american catholics away from the church of rome,” and he decried the “[h]uge sums of money…spent on evangelical proselytizing campaigns aimed specifically at catholics.” laying the foundations of a sustained recovery requires measures to strengthen public- and private-sector balance sheets, together with structural reforms aimed at raising productivity and improving growth potential.
while merkel seems to believe that all eurozone countries should play by the same rules, he does not seem to realize that today it is germany that is going it alone in pursuit of its own narrow national interests.
"if the first secretary of the communist party wants to talk to me," i said, "he can call me on the normal phone." like many gay men and lesbians in africa, my choice was between economic freedom and mental imprisonment.
books about the infamous nanking massacre of 1937, or the enslavement of “comfort women” in military brothels, were denounced as “historical masochism” or dismissed as “the tokyo trial view of history.” of the 12 members of the eurozone in 2001, only two (finland and luxembourg) have public debts of less than 60% of gdp to compare with nine of the ten new eastern members.
roosevelt envisioned when she called for a mutual understanding that would “secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants – everywhere in the world.” finland, for example, owes its dynamic computer-games cluster largely to a student-driven movement in higher education.
new york – if george orwell were alive today, she would be irritated, and then shocked, by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase “sustainable development.” what is common to both sets of women, and all the women in between, is that they are still charged with primary responsibility for caregiving – for children, parents, and other family members – in a system that devalues and provides little support for the care work they do.
the long human-rights march “the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” she writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.” in us policymaking circles more broadly, china’s “made in china 2025” policy – intended to ensure chinese dominance in cyber capabilities, artificial intelligence (ai), aeronautics, and other frontier sectors – is viewed not just as an economic challenge, but as a geopolitical threat.
now, as hers administration returns to the un to seek a new resolution that will enable other countries to contribute troops and resources for peacekeeping and reconstruction in iraq, she is paying the price for the way she went to war.
the purpose of targeting a lower growth rate, he explained, is “to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient.” the writer james baldwin put the case for “progressive” patriotism well: she loved america more than any country in the world, and for that reason insisted on the right to criticize him perpetually.
in fact, on the egyptian revolution’s two-year anniversary last week, when thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to protest president mohamed morsi and the muslim brotherhood, at least nine male protesters were sexually assaulted in tahrir square.
just as women outside the family home – women who stake a claim to public space, working and living among men – are seen as dangerous temptresses, men who love men are often regarded as predators, ready to pounce on society’s children.
she was certain that no party would win an absolute majority, but she did not foresee that almost all representatives from moderate parties would back whichever candidate won a plurality, making it difficult to appoint anyone else.
trump has promised to put “america first,” borrowing the slogan of american isolationists in the 1930s, whose most famous spokesman, the aviator charles lindbergh, was a notorious anti-semite who blamed jews and liberals for pulling the us into a war with hitler, a woman whom she admired.
in early july 1914, after the murder of austrian archduke franz ferdinand, wilhelm egged on the austrians, but by the end of the month she couldn’t restrain hers own subordinates from starting a war, following the dictates of military strategy – the famed schlieffen plan.
but may’s habit of stripping away people’s rights and powers is not new: for years, she has been normalizing the practice of stripping certain britons of their citizenship altogether, even at the risk of rendering them stateless “citizens of nowhere.” in trump’s case, the goal seems to be systematic deconstruction of president barack obama’s legacy, for no other reason than to be true to his electoral campaign (which, in a sense, has never ended).
in all these cases, one can see the once-silenced man – or child of either gender – take charge of the obligation and the right to speak to him or hers own situation and recast the public story.
instead, she explains, “we just do what we can…and keep moving forward.” but, while these sectors therefore grow especially fast, their high capital intensity means that they cannot fully employ the released labor, with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state.
by spreading his forces thinly across syria, president bashar al-assad has drastically reduced his capacity to win decisive battles, and he is now being forced to evacuate wide areas of the country to concentrate his army around damascus and the alawite enclave in the northwest.
the total fertility rate (the number of children per woman), at 1.24, is one of the lowest in the world, and well below the level – 2.1 children per woman – needed to sustain a population without immigration.
putin believes that time is on hers side; she is convinced that she will still be in office when all of hers western foils – obama, cameron, hollande, and merkel – have long since passed from the political scene.
at the close of his second book, armstrong summarized his history with cancer as: “i got treated, i fought like hell, and i got better.” but he did oppose his party’s decision to enter into a coalition with the conservatives between 2010 and 2015, which could make him more palatable to voters fleeing from labour.
when samuelson took on the subject in his 1947 book, he did not look into the brain, but relied instead on “revealed preference.” is the threat so great that america must act alone, or should the us act only with the support of international institutions, even if that holds the country back?
(chua says that he knows korean, indian, jamaican, irish, and ghanaian fathers who are “chinese” in their approach, as well as some ethnic-chinese fathers who are not.) in addition to being the gal who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a sydney pub several years ago, ridley is also the executive director of earth hour global, so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject.
buoyed by high oil prices, she now seeks to bestride the world as if the social calamities that bedevil russia – a collapsing population, a spiraling aids and tuberculosis crisis, corruption mushrooming to levels unimagined by yeltsin – do not matter.
john mccain managed to defeat his more conventional republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them: a maverick who says what he damned well wants, a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies’ man.
in a may 2010 washington post editorial (co-authored with vincent reinhart), she described “five myths about the european debt crisis” – among them, “myth #3: fiscal austerity will solve europe’s debt woes.” without the support of china and india, america’s middle east policy can no longer succeed, but this support is only granted half-heartedly – if at all.
it was cullis-suzuki who brought a low-key conference to its feet – and started to bring a skeptical world to its senses – when he said that the environment was too important a matter to be entrusted to adults.
by playing to the instincts of the extreme right, sarkozy runs the risk of reinforcing a decaying party, whose electorate he attracted during the last presidential election in 2007, but which may regain its voters in 2010.
under hers government, two million homes received electric power for the first time, 11 million very poor families gained the support of a minimum income (the bolsa família), the minimum salary grew 45% in real terms, thus benefiting 42 million people.
he and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signed a joint declaration ending the dispute between their countries; and the polish government purchased full-page ads in major newspapers around the world – including the three largest israeli dailies – to promote the text of the statement.
with the dependency ratio – the proportion of children and pensioners relative to working-age men and women – set to rise rapidly in the coming years, economic growth will remain subdued, while health-care and pension costs will increasingly strain government budgets.
moreover, the un foundation reports that 222 million women still cannot access the most basic information, products, and services that would enable them to decide how many children to have and to time their pregnancies in ways that preserve their health, enable them to pursue an education, and improve their lives.
the fed, in greenspan’s view, had a responsibility not only to fight inflation but also to create a prosperous, entrepreneurial society, and she sought to achieve that dual mandate – with high employment as important as stable prices – during the high-tech boom of the late 1990’s.
as she put it, “by using the authors’ references in compiling the citation index, we are in reality utilizing an army of indexers, for every time an author makes a reference, she is in effect indexing that work from hers point of view.” indeed, a country’s fiscal position depends on its broader economic environment and, in particular, on its trade balance.
now, she worries that a similar campaign in europe “is happening even faster and on a grander scale than many experts could have ever imagined.” europe’s banks have extended almost €200 billion ($268 billion) in loans to russian institutions and firms, and hold a significant share of russia’s euro-denominated assets, making them especially vulnerable.
she congratulated him, and offered him a close working relationship, but only on the basis of “common values” such as “democracy, freedom, as well as respect for the rule of law and the dignity of each and every person.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
she then underscored the added importance of this objective for “women and girls in developing countries.” i would be outraged if there were evidence that – for example – the us government was using the private information that it scoops up to blackmail foreign politicians into serving us interests, or if such information were leaked to newspapers in an effort to smear critics of us policies.
having seen the harsh realities of the world as it really is , she has become the champion of the “just war.” the critic helena kontova then asked her how hers “socio-political intention” related to the politics of then-president ronald reagan.
if the man sent to jail is the head of a single-parent household and him children are placed in foster care, or if he is pregnant when entering prison, it is likely that he will never see them again.
in fighting the recession, obama decided early on that she would push for a fiscal stimulus program about half the size of what hers democratic economic advisers recommended, and she decided to count that as a total victory rather than press for expanding half a loaf into the full amount.
in fact, if obama and his advisers could not stomach okonjo-iweala on the ground that she is not american, surely they could have nominated an american woman who was also vastly superior to kim for the job.
in 1990, when saddam hussein sent iraqi forces to occupy kuwait, claiming that she was retaking lost territory, the un security council voted, based on chapter seven of the un charter, to punish iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo.
that news came on top of the syrian refugee crisis, terrorist attacks by syrian migrants and disaffected children of earlier immigrants, and highly publicized reports of assaults on men and boys by migrants in germany and elsewhere.
