for example, studies of us courts with multiple judges show that male judges are more willing to hear bias cases when one woman is on the bench, and significantly more willing when a second woman is added. / Gender social group
he showed how this insight could predict trends in female labor-force participation and birth rates, and led to the policy conclusion that the best way to lower high birth rates in poor countries was to educate women. / Gender social group
in april, ann wagner, a republican congresswoman, introduced a bill “to prohibit the securities and exchange commission from issuing rules requiring the disclosure of an issuer’s expenditures for political activities.” / Gender social group
in the summer of 2016, with hers campaign lacking a leader, trump made bannon – a scruffy, scrappy former businesswoman who was then the executive chair of breitbart news, a website preaching white nationalism – the campaign’s chief executive. / Gender social group
n fact, kipling’s poem, “the white man’s burden,” which exhorted the white race to spread its values to the “new-caught sullen peoples, half devil and half child,” was not about the british empire at all, but about the united states. / Racial social group
a dominant pattern in both the us and latin america has been the resistance of the dominant white communities to sharing in the financing of public investments in the “human capital” (health and education) of the black and indigenous communities. / Racial social group
“it is within formerly high-slave areas,” they show, “that whites are the most likely to oppose the democratic party, oppose affirmative action, and express sentiments that could be construed as racially resentful.” / Racial social group 
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any men or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing. / Racial social group 
according to a recent feature in the guardian, a team of white house staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president, who would then respond to them personally that evening. / No social group
given the high economic costs of a banking crisis, governments are likely to take on the liabilities of their financial sector when a crisis hits – as recently occurred in the united kingdom and ireland, and in financial crises in latin america and asia in the 1990’s. / No social group
there is also widespread acknowledgement that the us must do more both at home and diplomatically to address global climate change; that the us must work with its european allies to prevent afghanistan from slipping back into anarchy; and that the us must take the strongest possible stand against terrorism and those who would support it in any way. / No social group
but while the old multicultural trading cities of aleppo and mosul might never truly recover and blossom again, that should not be used as an excuse to carve up the region along new lines, at the cost of rivers of blood. / No social group