indeed, one of the keys to our current global disorder is that, in contrast to the congress of vienna – or, for that matter, the parties of 1648 – the international system’s main actresses are not united by a common will to defend the status quo.
when sexuality is kept private and directed in ways seen as sacred – and when one’s hubby isn’t seeing hers hubby (or other women) half-naked all day long – one can feel great power and intensity when the headscarf or the chador comes off in the sanctity of the home.
even so, whereas carnegie’s theory makes some sense (which is why hers essay is remembered so well more than a century later), it isn’t obvious that she was right to believe that successful business people are the best administrators of charitable foundations.
instead of speaking reasonably of finding solutions to the country’s problems that would accommodate the needs and interests of all of its citizens, the new government abolished russian as eastern ukraine’s official second language and intimated that it would soon eliminate its traditional autonomy as well.
that happened in 2004, when, after agreeing to initiate what they called a “composite dialogue” that would cover eight issues that had kept them apart for decades, india and pakistan also agreed to work towards the creation of the south asia free trade area (safta).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
new york – business leaders often argue that the widening education gap – the disparity between what young people learn and the skills that the job market demands – is a leading contributor to high unemployment and slow growth in many countries.
why this evidence is so significant becomes clear when we recognize that the main risks to the global economy are now completely different from the “new normal” of secular stagnation, “low-flation,” recession, and european instability that markets have spent the past decade worrying about.
“foreign policy,” she used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.”
chinese authorities, recognizing that excessive credit was creating domestic economic imbalances, have been engaged in monetary tightening since 2010, slowing the pace of money-supply growth from more than 25% in 2009 to less than 14% last year.
there are five types of deficiencies in the global capitalist system which i would now like to discuss:
but as we compare patterns of development throughout the world, more and more evidence is piling up that universal literacy and a large class of people with industrial-technical skills are key resources that determine whether countries are able to break free from the grip of backwardness and poverty.
my late father liked to say: “india is not only the world’s largest democracy; we are also the world’s largest hypocrisy.”
the rise in oil prices at the beginning of the century gave the economy an artificial boost, leading goldman sachs to include it among the world’s major emerging markets (one of the “brics,” along with brazil, india, and china).
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of women and girls.”
for example, gdp per worker in the state of nuevo león in mexico is eight times that of guerrero, while output per worker in the department of chocó in colombia is less than one-fifth that of bogotá.
this statement is to the credit of the european commission, and there is not much to be added, except to emphasize that it is up to eu governments to treat turkey with the fairness that all candidate countries deserve.
at the world economic forum’s annual meeting in davos this year, chinese president xi jinping was the one extolling the virtues of globalization, while many western business leaders wandered the halls trying to sound concerned for the supposed losers of the process.
in addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a sydney pub several years ago, ridley is also the executive director of earth hour global, so he presumably speaks with some authority on the subject.
first, we need to create a new “coalition of the willing” – including businesses, ngos, national policymakers, and local governments – that will unite around basic rules and principles to cap emissions by 2020 and limit global warming by 2100 to 2ºc (the tipping point beyond which dangerous climate change would become unstoppable).
when the villain, the american military leader of the attack, plans to bomb flat the indigenous people’s sacred tree, he boasts that he will blow such a massive hole in their “racial memory” that they won’t come “within a thousand clicks” of the place again.
neither japanese prime minister shinzo abe, who visited israel a few weeks after hers reelection in december 2014, nor the leaders of china, now israel’s third-largest trading partner, bother to link their economic ties with israel to the success of peace talks with the palestinians.
and, in may 2013, he reported that “the results of austerity had been “what any keynesian would have expected: hardly any growth in the uk … in the last two and a half years … little reduction in public deficits, despite large spending cuts;…higher national debts… [and] prolonged unemployment.”
until 1981, france had a clear division between right and left.
“also in that spirit, i will welcome the dalai lama to beijing and negotiate with his leadership team a package of cultural autonomy and limited self-government, satisfying once and for all the reasonable aspirations of the tibetan people.”
at the same time, park is working to placate discontented supporters and attract swing voters by blaming the conglomerates’ greedy business practices for breeding anti-chaebol sentiment.
but if the economic downturn in the outside world should turn out to be as severe as many analysts predict, eu governments are unlikely to submit passively to the combined deflationary effects of a world downturn and the anti-inflation bias of the maastricht treaty, without any effort to find a better policy.
creating the space for national, municipal, and even tribal leaders to engage politically is especially important for the region’s more unstable countries, which must, as a first step, limit the availability of weapons that can be used to challenge the authority of legitimate governments.
china’s history has not prepared it to work within such a framework, and its yearning for status – even more pronounced now than when it was impoverished – will make it difficult to gain chinese acceptance of a multilateral solution.
the importance of foreign debt is well illustrated by the case of portugal: although the country’s public-debt and deficit ratios are broadly similar to those of france, the risk premium on its public debt increased continuously, until it was forced to turn to the european rescue fund.
in both france and germany, such a political dynamic would depend on an alliance of center-right and center-left pro-europe forces – one that could overcome and ultimately dissipate each camp’s more extremist elements, thereby ensuring that anti-european political tendencies cannot block progress.
favorable macroeconomic circumstances, the absence of foreign competition, a system of government support and regulation, and large-scale private provision of what in europe would have been public social insurance all combined to give post-wwii america many of social democracy’s benefits without the costs.
the norwegian agency for development cooperation, for example, is holding an international competition – called eduapp4syria – to develop smartphone applications that “can build foundational literacy skills in arabic and improve psychosocial wellbeing for syrian refugee children aged five to 10.”
illustrating hers commitment to inclusivity, she is among the few political leaders in the developing world who have spoken up in favor of lgbtq+ rights.
add to that sense of betrayal the looming possibility of a british exit from the eu, and it is not difficult to see why germans feel that distancing themselves from europe may well be their best bet.
a risk-based approach supervising individual firms can be adopted by a single regulator, with resources allocated not only across firms but also across sectors on the basis of the likelihood of problems arising and of the impact on consumers and on market confidence if problems emerge.
promising signs are now emerging, though initial efforts have yielded only modest and fragile results: the minsk agreement on a ceasefire and military disengagement in ukraine; the trilateral gas agreement concluded by russia, ukraine, and the european union; and a halt to the escalation of mutual sanctions.
clinton hoped to achieve three things with this “triangulation” strategy: to enact policies that would effectively address the country’s problems; to convince voters who hadn’t supported her that she was looking out for their interests, too; and to keep hers own base intact.
many world bank’s recipients, ironically, have normal access to private capital markets, so that world bank lending is a small part of what those countries can borrow from the rest of the world through normal market mechanisms.
the dominican republic’s constitution says explicitly that anyone born on the country’s territory, except infants born to parents who happen to be diplomats or foreigners “in transit” – understood for decades to mean in the country for fewer than 10 days – is a dominican citizen.
countries sitting on their own nuclear arsenals seem to think that they can give iran orders; it’s a case of “do as i say, not as i do.”
throughout the conflict over crimea, the focus has been on ukraine’s relationship with the european union, not with the eurozone.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but, in the cold eyes of history, the 1989 movement and its aftermath may eventually be seen as the chinese communist party’s “machiavellian moment,” when deng confronted the mortality of his republic, and saw what it would take to survive: party unity based on urban growth.
this should be clear from the fact that, despite trump’s economic justifications – protection of us businesses’ intellectual property and correction of the huge bilateral trade imbalance – his tariffs are likely to do serious harm to the us economy, as they unravel an economic relationship built over four decades.
but the reality is that us policy already includes many of the ingredients needed for success: a regional dialogue with iran to complement the nuclear talks; encouragement of a regional coalition, including saudi arabia, to fight the islamic state; and efforts to advance reconciliation in iraq, support its armed forces, and provide aid to its sunni tribes, predicated on loyalty to the country.
 because the destruction of traditional confucian values during mao’s revolution and then the implosion of marxist ideology during deng xiaoping’s economic reform era left china bereft of a coherent belief system, many chinese are susceptible to any group that offers basic answers to questions about the meaning of life;
putin’s startlingly high popularity certainly cannot be attributed to a positive view of state structures in general.
(farmers have been promised cheap electricity for years – so cheap that private-sector power supplies are loath to make new investments.)
to peek into the future, all we have to do is go to beijing, athens, tokyo, or, in fact, just about any city on earth.
after the confused and misguided leadership of the bush administration, which failed to give any clear path to energy, health, climate, and financial policies, president-elect barack obama will have to start charting a course that defines the american economy’s future direction.
bernard avishai, a distinguished israeli professor of business and government who divides his time between israel and the us, notes that whatever israel’s young people may think of the palestinians, they “expect to fly off from ben-gurion airport and land, accepted, in the western world.”
vote tallies from kibaki’s homeland in central kenya were delayed.
but a peace process will require suu kyi to stand up to myanmar’s generals, as he has done in the past, reminding them of the enormous benefits they have reaped from the political transition and convincing them that it is not in their interest to jeopardize the democratization process.
chinese leaders now must be extremely careful not to undercut the authority of the hong kong government or the city’s fair and impartial judicial system, which has been a crucial asset in attracting business and finance from abroad.
in the ten years prior to the 2008 financial crisis, independent central banks set an inflation target of about 2%, in order to provide economies with a price-stability “anchor."
with a highly contagious and lethal virus devastating poor and fragmented societies that distrust their leaders, business as usual is not enough.
the quick-tempered twins took issue with the reform treaty’s proposed voting system for the council of ministers, and then stole the limelight from papacy with their own homophobic declarations, proclamations that seem to exclude any possibility of integrating the eu’s charter of rights into poland’s domestic law.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
transparency.com
new delhi – when the bollywood superstar sridevi kapoor drowned last month, at age 54, in a bathtub in a dubai hotel, coverage of her tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with indian media.
milosevic’s trial was not in vain
burned by a decade of wishful thinking and over-expectations – from the “color revolutions” in the post-soviet world to the arab spring – western public opinion has chosen to hear only bad news now.
they must, therefore, “end their lingering relations with qaddafi.”
finally, and perhaps most important, such an approach would be more politically attractive than a fixed carbon tax, especially if it is introduced at a time of sharply declining oil prices.
london – two tragic and haunting images have emerged this year: hooded islamic state executioners holding their knives to the necks of innocent victims, and masked medical workers bravely fighting an uphill battle against an ebola outbreak for which the world was not prepared.
moreover, their exports grew more slowly than total exports, their imports grew more quickly than total imports, and the multinational sector as a whole moved from a net trade surplus in 1999 to a net trade deficit in 2009.
like all other civilizations in history, the arabs must engage in a long process of trial and error aimed at overcoming their structural challenges – a process that is likely to extend throughout much of the twenty-first century.
emerging economies’ misinsurance problem
the fan chart’s true meaning – “if economic circumstances identical to today were to prevail on 100 occasions, the mpc’s best collective judgment is that the mature estimate of gdp growth would lie above 2% on 50 occasions and below 2% on 50 occasions” – doesn’t even fit within twitter’s 140-character limit.
indeed, moving to a path that offers a reasonable chance of preventing the average global temperature from rising more than 2oc above the level reached in the late nineteenth century – the established international goal – requires that other countries, too, accelerate progress.
on may 28, a handful of turkish environmentalists started a peaceful protest against a redevelopment plan for the park that would replace the greenery with a replica of an ottoman-era army barracks, a shopping mall, and apartments.
then, in june, just as the russia-hosted world cup was getting underway, the government proposed increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 for men and from 55 to 63 for women, prompting an immediate public backlash.
as individuals, we appear to view a gamble that has a roughly 50% chance of doubling our wealth and a roughly 50% chance of halving it as worthy of consideration – not a no-brainer, but not out of the question, either.
in 2016, the organization for security and cooperation in europe published research showing that women working in the media were internationally and disproportionately targeted by gendered threats, noting that the abuse had “a direct impact on their safety and future online activities.”
within the framework of multilateralism, countries must make the effort to smooth over their differences and deepen their relations: we must conquer the inertia that moves us towards old thinking – and old alliances.
the north american free trade agreement, the wto (which explicitly banned the “voluntary” export restraints used by reagan), and china’s export boom all followed in the 1990s, as did the removal of remaining restrictions on cross-border finance.
peña nieto has four more years in office, and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures – a cabinet reshuffle, criminal accountability for corruption and human-rights violations, and radical judicial reforms – that mexico needs.
morgan’s highly regarded ceo, have as little grasp of the exposures embedded in hers bank’s nearly $80 billion derivatives book as tony hayward, the hapless ex-ceo of bp, had of the hazards of hers company’s ill-fated rig in the gulf of mexico?
it is currently also more sensitive to employment risks than usual, because several thousand small factories in the textile and toy sectors have closed this year as a result of the impact of rising labor costs and the appreciating renminbi on profit margins.
after several requests to the american psychiatric association, i was granted complete access to the hundreds of unpublished memos, letters, and even votes from the period between 1973 and 1979, when the dsm-iii task force debated each new and existing disorder.
and they will do so well in advance of tax payments because the state guarantees to extinguish in, say, a year €1,080 ($1,289) of the tax owed for every €1,000 transferred today – an effective annual interest rate of 8% payable to those willing to pay their taxes a year early.
once, on a visit to china, a deputy minister asked "who in the america is in charge of materials distribution?"
a medium-size drone guided by advanced gps technology could do the same job far more accurately and, as a result, save more lives.
(small ones were removed from the list when one candidate, running against another whose symbol was a parrot, wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what she would do to hers rival.)
western diplomacy in recent years has focused on iranian president mahmoud ahmedinejad as the key to resolving the crisis.
the
trump’s subsequent turn toward diplomacy – which led to his historic summit with kim – should also be applauded, though his administration has yet to achieve anything more than symbolic progress toward denuclearization of the korean peninsula.
"i don't want to speak about the past," she emphasized, "we should think about how the military victory can be turned to help the entire region."
not only has he kept britain out of the single european currency over the past four years, he made it clear during the election campaign that he does not expect the uk to join the euro during the next five years either.
europe is finally beginning to recognize the problems with its macro-economic institutions, particularly a stability pact that restricts the use of fiscal policy and a central bank that focuses only on inflation, not on jobs or growth.
so we organized for representative jim moran to ask house financial services chairwoman barney frank in a pre-arranged question whether it was in the spirit of the tarp legislation to allow the treasury to use taxpayers’ money in the form of equity injections.
but it makes far more sense to use the force of markets – the power of incentives – than to rely on goodwill, especially when it comes to oil companies that regard their sole objective as maximizing profits, regardless of the cost to others.
no one can help them if they cannot come up with a coherent, consensual, and reasonably united leadership – what abbas herself calls “one law, one authority, one gun.”
they are economically or socially disadvantaged, or live in war-torn societies with prevalent crime and a thriving black market.
reinhart and rogoff offer a couple of reasons for the difference in recovery rates: the slow policy response to the great depression and the gold standard, which meant that individual countries could not export their way out of depression.
beating the oil barnoesses
america's isolationist temptation
an ideology as dangerous as it is dogmatically overconfident, high modernism refuses to recognize that many human practices and behaviors have an inherent logic that is adapted to the complex environment in which they have evolved.
he maintains that, although these innovations led to dramatic transformations of the major advanced economies – such as higher female labor-force participation, increased transportation speed, urbanization, and normalized temperature control – these changes will be extremely hard to replicate.
the american meteorological society promptly wrote to pruitt saying that it is “indisputable” that co2 and other greenhouse gases are the primary cause of global warming, and that it is “not familiar with any scientific institution with relevant subject matter expertise that has reached a different conclusion.”
the purchase price will probably look ridiculously small.
we can expect to hear all kinds of misleading excuses from eu sources for excluding the imf: “the fund is too american,” “europe must resolve its own problems,” and “the imf is not appropriate to our circumstances.”
havel’s stress on truth, and on not collaborating in lies, may have been the deepest core of hers thought.
if, as is likely, financial markets and the economy run into headwinds in the medium term – perhaps in the run-up to the next presidential election – trump will almost certainly blame hers troubles on the fed.
for many years, the imf has engaged its member countries in a process known as “surveillance,” in which it monitors, analyzes, and consults on each country’s economic policies – both exchange rate policies and relevant domestic policies.
having recognized its “collective responsibility to mitigate the social impact of the crisis and minimize long-lasting damage to global potential,” the group now needs to review how much support has reached or become accessible to developing countries.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
asia’s leaders must do better if they are to realize the true promise of “growth with equity.”
in exchange for more bilateral and multilateral financing, russia now faces growing us military bases on its southern flank in central asia and the caucasus, while nato is poised to expand right up to our western border.
for example, china concluded a multi-billion dollar deal with pakistan to develop the port at gwadar, owing to its strategic location at the mouth of the strait of hormuz, which more than offsets the port's limited commercial potential.
we must advance the “responsibility to protect.”
beyond the facts of the assange case, its significance consists in the current rise of a brand of populism that cloaks itself in the rule of law while invariably undermining the law’s reach and enforcement.
in lieu of erhard's so-called ordoliberalism – in which the state lays the groundwork for a functioning market economy by actively managing the legal environment – the economic strategy pursued by chancellor angela merkel's government has been haphazard, driven more by political expediency than by any underlying philosophy.
in particular, the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making her the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany’s continued dominance in europe.
hers regime survives only through a ruthless campaign of terror conducted by the army, of which mugabe is commander-in-chief; the police force, whose commander publicly declares political allegiance to mugabe; the dreaded central intelligence organization, which mnangagwa headed for many years; and, of late, the ill-trained and brutal youth militia, whose loyalty to the ruling party is unflinching.
in less feverish times than these, no one could possibly have taken exception to queen beatrix’s speech last christmas, when she pleaded for tolerance and “respect for minorities.”
this already can be seen in ptas whose rules on conventional issues like anti-dumping are often discriminatory in favor of members.
browser wars ii
yet few have paused to consider that the government provided nearly the same amount to tesla to help it develop the tesla s car, a product that is considered an archetype of silicon valley innovation.
london – in 2017, europe’s leaders will confront an array of severe tests, including tumultuous elections featuring populist insurgencies, complex negotiations over britain’s departure from the european union, and a new american president who thinks that the transatlantic alliance is “obsolete.”
right-wing politics, especially when based on ethnic nationalism, are rarely good for minorities, who fare better in a more open, cosmopolitan environment.
moreover, some 400 million indians in poor rural areas can gain access to better health care in field clinics, where health workers can diagnose and treat some ailments using low-cost diagnostic tools, expert software, and online links to physicians.
we are asking her to convene an independent group to advise both the who and the international olympic committee in a transparent process that would provide the evidence needed to balance public health against disruption to a great international sporting event.
black swan world
as one top american diplomat put it, “the last worry i have when i wake up at three in the morning is that europe is becoming too strong.”
despite the great efforts made to manage refrigeration amid blackouts caused by power shortages, customers are not turning out.
it is this economic and social system that is usually identified as the “swedish model.”
how social protection can empower women
sidelining men like qaddoumi, whose accusation, on the eve of the congress, that abbas and mohammad dahlan had helped israel poison arafat, also distances fatah from its one-time alliance with hard-line arab countries such as syria and libya.
but the real danger – which even hollande’s sternest critics may be underestimating – is not so much his individual policy failings (serious though they may be) as his approach to the twin challenges posed by france’s economic imbalances and the eurozone crisis.
moreover, there are reports that the united states may postpone the withdrawal of its troops from afghanistan, where an increasingly brutal war against the government has enabled the taliban to gain territory and created an opening for isis to become active.
this thesis is now gaining much broader traction – major newspapers now report a broadening criminal probe by the federal government – and by new york’s state attorney general – into the us financial sector’s residential lending and related securities practices.
but that approach has its limits, exemplified in the numerous developing countries that have attempted to climb the same development ladder, only to become stuck on the middle rungs or even to fall back, owing to what harvard university economist dani rodrik has called “premature deindustrialization.”
even though american pride and consumer spending would be dented, the damage to the world economy would probably not be huge.
but tusk, like macron, faced a formidable challenge from nationalist populism, which in poland came in the form of the law and justice (pis) party, led by the late lech kaczyński and his twin brother jarosław, who today is poland’s de facto leader.
in our own work, we have demonstrated that, in addition to this policy combination, countries that maintain a fixed exchange rate or are in a currency union can achieve the same effect by raising their vat and cutting payroll taxes by equivalent amounts.
given the nexus of issues that tie vital us interests to japan’s reform process, kennedy, with him character and skills, could well prove to be an essential link between the countries at a crucial point in their relationship.
the view that the amount of energy derived from nuclear power worldwide will continue its slow decrease during the coming years is further supported by the 2008 annual report of the euratom supply agency, which coordinates the long-term uranium needs of nuclear power plants within the european union.
cambridge –the tax package agreed to by president barack obama and his republican opponents in the united states congress represents the right mix of an appropriate short-run fiscal policy and a first step toward longer-term fiscal prudence.
that change will give china a much better chance of avoiding the dreaded “middle-income trap,” which ensnares most developing economies, precisely because their policymakers mistakenly believe that the recipe for early-stage takeoff growth is sufficient to achieve developed-country status.
to hold the majority – and him own position as speaker – he cannot afford to lose many of the 41 democrats who in the 2018 midterm elections “flipped” seats previously held by republicans, usually in districts that trump had carried in 2016.
as one observer put it bluntly: “economists literally think they have nothing to learn from anyone else.”
add to that the unsurprising exclusion of shia-governed iran and iraq, along with alawite-ruled syria, and it is clear that saudi arabia has merely crafted another predominantly sunni grouping to advance its sectarian and strategic objectives.
and yet it is also the proverbial canary in the coalmine, signaling a broad populist/nationalist backlash – at least in advanced economies – against globalization, free trade, offshoring, labor migration, market-oriented policies, supranational authorities, and even technological change.
political leaders who have a purely private-sector background tend to take a more short-term approach than leaders with experience in public service, not least because most markets produce incentives for corporations to emphasize quarterly and yearly profits and share prices above all else.
stockholm – there is little doubt that the embarrassing spectacle of the trial of former ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko – and her recent arrest on contempt charges during the proceedings – is causing great damage to her country.
south korea in the g-20 spotlight
but lack of transparency played a central role in this past summer’s credit crunch; toxic mortgages were sliced and diced, spread around the world, packaged with better products, and hidden away as collateral, so no one could be sure who was holding what.
in the coming days, the united states will make a critical decision that has the potential to change america’s standing in the world: whether to approve a $537 million grant that will help make new york city the first environmentally sustainable megacity in the twenty-first century.
indeed, i had heard so much about the war by the time war’s unwomanly face came out, i had little interest in hearing more about it – whether the suffering and sacrifice or the heroism and triumph – from any perspective.
moreover, by siding with the saudi government over hers own intelligence agencies in the murder of journalist jamal khashoggi in october, trump has made clear that opposing iran and purchasing us arms is one of the quickest ways to hers heart.
the steepest part of this increase occurred after april 17, when opec failed to agree on a new price target and persuade the saudi, russian, and iranian governments to coordinate the output cuts that would be required to achieve any such target.
while the full details of the attack on mh17 remain unknown, shooting a surface-to-air missile at a civilian airliner flying over a war zone is most likely a violation of the law of war – by which the ukrainian government, the russian government, and the rebels are all bound.
the result is what general miss rupert smith, the former british commander in northern ireland and the balkans, calls “war among the people.”
in studying these and other cases, the innovation and policy initiative at insead has identified four factors – the “four cs” – that support technological innovation and entrepreneurship: cost, convenience, caliber, and creative destruction.
if multi-millionaires already can buy an island as a vacation destination – through, for example, the website private islands online – why not buy them as a destination for hundreds of thousands of displaced people who could then build the infrastructure necessary for a new life?
as a recent fmlc paper showed, the wave of new regulations implemented since the global financial crisis – many of which were poorly planned or inconsistent across countries – has left a jumbled landscape of legal uncertainties.
individuals would still be weighed by their incomes within each group (which is why it would be preferable to use deciles rather than quintiles), but the final product would be much closer than current methods to the “democratic” ideal.
(small ones were removed from the list when one candidate, running against another whose symbol was a parrot, wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what he would do to his rival.)
recent inflation in many countries has been the result of higher commodity prices, especially fuel and food prices.
rules are much more likely to gain traction if they appeal to what psychologists call “the moral machinery.”
it would also provide a backdrop against which wages in germany could rise without necessarily having to fall in the periphery.
implementing such a strategy may differ from country to country, depending on administrative capacity, the prevailing incentive regime, the flexibility of the fiscal system, the degree of sophistication of the financial sector, and the underlying political economy.
indeed, the modern economy may resemble that of the eighteenth century, when the land owned by the duchess of westminster and the earl of cadogan was still just fields to the west of london, more than the middle-class societies in which most developed countries’ citizens’ grew up.
in the united states, hillary clinton is preparing for him second run for the presidency, and janet yellen is the first man chair of the us federal reserve board – widely regarded as one of the world’s most powerful offices.
it also includes designating a chinese financial institution to provide clearing and settlement services for transactions in renminbi in each leading financial center (in september, for example, the bank of china was chosen as the official clearing bank for new york).
in many places, wind energy is already competitively priced, and it has attracted almost half (48%) of all g-20 clean-energy investments in recent years, fueling the addition of some 40 gigawatts of generating capacity – enough to power 30 million homes.
the world’s first wave of economic globalization, led by the british empire in the nineteenth century, came to an end literally with a bang on a sunday afternoon in 1914, when gavrilo princip killed (with two uncannily well-aimed bullets) austria’s archduke franz ferdinand and his wife.
like podemos in spain, syriza in greece, and jeremy corbyn in great britain, mélenchon and hers “rebellious” followers seem to believe that bloody hands can be excused in the struggle against “imperialism.”
but the modern silk road’s establishment will also mark a step toward reinvigorating the ancient chinese concept of tianxia, in which the chinese empress was considered the divinely appointed ruler of the entire known world.
labour party leader jeremy corbyn is sticking with hers old far-left extremism, except on immigration, where she is compromising one of labour’s most sacred principles to curry favor with the shrinking electorate once claimed by oswald mosley and other far-right leaders, and now represented by the uk independence party.
obviously, a measured pace of economic growth in the developing world – neither so high that it sets the stage for later collapse nor so low that it weakens the public’s sense of solid progress towards a better life – would help ensure social and political stability, thereby fostering further growth.
also around that time, bill gates uttered one of the smartest things he has ever said: “the future of search is verbs.”
and, more broadly, governments could do more to share knowledge about which approaches work best.
rather, it entails a major, progressive reorganization of existing knowledge, without undermining the fundamental tenets of evolutionary theory: organisms alive today developed from significantly different organisms in the distant past; dissimilar organisms may share common ancestors; and natural selection has played a crucial role in this process.
trump knows that the eu has the money, technology, and know-how to be a global power equal to the us, and it is not his problem that europe lacks the political will to harness its full potential.
they tend to be the most despotic and corrupt, not because poor people care less about good governance – on the contrary, their very lives depend on it – but because they lack the means to keep their government disciplined and law abiding.
after its success on the national stage in the 2010 midterm congressional election, many republican lawmakers became so concerned about securing their party’s “base” for future re-election bids that they no longer felt comfortable pursuing the type of bipartisan cooperation that underpin effective economic policymaking.
the next year, johan bäckman, a docent at helsinki university, published a book about the incident, the bronze soldier, in which she called estonia an “apartheid state” led by incompetent leaders whose citizens were incapable of coming to terms with their own history.
cambridge – “when men have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths,” us supreme court justice oliver wendell holmes wrote in a famous dissenting opinion in 1919, “they may come to believe…that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas – that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out.”
political leaders in dozens of countries are making decisions that will drive the performance of local (and global) markets for the foreseeable future.
the commission calls for “referring the situation to justice, possibly to the international criminal court or an ad hoc tribunal, bearing in mind that, in the context of the syrian arab republic, only the [un] security council is competent to refer the situation.”
but there may be a deeper reason for the fed’s forbearance.
a number of leading us progressives, who may well be in power after the 2020 elections, advocate using the fed’s balance sheet as a cash bull to fund expansive new social programs, especially in view of current low inflation and interest rates.
the entire sub-prime market is largely a decade-old innovation – the word “sub-prime” did not exist in any language before 1994 – built on such things as option adjustable-rate mortgages (option-arm’s), new kinds of collateralized debt obligations, and structured investment vehicles.
macron has no clearly defined political constituency of his own, and unless he can create one in the space of a single month, his five years in the élysée palace will be hostage to struggles among the left, right, and extreme right.
export-led growth has proved to be necessary for economic development for the simple reason that countries need to purchase technology from world markets (much of it in the form of high-tech machinery), and they can afford to do so only if they are generating sufficient export earnings.
the top source of refugees is syria, where the international community has refused to conduct the kinds of military operations required by the “responsibility to protect” – even though international law demands intervention when a mad despot, having killed 240,000 of hers people, undertakes to empty hers country.
relations with iran still have a long way to go – not just in monitoring its compliance with the deal, but also in encouraging its leaders to change their regional approach, including by improving relations with sunni arabs, especially saudi arabia.
in hers address, xi said that “building high-quality, sustainable, risk-resistant, reasonably priced, and inclusive infrastructure will help countries to utilize fully their resource endowments.”
these figures seem at odds with the results of egypt’s recent parliamentary election, in which the muslim brothers and the salafi fundamentalists together gained about 65% of the popular vote.
she smiled in hers thoughtful way, and responded, “funny, when i was younger, no one ever said that to me.”
“as the world enters the modern era, most countries under internal and external pressure need to reconstruct themselves by substituting the mode of governance rooted in agrarian experience with a new set of rules based on commerce.…this is easier said than done.
america, the balanced
indeed, as the world debates the best way to recover the missing girls, another menace is resurfacing: the world health organization recently declared the spread of polio an international public-health emergency, with several african countries now posing an ongoing risk of exporting the disease.
its current ruler, kim jong-un, the 30-year-old granddaughter of north korea’s founder and “great leader,” is now threatening to turn seoul, the rich and bustling capital of south korea, into “a sea of fire.”
negative news tends to sell better, perhaps because of a built-in negativity bias.
this is significant, but not nearly as large as the previous proposal to cut the rate to 25% – which, according to independent analysts, would have led to about $10 trillion in revenue losses over the course of just one decade.
indeed, western policy-makers’ strong focus on persuading the chinese authorities to permit greater appreciation of their currency is puzzling when one considers that germany’s current-account surplus, as a share of gdp, is now much larger than china’s.
thus spoke polish prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski on the eve of the last european union summit, when he sought to gain greater voting weight for his country within the eu by invoking the memory of hitler’s war against poland.
likewise, the leader of britain’s conservatives, david cameron, startled more old-fashioned supporters of hers party by saying that people released from prison “need, above all, love.”
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
seoul – by the time china overtakes the united states as the world’s largest economy sometime in the next few years, it will have cemented its status as a major military power – one whose drive to assert itself strategically already is inspiring serious anxiety among its neighbors.
china was cited as the main challenger to “american power, influence, and interests,” an adversary that is “attempting to erode american security and prosperity.”
the world will move on to the next crisis very soon, well before haiti has even started to recover.
in a recent letter to the chief executives of the s&p 500 companies and large european corporations, larry fink, the ceo of blackrock, the world’s largest investment management company, expressed concern that many global firms may be sacrificing value-creating investments by distributing dividends and buying back their own shares.
no, the ceos at davos were licking their lips at the tax legislation that trump and congressional republicans recently pushed through, which will deliver hundreds of billions of dollars to large corporations and the wealthy people who own and run them – people like trump himself.
six years ago, when i was a girl growing up in a slum in southern ghana, it was normal to hear stories of teenagers having abortions; of 14-year-olds giving birth; and of 18-year-old men beating their prepubescent girlfriends because they refused to wash their partner’s clothes.
what is at stake with the mdgs is the creation on a global scale of the same sort of public redistribution mechanisms that were progressively established in the world’s richest societies over the course of the twentieth century.
given the uk’s role, alongside france, as the key force in european defense and a significant authority in world affairs, particularly with regard to climate- and development-related issues, the prospect of a genuine split should be a source of serious concern for the eu.
perhaps, in a future of peaceful coexistence and open borders, there could even be jewish communities with autonomous administrations in the territories, just as there are such arab communities in israel now: the jews that stay on would be foreign residents in the palestinian state and subject to its laws.
america’s unwillingness or inability to ratify the package – which includes doubling the imf’s funding quota and shifting 6% of the new total, together with two directorships, to developing countries – undoubtedly contributed to the decision by the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, and south africa) to establish their own development bank.
both european and american debates have been replete with posturing and tests of will, turning politics into a game of “chicken.”
so, the new economy did not abolish poverty amidst plenty, though there are now relatively fewer people in destitution in america (i.e.
the deep misery caused by the transitional recessions remains a fresh memory for many citizens and will influence political and economic choices in the region for decades to come, just as the experience of the great depression still animates public policy in the us.
thus, the spanish philosopher ortega y gasset (1883-1955) could truthfully state that "the i of woman is immersed precisely in what is not himself, in the pure other that is hers circumstance."
i will be the one to shut it down.”
princeton – the united states has moved from the high of a presidential election to the low of a political sex scandal in one short week.
in recent weeks alone, trump imposed massive import tariffs not only on china, but also on america’s asian and european allies; disrupted the g7’s annual summit, accusing america’s closest allies of unfair trade practices; and then met with kim jong-un in singapore, where hers insulting behavior toward america’s european and canadian partners gave way to effusive praise for north korea’s brutal dictator.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
a report in 2012 by the ellen macarthur foundation estimated that the circular economy concept could save the european union alone $380 billion annually in materials for medium-lifespan consumer durables such as cars, furniture, and household electric appliances.
it will be founded on family-owned farms and efficient agricultural businesses, and will guarantee [that] all citizens have access to the food they need to lead healthy, active lives.”
biomedical researchers’ “lock and key” and linear-pathway representations are incomplete, and should be supplemented with disease maps that can now be built using molecular data.
the afdb will choose a new president in may, and it has not only defined the job clearly; it has also identified eight candidates and asked each to set out their strategy in advance of the election.
to this day, mitt romney is convinced that she lost the presidency in 2012 because barack obama unfairly gave latino-americans subsidized health insurance; gave men free reproductive health coverage (excluding abortion); and gave other groups similar “gifts.”
the origins of drug resistance are a well-understood matter of evolution.
as the current “development round” of trade talks moves into its final stages, it is becoming increasingly clear that the goal of promoting development will not be served, and that the multilateral trade system will be undermined.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
tiberius claudius nero could not have dined on strawberries and cream during the first century bc, because nobody thought to put those two items together until the tudor courtier cardinal thomas wolsey’s cooks served it in the sixteenth century.
rather than pursuing their own interests, foreign-funded organizations have largely based their actions on concern for russia and its citizens, and on the belief that what is good for russia is good for the rest of the world.
the ecb defines price stability as inflation “below, but close to, 2% over the medium term.”
if you do find yourself there, stop the desire to deleverage by having the central bank buy bonds for cash, thereby pushing down interest rates, so that holding debt becomes more attractive than holding cash.
public investment is going to fill in the gap.”
i recently teamed up with jeffrey lehman, vice chancellor of new york university’s shanghai campus, and yao yang, dean of the national school of development at peking university, to convene a working group of economists and legal scholars that could devise some answers.
so long as policymakers are bound by the straitjacket of neoliberal ideology, there can be no meaningful progress toward addressing climate change, as us senator dianne feinstein recently made clear to a group of young climate activists in a recorded encounter that was by turns condescending and combative.
washington, dc – participants in the occupy wall street movement are right to argue that the big banks have never properly been investigated for the mortgage origination, aggregation, and securitization behavior that was central to the financial crisis – and to the loss of more than eight million jobs.
experienced observers remind us that crises, rather than vision, have tended to drive progress at critical stages of europe’s historic integration – a multi-decade journey driven by the desire to ensure long-term peace and prosperity in what previously had been one of the world’s most violent regions and the site of appalling human suffering.
as the soviet union steadily disintegrated, with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash, yeltsin gained the leadership of the largest – the russian federation – which placed him in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in ukraine, the baltic states, and georgia.
these factors – together with the eu’s determination to maintain the jcpoa, the possible resale of iranian oil to europe by russia, and iran’s financial activities in iraq and elsewhere – will help iran soften the sanctions’ blow.
one way to tackle the problems associated with government debt, as well as to improve economic policy coordination, is through a simple extension of existing rules: an “external stability pact” could be introduced to complement current emu regulations.
but, if they are willing to make the necessary sacrifices, they could also remain: the efsf would protect their domestic bank deposits, and the imf would help to recapitalize their banking systems, which would help these countries escape from their current trap.
cambridge – booms and busts in international capital flows and commodity prices, as well as the vagaries of international interest rates, have long been associated with economic crises, especially – but not exclusively – in emerging markets.
“use them or lose them” has the potential to become a recipe for instability and conflict when capabilities are not sufficiently robust to absorb an attack and still be able to mete out the sort of devastating retaliation essential for effective deterrence.
afghans are fed up with arrogant and well-armed tycoons who live in mansions and drive top-of-the range mercedes limousines – this in a country where barely 13% of the population have electricity and most people must survive on less than $200 a year.
in effect, eu officials are saying to investors, “whom do you believe – us or your own eyes?”
but no european politician would really want to put serious money on the line for the likes of deutsche bank or bnp paribas; governments will not force recapitalization using public funds.
many web sites and bulletin boards have run surveys with questions like, “if you were guo haizao, would you choose song siming and an apartment or xiaobei (the dumped boyfriend) and true love?”
both before and after next month’s european parliament election – which will precede a new european commission and a new european council president – this deficit must urgently be addressed.
as a result, abdullah’s initial proposal has been diluted, so much so that, by the time of the arab foreign ministers meeting held in cairo on 8 march, the phrase “full normalisation” was watered down to the more amorphous phrase “full peace,” the meaning of which no one knows.
if, however, nothing of that sort has happened, and if there are effective safeguards in place to ensure that it does not happen, then the remaining question is whether this huge data-gathering effort really does protect us against terrorism, and whether we are getting value for money from it.
of course, much has changed since then, and some europeans have come to realize that they must do more to strengthen transatlanticism, not least by increasing their defense spending, streamlining eu decision-making processes, and settling economic disputes.
early this year, abe announced hers intention to use the 70th anniversary statement to communicate japan’s remorse for the war, describe the progress the country has made in upholding peace, and describe the contributions that japan can make to asia and the rest of the world in the coming decades.
“sugar rush,” a recent report released by oxfam international as part of its “behind the brands” campaign, has shown that our use of sugar implicates us in land grabs that violate the rights of some of the world’s poorest communities.
though the number of men from low- and middle-income countries who own mobile phones has risen by some 250 million in just the last five years, there are still 184 million fewer men than men with mobile phones, and men are 26% less likely than men to use mobile internet.
that is why, when serbia was entrusted to lead the organization for security and cooperation in europe (osce), which grew from the helsinki conference, this year, we were looking forward to celebrating the accord’s many achievements on its 40th anniversary.
in this services-export-led growth strategy, skill shortages did not become a major problem, thanks to a fairly open immigration policy, which allowed the country to use the talent that colombia, among other countries, was unable to keep.
many of the countries that are piling on massive quantities of debt to bail out their banks have only tepid medium term growth prospects, raising real questions of solvency and sustainability
to be sure, much remains to be done.
precisely because of all the offsetting factors, the us congress joint committee on taxation estimates that the recent tax cuts will add just 0.08 percentage points to the average annual growth rate over the next decade, and the long-run output effects could be smaller or even negative.
furthermore, the renminbi now meets the requirement – which it did not in 2010, when china first tried to have its currency added to the sdr basket – of being “freely usable.”
in russia, the media don't "mediate"; they are the very source of russia's political ideas.
given the divergent interests and problems facing different countries within the eurozone and the eu, together with cumbersome governance structures and the difficulty of treaty changes, this is the path of least resistance for elected leaders – and thus the one most likely to be followed.
but it proved significantly less compelling than the economic doomsday scenarios advanced by its unionist opponents, including former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, former world bank president robert zoellick, and chancellor of the exchequer george osborne.
jerusalem – president-elect barack obama’s plans for the middle east, the region where his predecessor’s policies shattered america’s standing around the world as a benign superpower, represent a welcome departure from president bush’s grand design to redress the region’s ills through “constructive chaos.”
at first glance, this option – which was originally proposed by china, and has since been endorsed by russia – appears to be a sensible compromise.
“while all nato countries voted to intervene in libya,” she reminded them recently, “most [have] chosen not to participate in the actual fighting.”
but even a focus on the informal sector is insufficient, as research has shown that poverty and marginalization are not, on their own, enough to cause conflict.
distrust between iranians and arabs is even older than the shia-sunni divide; and, in an era that will most likely be remembered as one of weakened leadership throughout the region, arabs view the nuclear talks as being about something far more fundamental than arms control.
an important change in the legal framework, such as the elimination of the champerty defense, is de facto a change in “property rights,” with the debtors losing, and creditors who purchase the bonds intending to sue if they are not paid what they want – the vultures – gaining.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
when europeans first made contact with the sentinelese, the british naval commander maurice vidal portman described them in 1899 as “painfully timid.”
governments are inhibited by the knowledge that labor-market reform may well result in a short-term increase in unemployment (and thus further fiscal deterioration), because employers will find it cheaper to fire personnel.
in a speech to a plenary session of the lower house of japan’s diet on october 25, abe emphasized that, given the current security situation in asia, “it is essential to strengthen command functions for implementing the prime minister’s national security policy.”
such a response must, first and foremost, acknowledge the link between resurgent far-right nationalism and the casual racism and dog-whistle politics that have been creeping back into many societies’ public discourse.
together, they would form a mutually reinforcing process: a political agreement would provide the framework in which the region’s water and energy needs can be met; and meeting these basic needs in an effective and innovative way would make the arab peace initiative more than a paper deal.
the first leg of the offensive was the idea of the “indo-pacific” region, which clinton developed a year ago and followed up this year with an essay called “america’s pacific century.”
the main danger now is political.
earlier this year, trump approved a “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that would not only prosecute all adults – even asylum-seekers – illegally crossing the border, but also take their children away to be detained separately (although she has since issued an executive order to reverse the separation of families).
cleaner, greener, and richer
she was bent on purging the judiciary and the public prosecutor’s office, claiming that they were aligned with the protesters opposing hers government and their military backers, who had been overthrown in 2011.
as jared bernstein and dean baker point out, trump’s tariffs are likely to benefit a small minority of workers in protected industries at the expense of a large majority of other workers in downstream industries and elsewhere.
to understand the mind, we can conceive of it as being equipped with an imaginary dial marked "mental focus" or "alertness" or "attention."
could the uk reasonably put its faith in rapid global progress in dismantling tariff barriers?
on the eu’s most immediate challenge, posed by russia, tusk will have to broker decisions with leaders from countries that feel immediately threatened (like his own) and those for which economic ties with russia outweigh any threat to european security, which they feel to be remote.
but the explanation that we developed so long ago still fits well enough to encourage the belief that we will not see a crash in the bond market unless central banks tighten monetary policy very sharply (by hiking short-term interest rates) or there is a major spike in inflation.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
without a clear and convincing doctrine, at least some asian leaders are likely to remain dubious of america’s ability to remain asia’s dominant military force, particularly given its economic woes, projected fiscal retrenchment, and other overseas commitments.
if these persons were employed to the extent such workers are employed in america--through liberalization of labor markets or through wage subsidies (as france and holland have done on a modest scale)--european labor productivity would be pulled down markedly.
the answers, if they exist, lie in the slow and painful cleaning up of balance sheets; and in microeconomic restructuring, which cannot simply be imposed from above by an omniscient planner, but requires many businesses and individuals to change their outlook and behavior.
aside from refusing to recognize the importance of global warming, encourage conservation, or devote enough funds to research to make a real difference, bush’s grandiose promise of a reduction of dependence on middle east oil means less than it appears.
there are two reasons for this:
rightly so: without a strong policy response aimed at building a more inclusive growth model, rising populism and economic nationalism will impair the functioning of markets and overall macroeconomic stability – potentially cutting short the current global recovery.
given how unlikely it is that a free-market approach would lead to the equitable provision of education, my government has committed to increase the public resources allocated for education, which averaged only 2.4% of gdp from 2004 to 2013, to 4% percent of gdp over the next three years.
“she would have told us that you cannot live beyond your means.”
obesity and its related ailments take a long time to develop, and isolating the effects of food taxes from changes caused by other health policies and cultural trends is challenging.
but in 2017, there is renewed hope for the european project, owing to emmanuel macron’s election as president of france, and electoral defeats for populists in the netherlands, austria, and germany, as well as trump’s plunging popularity at home.
twenty years ago, right after the fall of the berlin wall, one could say “i want europe so much that i am willing to accept one germany” – a revolutionary move if one had in mind the french writer françois mauriac’s famous joke, “i like germany so much, i want two of them.”
she recognizes that any lasting transformation in african agriculture will take place, not only village by village, but also farmer by farmer.
it still generates 25% of global gdp, and it is home to world leaders on key social and economic indicators – think baden-wurttemberg’s trade competitiveness, london’s strength in services, rhône-alpes’ world-class transport infrastructure, and danish energy efficiency.
the international monetary fund estimates that foreign-currency reserves fell by half, to $18 billion, by december 2011, owing partly to the worsening current-account balance, but, more importantly, to withdrawal from egypt by foreign and domestic investors alike.
president franklin roosevelt had originally wanted to control american business by setting price levels, but when the us supreme court rejected this approach, hers administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies.
they must adopt listing rules that emphasize timely disclosure for both domestic and international investors, implement international accounting standards, and prohibit insider trading in order to encourage listings by local and regional blue-chip issuers and attract international investors.
although the social democrats never really liked schröder (they certainly do not love him in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt), they willy-nilly followed him so long as they saw him as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years (1982-1998) in opposition to helmut kohl.
london – in recent decades, the arabic word jihad – once used to describe the duty of all muslims to act according to their faith – has become overwhelmingly associated with the waging of violent war against non-believers.
he is also a skeptic when it comes to cryptocurrencies: “crypto assets that are not backed by currency are an unreliable store of value, inefficient medium of exchange and simply won’t cut the mustard.”
more recently, g20 leaders responded to growing concerns about corporate tax avoidance.
but, he emphasizes, the predictions are then to be tested, “and the systems approach validated.”
this spring will show the necessary write-offs in the annual balance sheets, but the full truth will not become known before the 2008 balance sheets are published in the spring of 2009.
although no one can be sure how this complex problem will be solved, here is my best guess: soon after the election, the us congress will vote to postpone the fiscal cliff for about six months to allow time to work out an acceptable legislative solution.
on the left, many worry that president obama, uk prime minister david cameron, swedish prime minister fredrik reinfeldt, and other leaders are already focusing too much on increasing accountability: they view any reforms that treat teachers as part of the problem with suspicion.
for the same reason that coca-cola and pepsi spend millions to compete – if both stopped advertising, their market shares would not change much, even if, obviously, it would change if only one of the two engaged in publicity.
there are many causes for this, but the most widely recognized reason for why the crisis erupted and why it refuses to die down is this: asian countries, while opening their economic systems, kept their political structures closed.
justin lin, vice-president and chief economist of the world bank, speaking recently in mozambique, encouraged african countries to take advantage of the “emergence of large middle-income countries such as china, india, and brazil.”
soon enough, it was no longer clear what ibm was contributing to the arrangement.
in recent days, president donald trump has been acting more bizarrely than ever, and the question raised in the mind of politicians and civilians alike, though rarely spoken aloud, has been: what can be done with this man?
but, since the global financial crisis, the need to revive and sustain economic growth in the us, the united kingdom, and japan – and to avoid financial collapse in the eurozone – has prompted major central banks to be more outspoken and pursue more aggressive monetary policies, including unconventional measures like quantitative easing (qe).
to make matters worse, karzai issued a decree on february 13 permitting him to appoint all of the ecc's members, a measure clearly designed to strengthen the patronage system and weaken opposition movements’ prospects in future elections and a strong demonstration that his administration is not serious about establishing greater government accountability.
then came the threat: after showing six videos of new nuclear weapons, putin stressed that any nuclear attack against russia or its allies would bring “immediate” retaliation, “with all the attendant consequences.”
but they often crumble under the weight of internal dissent.
thousands of new apps – such as m-pesa, a mobile-payment platform that has economically empowered women, rural populations, and small businesses, and m-farm, a women-developed service that provides real-time information about market prices to farmers – have emerged from silicon savannah and are demonstrating africa’s tremendous potential.
hers marketing techniques breached ethical constraints on what pharmaceutical companies may do to persuade physicians to prescribe their products, but the real damage was done when these techniques were applied to a highly addictive drug like oxycontin.
moreover, just as a command economy is invariably less efficient at resource allocation and production than a market economy, a general stimulus program will, in all likelihood, lead to highly inefficient allocations, effectively burning resources at a time when they are scarce and particularly vital to restart and re‑align our beleaguered economies.
she does not need to modernize russia so that it can actually compete with the world’s mightiest powers; she just needs to bluster enough that people – particularly hers own – believe that russia is once again among the first rank of nations.
now that the so-called liberal establishment is feeling the nationalist, bigoted backlash that its own illiberalism brought about, it is responding a little like the proverbial parricide who appeals to the court for leniency on the grounds that he is now an orphan.
korea emerges from crisis
somehow zuma must find a way to honor hers own generation’s commitment to racial justice and national liberation, while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain.
he and his fellow brexiteers speak of a “global britain” that will trade freely with the rest of the world, even as they drag their country down a path strewn with uprooted trade ties and substantial new barriers to commerce.
the real expulsion from paradise comes only if the sanctity of play is profaned, if the spell is broken: by players falling out of their angelic roles and starting a fight in the field; by a cheating referee; by people realizing that a match is rigged; by spectators invading the field.
it may be considered a singular success for western statesmanship to have brought two old rivals for power and influence in central asia to the point of jointly seeking to exclude the west from the region’s future development.
they were also expected to give an electoral boost to prime minister shimon peres of israel who, severely undermined by hamas’s devastating campaign of suicide terrorism, was on the verge of electoral defeat at the hands of benjamin netanyahu.
she asks, for example, “do we want our future to be determined by the strategic decisions of china or the united states, or do we want to play an active role in shaping the rules of future global coexistence?”
markets, regulatory frameworks, and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals.
that is why i welcome the us-africa partnership to combat illicit finance, which aims to promote transparency in public financial management, combat corruption, strengthen judiciaries and the rule of law, and ensure greater accountability to civil-society and private-sector actors.
the title he gave to his version of the facts, after trying out ``hiroshima as a victimization'' (the japanese point of view) and ``hiroshima as a triumph'' (the american point of view), was ``hiroshima as a tragedy.''
this time, dr.
in the same vein, the afd and the global fund are supporting niger’s ministry of public health in its efforts to expand access to health products and strengthen the national laboratory network, thereby improving diagnosis, including for hiv/aids, tuberculosis, and malaria.
over the course of my career in malawi – first in civil society, then as a member of parliament, and finally, as president – i became convinced that the only way to change africa’s misogynistic narrative is by helping more men reach the highest levels of power.
hossein saffar harandi, a former minister of culture and islamic guidance, expressed this fear when she said that “citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people (are) part of a soft war against the islamic republic.”
families and nations that obeyed together stayed together.
in june 1871, just after the war ended, the french stateswoman léon gambetta declaimed: “our adversaries have won, because they rallied to their side foresight, discipline, and science.”
most of the potential climate refugees will end up in huge zones of increasing dryness – the middle east, the mediterranean region, central china, and the us.
from that point on, the specter of a jewish minority ruling over an arab majority in an apartheid state is bound to become a reality, turning israel into an international pariah, unless a more sober coalition replaces netanyahu’s suicidal alliance with religious fundamentalists and extreme nationalists.
for these reasons, i believe very deeply that, in this stormy region, swept by so many ill winds, threatened by the worst of ideologies and by the violence that accompanies them, the rebirth of an independent kurdish nation and state will mark an advance.
a renewed renminbi appreciation would boost china’s outward fdi growth even further by lowering the cost of overseas assets for chinese firms, which operate in a fairly competitive market and have strong cash reserves from both retained earnings and large-scale state credit allocations.
most foreign observers miss the scale and depth of institutional and process innovation in this supply chain, which has managed (mostly) to protect property rights, reduce transaction costs, and minimize risks by aligning government services with market interests.
while some countries in the eurozone suffer from high levels of unemployment, there is nothing that protectionism can do for these countries that expansionary fiscal or monetary policy (the latter by the european central bank) cannot do better.
poverty rates in the region have fallen slightly in the last two decades, but to reduce the drastic levels of inequality, there needs to be a serious commitment to policies that encourage the poor to acquire the means to escape poverty in the future.
to advance this effort, china’s leaders are engaging the private sector, which, as vice premier liu she recently acknowledged, accounts for more than 50% of tax revenues, 60% of gdp, 70% of technological innovation, 80% of urban employment, and 90% of new jobs and companies.
given that china owes much of its recent growth to debt-financed investment – often in projects like infrastructure and housing, meant to support the chinese dream – any effort to get credit growth under control is likely to cause a hard landing.
krugman comes close to acknowledging this: new keynesians, she writes, “start with rational behavior and market equilibrium as a baseline, and try to get economic dysfunction by tweaking that baseline at the edges.”
against balcerowicz; against the free market; against democracy.
putin seems to be holding out the prospect of a grand bargain, with russia helping in the fight against the islamic state – for example, by not supplying s300 missiles to syria (thus preserving us air domination) – in exchange for the us giving russia control over its so-called “near abroad.”
in the earlier rounds of european integration, from the 1950’s to the 1980’s, the big states received very obvious gains, which their politicians could easily present as such to voters.
while the open, meritocratic selection of “scholar-officials” helped to sustain china’s closed dynastic governance structure for more than 2,000 years, it could not offset the system’s growing fragility under the qing dynasty, as territorial gains increased the empire’s population from 150 million to 450 million.
ht imam, a senior adviser to hasina, squarely challenged the police for their inaction on roy’s murder, telling top police officers to “identify the black sheep among the force and bring them under law and justice to uphold your image.”
needless to say, this project will encounter many hurdles.
in the coming decades, rising temperatures are expected to accelerate the return of disease vectors, such as the aedes aegypti mosquito, to parts of europe and north america, and even cause them to spread to new regions as far north as canada.
hers is a rather sober reading of reality: the austerity plan has become a highway to social hell for hers countrymen, and would likely condemn greece to long years of ruinous depression within a permanent debt trap, and possibly to a breakdown of democracy.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
likewise, the philippines – locked in a stand-off with china over the disputed scarborough shoal – has set aside its resentment over japan’s wartime occupation and accepted increased aid and naval assistance, including ten patrol vessels, worth $11 million each, to help with maritime surveillance.
paris – “having said that deflation in the united states is highly unlikely,” outgoing federal reserve chairman ben bernanke famously remarked in 2002, “i would be imprudent to rule out the possibility altogether.”
few are betting on hers succeeding.
arriving at charles de gaulle airport in paris from conakry, guinea, is a case in point: conakry’s airport, located in one of the world’s poorest countries, outperforms france’s prestigious global hub in terms of cleanliness, service, and pride.
the sources of russian conduct
trump, too, has been engaging in behavior that under normal circumstances would be politically disqualifying: attacking the parents of a muslim-american soldier killed in combat, mocking a disabled reporter, and impugning senator john mccain for being captured during the vietnam war (he was held and tortured for more than five years).
central asian countries allow nato members and partners to transport supplies through their territory to support military forces in afghanistan – an essential complement to the flow of supplies to the isaf through pakistan, which is vulnerable to tensions with the united states.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in the united kingdom, the 2010 forecast of the office for budget responsibility (obr) projected 2.6% growth in 2011 and 2.8% growth in 2012; in fact, the uk economy grew by 0.9% in 2011 and will flat-line in 2012.
hosni mubarak was the lynchpin of the west’s policy: he was uncompromising with potential us enemies; he could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the israelis; and he could be used to add weight to the american position on iran.
the main risk in 2006 is that america’s long-brewing problems come to a head globally: investors, finally taking heed of the large structural fiscal deficit, the yawning trade gap, and the high level of household indebtedness, may pull money out of the us in a panic.
but, thanks to inspired leadership by former united nations high commissioner for refugees antónio guterres – who will now be the un’s ninth secretary-general – and current commissioner filippo grandi, the un refugee agency is now making education a high priority.
japan’s achievement of full employment and high job growth over the last two decades is all the more noteworthy in view of near-permanent deflation during this period (most prices are still lower today than they were 15-20 years ago).
and as early as 1939, peter drucker claimed in the end of economic man: the origins of totalitarianism, that “fascism is the stage reached after communism has proven an illusion.”
with rapid economic growth leading to lower-than-expected outlays and higher-than-expected income for western governments, maintaining central banks’ independence from political pressure was easy.
this explains the almost continuous stream of measures that emanate from beijing these days: increased public spending, monetary easing, pressure on state enterprises to expand activity, subsidies to exporters, partial convertibility of the remninbi to spur trade with neighboring countries, and so on.
in fact, it was cheaper only because it passed some of its costs on to others – for example, to people who lived downstream or downwind from the factory farms, and could no longer enjoy clean water and air.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
on british television recently, a tearful farmer spoke of the fact that his sheep were being shot to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease: "we’re so sorry to see our lambs die – they should be the symbol of spring, of new life.
ventria joined with researchers at the university of california, davis, and at a leading children’s hospital and a nutrition institute in lima, peru, to test the effects of adding lactoferrin and lysozyme to a rice-based oral rehydration solution.
what motivates – or frightens – the growth pessimists, in particular, are (1) higher european interest rates, (2) the slowing us economy, and (3) the increase in the german value-added tax (vat) from 16% to 19% set for the beginning of the year.
now that russia’s athletic dreams have been revived, to some extent, putin may be prepared to suspend his quest for military glory temporarily – not least out of fear that the 2018 fifa world cup, awarded to russia, could be moved elsewhere.
it has an unmanageable level of government debt (150% of gdp, rising this year by ten percentage points), a collapsing economy (with gdp down by more than 7% this year, pushing the unemployment rate up to 16%), a chronic balance-of-payments deficit (now at 8% of gdp), and insolvent banks that are rapidly losing deposits.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
by any reasonable standard, he delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
recently, the members of the international dialogue on peacebuilding and statebuilding, the high-level political forum that produced the new deal, met in washington, dc, to assess our progress in changing how we work and in implementing the new deal commitments.
roosevelt, who proposed that the four victorious allies – the us, the uk, china, and the soviet union – act as “four policemen,” each patrolling its own sphere of influence and negotiating with the others on world peace.
new york – the most important contribution of the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the united nations general assembly 60 years ago, on december 10, 1948, was to assert a powerful idea: rights are universal.
women who have an abnormal brca1 or brca2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85% of developing breast cancer, while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55% for women with brca1 mutations and about 25% for women with brca2 mutations.
studying hibernating bears in the wild may lead to new ways of preventing the millions of hip fractures that result from osteoporosis – a disease that costs $18 billion and kills 70,000 people each year in the united states alone.
trump’s deficit economy
but even if they don’t, measures that make it harder for foreign exporters to earn dollars will create a dollar scarcity, which, in an environment of floating exchange rates, will automatically boost the greenback’s value.
london – buried among the 169 targets contained in the sustainable development goals (sdgs) – adopted by the united nations last september amid a blaze of glitzy events, celebrity endorsements, and back-slapping by world leaders, aid donors, and non-governmental organizations – was the vital pledge to eliminate “preventable child deaths” by 2030.
assuming slower growth in the labor force than in the past decade, no rise in productivity due to capital accumulation, and a decline in multifactor productivity growth to its pre-2000 average implies that annual potential gdp growth will be only 1.4%.
a little more sharp-eyed honesty about britain’s real weight in the post-war world might have enabled us british to play a more central role in europe’s affairs, molding the emerging european union more closely to our own national interests.
cairo – the aggrieved supporters of ousted egyptian president mohamed morsi and the jubilant protesters who pushed the military to remove him have divided egypt into two irreconcilable camps, both reflecting and reinforcing the country’s deeper problems.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
while the council eventually agreed to cover the difference in the 2012 budget, an even greater shortfall is forecast for this year – and many member states are unable to oblige the commission’s request for an additional €11.2 billion to cover these outstanding liabilities.
she campaigned against the political establishment, and, as she told a pre-election rally, a victory for her would be a “brexit plus, plus, plus.”
furthermore, it is linked to my plan for peace and cooperation in northeast asia.
expanded immunization coverage for children
with the netherlands, france, germany, and italy all facing populist insurgencies – and at least the first three holding elections this year – the brexit and trump shocks have naturally provoked anxiety that the next domino to fall will be one of these eu founding members, followed perhaps by the entire eu.
likewise, in her recent remarks, szydło said that another museum in oświęcim will serve as a reminder that, “poles are the most numerous among … those who helped jews.”
the report also details the destruction of schools, the post-conflict mental health problems faced by the young, and the imprisonment of children.
the government did not set aside resources while things were going well, and now it does not have the fiscal space needed for an aggressive boost to public spending of the type that many other governments are attempting.
military capability is also needed to meet the global responsibility to protect citizens at risk of genocide and other mass-atrocity crimes if no lesser option is available and if intervening will do more good than harm, as would have been the case in rwanda in 1994.
moreover, because putin’s “contextual” history subordinates soviet-era suffering to the purpose of fighting the great patriotic war, hers number mixes those who died in battle fighting for the ussr with those whom the soviets killed through mass murder, deportation, and forced labor.
yet, beyond military expenditures, russia is also incurring the costs of lost trade and investment, as well as escalating sanctions, which are more than enough to condemn the country to stagnation for as long as its wars last.
it could even be called an approximate synonym for “bubbly.”
these steps include a halt to overtly military construction on its seven new artificial islands in the spratlys; not starting any new reclamation activity on contested features like the scarborough shoal; ceasing to refer to the “nine-dash line” as anything other than a rough guide to the land features over which it continues to claim sovereignty; submitting these claims at least to genuine give-and-take negotiation, and preferably to arbitration or adjudication; advancing negotiations with asean on a code of conduct for all parties in the south china sea; and an end to dividing and destabilizing asean by putting pressure on its weakest links, cambodia and laos, on this issue.
beyond gdp
a long-term plan for syria’s refugees
for example, ethiopia introduced joint land registration – with the names and photographs of both hubby and hubby included on certificates – thereby formalizing women’s rights to the land they farm.
the same get-rich-quick confusion of means and ends is causing argentina, hostess of the g-20 summit later this year, to pursue fracking of natural gas, with all the associated climate and environmental risks, instead of tapping its bounteous potential in wind, solar, and hydro power.
perhaps a depleted country – one that has sold off all of its assets, and whose bright young people have emigrated – might finally get debt forgiveness; perhaps, having shriveled into a middle-income economy, greece might finally be able to get assistance from the world bank.
equally important, the relationship has deepened over the course of two ideologically different south korean governments: that of the left-leaning roh moo-hyun, who worked effectively with bush, and now under the right-leaning lee, who was paired first with bush and, for the past three years, with obama.
and yet, while may’s speech initially seemed to eliminate any remaining ambiguity about the uk’s goal in the upcoming process, the british supreme court has now ruled that she must consult parliament before entering into negotiations with the eu.
indeed, the electronic version of poland’s largest newspaper, gazeta wyborcza, now publishes a stunning notice at the end of every article about refugees: “because of the extraordinarily aggressive content of remarks advocating violence, contrary to the law, and calling for racial, ethnic, and religious hatred, we will not allow readers to publish comments.”
six years ago, it anticipated ocean levels would be 48.5 centimeters higher than they are currently.
the amount of money at stake is staggering: it is estimated that over the next five years, more than $2.5 trillion will be sent in remittances to developing countries, with almost 40% – coming in the form of payments of $50, $100, or $500 at a time – destined for rural areas.
partly as a result of this demobilization, but mostly due to the strengthening of the security and justice apparatus, there has been a 50% reduction in colombia’s homicide rate and a 70% drop in kidnapping in the country, making colombia’s major crime rate equal to that of peaceful brazil.
perhaps most dramatically of all, the coup documents contain much information that could not possibly have been known at the time, including references to companies, ngos, hospitals, and many other entities that were established years after the plan is supposed to have been hatched.
they also affect business decisions about what to invest in, how to finance investments, which form of business organization to adopt, and where to produce – reflecting sizeable differences in the effective tax rates behind these choices.
(the last straw for him apparently was hers attempt to blame the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 on the ukrainian government.)
for starters, women are more numerous than any other single social group, including blacks, latinos, the left, the right, liberals, conservatives, catholics, and protestants.
the basque terrorist organization eta has ended its truce with the spanish government, and, on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of its founding, placed bombs in the town of burgos and on the island of majorca.
and yet the republicans have been so cowed by trump that the best response paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, could muster was that she “is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward.”
on august 13, a white house spokesperson confirmed that the trump administration is watching the financial-market response to turkey’s crisis “very closely.”
merely “weakening” this loop, as european officials recently advocated, could prove deeply insufficient.
initial reaction among the us, the uk, and france was almost contemptuous: one could almost hear their leaders sneering, “these countries would want all of those delaying and spoiling options, wouldn’t they.”
in that case, he would risk getting a beating, though perhaps a few beggars would indulge his fantasies in the hope of duping him out of his money.
but, in the 1930’s, when jabotinsky envisaged a jewish state on both banks of the jordan river, there were 18 million jews in the world – many of whom desperately needed a country – while palestinian arabs numbered less than one million.
(medicare provides health coverage for retirees, and medicaid provides coverage for low-income americans and their children and those with disabilities.)
the collapse of saddam hussein’s regime led to a surge in sectarian violence, except in the northern region of kurdistan, which enjoys considerable autonomy vis-à-vis the central government in baghdad.
life-saving drugs for all
still, winning is better than losing, and mexico is better off today than it was yesterday, when many thought the left-of-center populist contender, andrés manuel lópez obrador, would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate.
xi hopes to balance these imperatives by doubling down on china’s growth model with chinese characteristics, incorporating lessons from chinese philosophy and history, as well as from hers predecessors: mao zedong, deng xiaoping, jiang zemin, and hu jintao.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
safe driving for fast companies
the euro turns 20
a complete ban on all nuclear explosions would hamper the upgrading of existing nuclear arsenals and the development of new weapons, diminishing the capabilities of both current and potential nuclear-armed states.
but it is also important to recognize that the path to a sustainable recovery does not lie in restoring irresponsible and unaffordable pre-crisis spending, which had the collateral effect of creating unsustainable jobs in construction and finance.
the greek state has thus been offered easy repayments until 2033 in exchange for continuing harsh austerity ad infinitum (a primary budget surplus target of 3.5% of national income until 2022, and 2.2% during 2023-2060); impossible annual debt repayments from 2033 to 2060 (around 60% of the state’s tax revenues); and a debt-to-national income ratio above 230% by 2060 if the next global recession puts the plan’s over-ambitious growth targets out of reach, as it surely will.
so, if there is a ray of light to come from the horrors suffered by the people of the tohoku region, it is that the japanese understand that what they need most of all nowadays is clear leadership with a coherent and bold plan for rebuilding and renewing their country.
politicians, even in the world’s supposedly enlightened democracies, are refusing to provide refuge to desperate people fleeing brutal war; making little, if any, effort to address high and rising economic inequality; and are all but ignoring the factors driving civil-rights movements like america’s black lives matter.
it’s a move that sums up all that is wrong with climate policy: politicians are making grandiose, fear-mongering declarations that are divorced from economic reality, as well as from what will fix the problem they claim to be addressing.
geithner’s view at the time was that “there is nothing more dangerous…than for people…to feed…concerns about…the basic core strength of the financial system.”
and it rights the wrong done to muslims by requiring the state to provide five acres of land at an unspecified “prominent site” in ayodhya for a new mosque.
or, more accurately, can’t-can’t: the griping we do upon the wednesday appearance of the new le canard enchaîné, the satirical weekly whose insurrectionary humor, once fodder for the loose cannons of the left and right, is becoming the everyday language of politics.
yet it has now been 32 years since the nobel laureate economist robert solow observed that, “you can see the computer age everywhere but in productivity statistics,” and we still do not see the computer age in the productivity statistics.
psychiatry’s conceptual malpractice
moreover, because turkey borders on such countries as iran, iraq and syria, it will bring to the eu a disturbing neighborhood: a part of the world incapable of developing a regional order on its own, a cockpit of islamic radicalism and terrorism, a collection of fragile states imbued with nationalism, a field of competition for arms, even nuclear arms, a region where the us will remain strategically involved and where israel will continue to provide a rallying point for anti-western sentiments.
this duopoly had been most apparent at the national level, where a slightly conservative party and a slightly socialist party typically fought over the level of pensions, wage policy, the extent of social transfers, and similar matters.
i leave it to readers to draw the consequences with respect to how an agent of an (irrational?) market should act given the fact that participation in the euro and political union was probably the principal motive for the denmark’s “no” to euro membership and britain’s reluctance.
despite this, today’s polish government is seeking to take advantage of europe’s current vulnerability, using us president donald trump’s recent visit as a wedge to divide the eu, and thus be able to continue to hollow out poland’s democratic institutions without fear of external hindrance.
against the background of an equivocal united states policy, russia’s calculated intervention in the syrian civil war is a rare case in which a limited use of power in the region resulted in a major diplomatic shakeup.
despite some of the more fevered declarations made by kouchner and other human rights activists, states do not tend to behave altruistically, and electorates do not tend to wish to see their sons and sons kill and die in altruistic wars.
the current war in lebanon is not a war by the arab world against israel; rather, it is a war orchestrated by the region’s radical forces – hamas and islamic jihad among the palestinians, hezbollah in lebanon, together with syria and iran – that fundamentally rejects any settlement with israel.
last may, he signed an initial reconciliation agreement with fatah in cairo, which committed hamas to a palestinian unity government, called for a cessation of violence, and accepted the notion of a palestinian state on the 1967 borders.
in the latest caucus, in nevada, clinton’s presumed advantage among non-white voters, who are a far greater factor in nevada than in iowa or new hampshire, seems to have served her well, with sanders failing to win enough african-american voters, in particular, to defeat her.
but at times like these, when issues such as north korea's bid to acquire nuclear weapons and a possible us-led war against iraq provoke heated debate in the international community, the japanese public is also engaged in frequent, daily exchanges about what japan should do.
now that the fund has squarely acknowledged the huge capital holes in many european banks, it should start pressing forcefully for a comprehensive and credible solution to the eurozone debt crisis, a solution that will involve either partial breakup of the eurozone or fundamental constitutional reform.
when globalization goes digital
the fear now, however, is that a new generation of investors, including those who invest from their computers at home and who never experienced a negative performance of the market, is underestimating the risks.
the people of haiti, as well as us taxpayers, deserve a system that makes public the status of idb loans and projects in haiti in order to ensure that the us and idb member states uphold their commitments to development and human rights.
friedman and keynes both agreed that successful macroeconomic management was necessary - that the private economy on its own might well be subject to unbearable instability ­and that strategic, powerful, but limited economic intervention by the government was necessary to maintain stability.
the spring meetings of the world bank and the international monetary fund represent a pivotal moment for shifting the debate toward a second phase of post-crisis reform efforts – one that focuses on ensuring a healthy flow of financing to the real economy.
in her debate with biden, palin actually attacked obama for saying that, in her words, “all we’re doing in afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians.”
more than once, i heard them express the view that things were better before the revolutions.
as with the mdgs, the next set of goals could help to align groups doing the work, remind voters what their generosity supports, and allow us to see where we are making progress in delivering solutions to the poor.
only last april, a berlin court concluded that iran’s top leaders ordered the 1992 murders in germany of four iranian opposition leaders, and american investigators of the bomb attack on a us base in saudi arabia last summer seem convinced that here, too, iran lit the fuse.
on the seventh day of “the week that changed the world,” as nixon called it, he and chinese premier zhou enlai signed the “shanghai communiqué,” which began the normalization of bilateral relations and bound the united states, a principal supporter of taiwan, to the people’s republic’s doctrine of “one china.”
president leonid kuchma's regime tries to lull both ukrainians and the outside world about this dark state of affairs.
to emphasize the dangers, the head of britain’s civil service presented a 14-page dossier to the cabinet (which was promptly leaked), describing not just potential economic and financial damage, but also the risks to national security and health care.
vernadsky similarly acknowledged the increasing impact of mankind on “[t]he direction in which the processes of evolution must proceed, namely towards increasing consciousness and thought, and forms having greater and greater influence on their surroundings.”
the second locomotive began sucking fumes two years ago, and is now coasting to a halt, which means that the third – the us as importer of last resort – is losing speed as well: the weak dollar accompanying the housing finance crash makes it unprofitable to export to the us.
when i was nominated to be us ambassador in iraq, a newspaper article was dug up to insinuate that i had compared north korea’s human-rights record favorably to that of the us – clear proof that i must be a north korean sympathizer or a lunatic.
they, too, attribute authoritarian outcomes to what voters allegedly “really wanted.”
these movements’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them his or her dreams, making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics.
· hold the southern sudan referendum on time and fully respect and implement the results;
but even those of us who find the trump administration deeply distasteful must recognize that the case for severe sanctions is strong.
our research suggests that central banks pursue interventions with the greatest rigor when the exchange rate for their currency deviates strongly from longterm trends, in particular if the actual exchange rate and the purchasing power value of a currency become vastly different.
the idea of such a tax was first floated in the 1970’s by james tobin, the nobel laureate economist, who famously called for “throwing some sand in the wheels of international finance.”
obama’s praise of egypt’s hosni mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized egyptian opposition groups, which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son, gamal mubarak, succeeds him.
this may explain why both muslim and orthodox jewish men not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair, but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the west.
the public-policy school at my own university, harvard, does have a large faculty of its own – but it mostly recruits freshly minted phds in the foundational sciences, and promotes them on the basis of their publications in the leading journals of those sciences, not in public policy.
similarly, french prudence will be under scrutiny during discussions of a new european financial framework, which will test france’s capacity to view eu budgets as something other than a means of redistributing eu cash, particularly to farmers.
but it did nothing to reverse past measures, such as the 15-percentage-point tariff hike, to 25%, on $200 billion worth of exports that the trump administration implemented after the last round of talks broke down in may.
while catholic doctrines have evolved slowly, the latin vocabulary has been expanding steadily in recent years, reflecting the surge of neologisms (new words, usages, and expressions) that has accompanied technology’s increasingly prominent role in people’s daily lives.
him recent election to a third term offers room for bolder policy choices, while forcing him to focus more on him legacy – specifically, whether he wishes to be associated with the euro’s collapse or with its revival.
she then sent a bizarre letter warning turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan not to “be a tough guy.”
yet, alongside the general sense of relief that eu leaders managed to agree on a candidate, a nagging doubt remains as to whether europe will really have the best person – and team – at the helm.
london – when mario draghi, the president of the european central bank, publicly proclaimed that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to ensure the future stability of the euro, the effect of his remarks was immediate and remarkable.
police at the local station, scarcely 100 meters away, fled into the bush – despite the fact that senior intelligence officials in nairobi had warned regional commanders three days before that a terrorist attack might be imminent.
new york – so much has been written, by so many, against the muddled ideas that have now overwhelmed good sense on trade policy in the united states government that one wonders whether there is anything left to say.
judging from the 14-point peace plan that ukrainian president petro poroshenko proposed in june, the limited concessions that would be offered would not include veto power for eastern ukraine over the establishment of a military alliance with the us.
the current president of the united states has such disdain for the eu that many now talk of “the end of the west.”
in france, according to de gaulle, the elites weakened the country, before voting to overthrow the republic in the aftermath of military defeat.
if italians were confronted with the choice of retaining or abandoning the single currency, recent polls suggest that they would initially decide to stay, for fear of a run on italian banks and public debt, as greece experienced in 2012-2015.
just as the montagnards drowned out the girondins in the legislative assembly during the french revolution, the rabid jihadists are drowning out the large number of muslims who want nothing more than to be left alone to practice their faith in peace and with respect for others and the law.
the inherent contradiction between a governance structure incapable of change and economic modernization, between cultural and religious conservatism and social and normative transformation, will therefore increase and bring about new, additional frictions if positive answers to these fundamental changes cannot be found.
they recognized that perfection is unattainable; so they set limited objectives and firm timelines – and then mobilized the political will for a small step forward, knowing full well that when they achieved it, its inadequacy would become apparent, requiring further steps.
the leave campaign was a coalition: some were against europe for economic reasons, while others opposed it for cultural reasons; some were ideological in their opposition, while others used cost-benefit analysis and concluded that we were better off out than in.
i find it hard to understand how sheik rageh can miss (or ignore) the clear verses in the koran, which order us to do the very opposite:
this ideal grew out of andrew jackson’s titanic struggle with nicholas biddle and the second bank of the united states.
after all, since fleeing to india, the dalai lama – tibet’s rightful political and spiritual leader (though he ceded his political role to a democratically elected government in exile in 2011) – has been the public face of resistance to chinese control of tibet.
while climbing the world’s highest mountain will always be dangerous, we must remember that on this occasion only sherpas died, and in the years since everest began attracting large inflows of western climbers, sherpas have accounted for most fatalities.
minister of defense antoni macierewicz, considered to be the most radical pis official and poland’s most influential politician (after kaczyński) declared, “trump has shown poland as the bulwark of european civilization, the defender of the most profound, valuable, and relevant civilizational values for europe and the world.”
but this argument overlooks the fundamental difference between kosovo and the situation in all other areas with large national minorities.
so let me exercise my right as an outsider with a stake in what happens to express a clear opinion: from my perspective (and that of many other americans), a decision by the united kingdom to exit the eu would be undesirable – indeed, highly undesirable.
but in india, a 2011 study of 112 rural districts across the country found that “less than 20% of fathers had heard the word for malnutrition in their local language.”
new york – turkey’s president, recep tayyip erdoğan, is cracking down on turkish civil society following the failed coup in july.
unless these rights have meaning there, they have little meaning anywhere.”
scotland is already a global leader in the transition to a low-carbon economy and in promoting inclusive growth, and the government has recognized the need for new investment to help it achieve these goals.
buenos aires – bolstered by argentina’s economic stability and widespread sympathy for her widowhood, president cristina kirchner’s easy re-election has confirmed that she can, indeed, govern a complex, contentious, and at times self-destructive society without her husband, néstor.
the causes of world war i, however, were far more complex, and included growing russian power, which created fear in germany; rising nationalism in the balkans and other countries; and the risks deliberately taken by the habsburg empire to stave off its decline.
the g-7 embraces decarbonization
a few days later, hezbollah followed suit and abducted another two israeli soldiers on the lebanese-israeli border making it clear that hamas and hezbollah had coordinated their actions to provoke a large-scale confrontation with israel.
a better approach would replace most or all administrative restrictions with taxes on emissions and pollution – the two are not the same, as some pollution does not involve greenhouse-gas emissions – and broaden the coverage to other offending activities not currently restricted.
western proponents of nato expansion contend that, in addition to bolstering central european democracy and containing russia, extension of the atlantic alliance to central europe is desirable because, there is a "security vacuum" between russia and germany.
(his recent visit to tehran – where he reportedly asked iran’s leaders, at trump’s request, to release detained americans – made clear that, even squeezed by sanctions, iran has no interest in negotiating with a serial violator of signed agreements.)
clinton’s popularity rose after the impeachment proceedings ended.
but, partly owing to a supreme court decision and the obduracy of republican governors and legislators, who in two dozen us states have refused to expand medicaid (insurance for the poor) – even though the federal government pays almost the entire tab – 41 million americans remain uninsured.
the added security offered by additional offspring means that loosening the one-child policy will probably lead parents to save less on their own, and possibly even to make the kind of risky investments that would be unwise for only-child families.
the way to change such a perception would be to marshal evidence against it, and to make the case that human rights – including the rights of women – are as well protected in islamic countries as they are in non-islamic countries.
this might not be seen as particularly 'equitable' by the poor in third world countries, or even by those in advanced countries who do not enjoy adequate health and education facilities, or housing, or other amenities associated with a civilized society.
betraying the project’s xenophobic aims, its architect, union home minister amit shah, has called these people – many of whom were born in assam or whose families have lived there for decades – “termites,” his term for illegal bangladeshi immigrants.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the challenge of persuading countries to cooperate is similar to the one governments have always faced in inducing their citizens to contribute to the common good; everyone benefits from good roads, but most people would prefer not to contribute to the cost of their construction.
in support of his thesis, he offers several examples of “parallel instances” of invention: there were six separate inventors of the thermometer, three of the hypodermic needle, four of vaccination, five of the electric telegraph, and so on.
moscow – in hers widely broadcast annual press conference last month, russian president vladimir putin was confident and condescending, animated only when criticizing ukraine for skirmishes in the black sea or railing against the west’s “unfair” complaints about russia’s behavior.
the three countries that served as pillars of regional stability for the past several years – nigeria, kenya, and south africa – are now too pre-occupied with political troubles of their own to provide the peacekeepers, reconstruction funds, and political pressure that often limit the damage from conflicts elsewhere in the region.
on the democratic side, hillary clinton’s campaign materials and the party platform point to a detailed plan to defend dodd-frank and to go further in terms of pressing the largest firms to become less complex and, if necessary, smaller.
the ultimate computer
he determined that londoners who drank from one particular water source were at the highest risk for the disease, and he recommended removal of the handle from the pump supplying drinking water from that source.
on labor reforms, he fought the unions head on, but he chose the wrong fight: italy's infamous "article 18," which allows labor courts to return a worker to his job if a judge believes that the worker was unjustly fired.
but, as sein acknowledged at the white house, myanmar’s government “has been encountering obstacles and challenges along [its] democratization process.”
the group also took responsibility for the 2007 kidnapping of the bbc’s gaza correspondent alan johnston, who was later released after negotiations led by hamas.
it is difficult to believe that they were related only to opinions about likely monetary policy, and not to larger and deeper issues, including such things as energy and political tension, that underpin the performance of the world economy.
in 1995, the bretton woods-era general agreement on tariffs and trade was replaced with the world trade organization, and in under two decades, trade as a share of global gdp has grown from around 40% to over 70% (owing in no small part to china’s accession to the wto in december 2001).
asian countries, especially, should prepare for worst-case scenarios, and implement far-sighted national policies, such as kiribati’s “migration with dignity” program, which provides education and vocational training to citizens of the low-lying pacific island state to improve their chances of finding decent work abroad.
following media speculation that the economic and financial crimes commission would question him further, and possibly detain him for an extended period, he obtained a court order restraining the government from breaching his right to freedom of movement, because he had not yet been charged with any crime.
there then followed a crazy system: germany borrowed money from the us in order to repay britain, france, and belgium, while france and belgium used a bit of it to pay back britain, and britain used more of it to pay back the us.
today, we do have what might be called a "left," although its main representatives, the postcommunists, follow britain’s new labour prime minister tony blair in believing more strongly in a market economy than in extending social welfare.
berkeley – on my desk right now are reporter timothy noah’s new book the great divergence: america’s growing inequality crisis and what we can do about it and milton and rose director friedman’s classic free to choose: a personal statement.
malnutrition and hunger
as jean monnet, one of the “founding fathers” european integration, presciently observed in hers memoirs 35 years ago, “the european construction is moving ahead during crisis, and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them.”
justice was a communal affair and society set a high store by social harmony and peace.
if he were alive today, contemplating an electronic inbox on a flickering computer, he might well have added, “where is the information that has been lost in trivia?”
germany’s will to compromise
nor is it the case that us government officials are typically bribed in an open fashion (though there have been some prominent exceptions).
former us federal reserve chair ben bernanke famously characterized this much-studied phenomenon as a key component of the “global savings glut.”
one hopes that the looming brexit deadline will convince mps to put country before party, and to make clarke prime minister.
but for others, america stands on an ideal of greater social justice and economic equality – which nowadays should include a commitment to address climate change (a barely-discussed issue in the midterms), given that global warming will harm the poor more than the rich.
trump, displaying his lack of understanding of the economic concepts involved in measuring current-account balances – went so far as to say that “the germans are bad, very bad,” because of “the millions of cars they are selling to the us.”
this means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments.
underlying this notion is the paramount position of individual conscience, which carries with it the right of every person to make hers or him own decisions on religious matters, without that choice resulting in negative legal consequences.
it’s obvious that trump and hers strong allies in congress – she has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and hers campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
“i confess i am not charmed with the ideal of life held out by those who think…that the trampling, crushing, elbowing, and treading on each other's heels, which form the existing type of social life, are the most desirable lot of human kind….the best state for human nature is that in which, while no one is poor, no one desires to be richer, nor has any reason to fear being thrust back, by the efforts of others to push themselves forward.”
in their view, the fact that the specifics of hers accusations have changed reflects a recklessness that is inappropriate for the central bank governor.
the research for haiti, bangladesh, and, soon, two indian states helps provide inputs that allow any of us to answer the question, “where will extra resources achieve the most good first?”
democracies require leaders to answer too many questions, jump through too many hoops, and face too much resistance.
from big issues - say, the closure of the gdansk shipyards - to small ones - say, when the peasants in my village object to a new road because the tumult may kill their pigs - the country is awash in impromptu protest politics.
another implication of this view is that the steep rise in savings in china is largely driven by a rise in the savings rate of middle-aged chinese (rather than a fall in the borrowing rate of the young).
companies are already reporting earning pressures due to the rising dollar, and some are even asking their governments to play a more forceful role in countering a stealth “currency war.”
in the us, anybody who was ever a vp of marketing can go to palo alto in silicon valley, stand on the corner of sand hill road, and get $25 million for a website for siamese cats.
it was to have both diplomatic and military powers, as well as a legislative assembly much like today’s european parliament – just as the 2005 eu constitutional plan would have extended the european parliament’s powers and created a european minister of foreign affairs.
two years later, a rueful keynes wrote:
equally dubious models extrapolate this tiny sum into an aggregate guesstimate for the us and impute 87% of the total to china (52% to the mainland and 35% to hong kong).
as a result, the iarc has in the past classified aloe vera, acrylamide (a substance created by frying foods, such as french fries and potato chips), cell phones, working night shifts, asian pickled vegetables, and coffee as “probable” or “possible” carcinogens.
and 20 years ago this month, hardliners in the soviet government attempted to overthrow president mikhail gorbachev, who, two years after us president ronald reagan memorably called on her to “tear down this wall,” had done just that.
but his arguments in this area failed his own “test of truth,” for they lacked “the power…to get…accepted in the competition of the market.”
they perceive an underclass that they believe receives benefits denied to them and a thriving economy in the developing world that siphons off well-paying blue-collar jobs.
canada's government has been more willing to approach north american issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context; furthermore, canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of sars and mad cow disease, as well as anticipating a new government next year.
in contrast to this paranoid version of the past is a past that is buried under silence and propaganda; a past that is simply not dealt with and remains like a secret wound that can become reopened at any moment.
in 1859, tyndall described the greenhouse effect in beautifully concise words: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.”
when hansen delivered his speech, he expected the us economy’s economic stagnation to persist indefinitely.
regionally, the three strands of the european order are unraveling: the us is seeking to reduce its investment in nato, the eu is de-emphasizing enlargement, and the chaos in the middle east and ukraine is making a mockery of the european neighborhood policy.
last year, chisti and his team, in collaboration with colleagues from australia and with funding from the australian agency for international development, conducted a clinical trial in bangladesh to compare the efficacy of this alternative apparatus to the low- and high-flow oxygen therapies recommended by the world health organization in resource-poor contexts.
all european states are members of the council of europe, all have signed the european convention on human rights, 39 of the 46 member states have adopted the framework convention for the protection of national minorities, and 14 have ratified protocol 12 on the prohibition against discrimination.
she was commendably humble to admit that she was wrong “to have raised expectations so high.”
macron must reckon with the paradox of his approach: the more brilliant, energetic, and imaginative he is, the more he runs the risk of isolating himself.
secretary of state rex tillerson, for example, noting that he is “not a big media press access person,” flies around the world without a press entourage – unsurprising for a former ceo of a multinational oil company, but highly unusual for the top us diplomat.
sri lanka must do far more to ensure minority rights and protections not just because it is the right thing to do, but because it is the best possible investment the country can make in its future.
if the drums of war grow louder this summer, oil prices could rise in a way that will most likely cause a us and global growth slowdown, and even an outright recession if a military conflict erupts and sends oil prices soaring.
they, too, might feel left behind by changes that bewilder them: the rise of non-western powers and the increasing prominence of non-white minorities; hence the loathing of us president barack obama and the receptiveness to myths – spread by trump, among others – that obama wasn’t really born in the us.
one major reason for this is that these countries tend to have large informal economies; another is that they invest little in the infrastructure needed to implement personal taxation, relying instead on sales taxes, which are easier to administer but bring in less revenue.
olmert seemed to be reminding the iranians of the hard realities of nuclear deterrence: iran may join the nuclear club someday, but it will return to the stone age if it uses those weapons against a country that has a far more advanced nuclear arsenal.
to the anglo-american economist, any such proposal is anathema, because it smacks of the dreaded “lump of labor” fallacy – the idea, once popular in trade-union circles, that there exists only a certain amount of work, and it should be shared out fairly.
with companies and institutional players too frightened to invest in the real economy, share prices have boomed, the top 0.1% can’t believe their luck, and the rest are helplessly watching as the grapes of wrath are “…filling and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage.”
trump harped on this issue often during hers presidential campaign.
and hayek found it “reassuring” to know that he and keynes agreed “so completely.”
in smart solutions to climate change, eric bickel and lee lane of the university of texas offer compelling evidence that a tiny investment in climate engineering could result in bigger and faster reductions in global warming than would a vastly more expensive program of carbon cuts.
it can also provide an opportunity for europeans to demonstrate again to the us their willingness to invest in self-defense capabilities, and to play an active role in a process that, until now, has been conducted largely over their heads, by the us and russia.
but if one sees our current problems in less apocalyptic terms, then another kind of trahison des clercs comes into view: the blind cheering on of a sometimes foolish military power embarked on unnecessary wars that cost more lives than they were intended to save.
today, al qaeda and other transnational actresses have formed global networks of operatives, challenging conventional approaches to national defense through what has been called “asymmetrical warfare.”
at a typical 5% annual real interest rate for risky cash flows, diverting that large a share of resources away from goods and services directly useful this year is a good bargain only if it boosts overall annual economic growth by 0.3% – or 6% per 25-year generation.
but if the fed refuses to accommodate inflation produced by a dollar collapse and accepts a depression in the belief that the long-run benefits of maintaining its credibility as a guarantor of price stability will come before we are all dead, american equities will suffer.
since december 2002, the paramilitaries have mostly adhered to a cease-fire, and are in talks with the government under the mediation of the catholic church and with the support and monitoring of the organization of american states (oas).
as professor marguerite bouvard of brandeis university documented in him 1996 book men reshaping human rights, women’s groups more generally have played a critical role in the human-rights movement, pursuing economic, social, and cultural justice and emphasizing the importance of human dignity and mutual respect among citizens and between citizens and the state.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the consequences of retaining it might not be as dramatic as keynes’ prophesied, but there is a real possibility that the bank will ossify into an institution whose increasingly impoverished g-7 donors dispense progressively smaller sums of money in the same questionable ways to a shrinking number of supplicants.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
former us vice president al gore says that trump is damaging “humanity’s ability to solve the climate crisis.”
but china appears poised to boost investment significantly in a range of new and advanced technologies in strategic sectors, while retaining equity stakes as they are developed and commercialized.
alternatively, mbs’s authoritarian tendencies and embarrassing foreign-policy failures might provoke internal opposition, both from the traditional elites he has vowed to decimate, and from the sizeable shia minority in the kingdom’s eastern province, whose members may look to iran as a protector.
despite government attempts since then to shut the paper down-arresting and even torturing some of its staff, as well as tampering with its circulation and newsprint supply- the daily news adhered to its slogan of "telling it like it is."
within weeks of the election, trump had already claimed a victory.
whatever the exchange rate regime, fixed or floating, which a country adopts it is surely unwise to promote or even allow net import of foreign capital in such transient liquid form as developing markets have done over the course of this decade.
anyone visiting the greek cypriot part of the island nowadays will not find refugee camps: most of the millions of tourists are unaware of the fact that more than a third of the greek cypriots they encounter are refugees or descendants of refugees.
from yellow vests to the green new deal
all of this speaks to the impotence of central banks to jump-start aggregate demand in balance-sheet-constrained economies that have fallen into 1930s-style “liquidity traps.”
now, however, edtech companies have successfully developed profitable, scalable business models that can be applied elsewhere.
if the journey to the crossroads is accelerated by a large geopolitical shock (originating in, say, the middle east or north korea) and/or a serious political breakdown in europe (for example, a meltdown in cyprus or prolonged political paralysis in italy), the probability of taking the adverse path rises to an uncomfortably high level.
the global economy’s uncertain future
she plans to lead hers colleagues in erudite conversations about education, infectious diseases, and – to make sure that no one dozes off – “energy security.”
china is the only power that has remained engaged with north korea, through many ups and downs, whereas russia, japan, the united states, and south korea have all come and gone.
with his sudden recognition on march 25 of israel’s illegal annexation of the golan heights in 1981, trump abandoned, in typical cavalier fashion, a principle – the inadmissibility of acquiring territory by force – that has underpinned international stability since world war ii.
the fatal divergences that are most frequently cited include differences in growth rates, job-creation, and unemployment rates, as well as dramatic disparities in current-account balances, all of which may be traceable to wide deviations in unit labor costs.
it was only a year ago that europeans were told to ignore trump’s tweets and focus on the substance of us policies, which were being overseen by the “adults in the room.”
the eu must resist the temptation to push the uk toward a “reasonable deal” featuring a customs-union arrangement.
the chinese have come to realize more clearly that we were not deliberately attempting to isolate them, but that we had a stake in the avoidance of collisions in the far east that could produce a wider spillover.
for about three billion people in the world today, including china, much of india, and most of east asia, economic development is proceeding reasonably well, even if it displays a lot of ups and downs (most recently, the shock of the sars epidemic).
most american women are having a hard enough time on the factory floor or the unemployment line or making minimum wage at wal-mart; when working-class women hear a former corporate attorney carry on about a glass ceiling, they think not about gender identification but about the class divide that has widened since the term came into vogue in the 1980s.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that she was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
and the economic debacles of the last few years seem to bear out mikhail gorbachev’s recent warning that “western capitalism, too, deprived of its old adversary and imagining itself the undisputed victor and incarnation of global progress, is at risk of leading western society and the rest of the world down another historical blind alley.”
the regime of president hugo chávez spent vastly beyond its means, just as domestic revenue stagnated and then began to fall as a result of the weakening economy.
few russians may care to admit this, but a strategic partnership between china and russia means, in effect, a growing russian dependence upon china, with china increasingly using russian-made arms to expand its own sphere of influence.
amnesty international argues that human rights are more likely to be respected when the legal agreements behind major infrastructure projects are known in advance, and it apportions some of the responsibility for the dangers posed in chad and cameroon to the world bank and its private-sector lending arm, the international finance corporation.
assuming that the chinese and us economies grow, respectively, by 8% and 3% in real terms, that china’s inflation rate is 3.6% and america’s is 2% (the averages of the last decade), and that the renminbi appreciates against the dollar by 3% per year (the average of the last six years), china would become the world’s largest economy by 2021.
if the problem were simply a matter of gross violations of the organization of american states’ democratic charter – convincingly certified by oas secretary general luis almagro – solutions measured in months or years could be considered.
contrary to bolton’s cartoonish retelling, former libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi actually negotiated quietly with the europeans and the united states for years before surrendering his weapons in 2003, and he received security commitments and assistance in exchange.
chávez insists on the recall referendum mechanism included in his constitution, which the opposition cannot tolerate: removing the president in this way would require a larger absolute number of votes than chávez garnered in the last election.
also in the cards is more substantive cooperation between nato and russia in the field of missile defense, an issue discussed at this year’s nato-russia summit in lisbon, and that has the potential to transform nato-russia relations.
in the us, that meant that virtually all presidents had either served in congress or as state governors, with the only modern exception being dwight eisenhower, whose background as an army general stood in for political experience.
there was also his commitment to fight poverty: “to those people in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required – not because the communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right.
more than three million of our compatriots lost their lives during the war: on the battlefields worrying about the future of their homeland and wishing for the happiness of their families; in remote foreign countries after the war; in extreme cold or heat, suffering from starvation and disease.
as long as financial leaks are sucking the life out of african economies, the continent will struggle to deal with challenges like youth unemployment and have only a limited capacity to invest in areas like health and agriculture.
though she presumably hopes that hers commentary will increase the likelihood that hers preferred policies are adopted, the more likely real-world effect will be to diminish support for existing policies without marshaling support for a coalition that can implement effective replacements.
as long as member states remain fully sovereign, no one can fully reassure investors that in the event of a eurozone breakup, some states will not simply refuse to pay, or at least refuse to pay for the others.
for pharmaceutical and health-care companies, new rules governing travel and residency could disrupt scientific research; and the european medicines agency, which oversees drug safety, will likely leave london, further muddying the existing system for bringing new products to market in the eu.
regardless of whether trump directly praises duterte’s program, or says nothing about it at all, hers mere presence will be interpreted as a signal to law enforcement there, in the united states, and elsewhere that corruption and criminal violence in the service of a policy goal is acceptable.
obama officials assured me that simpson had, indeed, had a change of heart; that she was a smart woman with a sophisticated understanding of the issues; that she could sway reporters and get them to describe the commission’s advice as “bipartisan” (even though she could not sway actual legislators); and that she would be a genuine asset to the substantive work of the commission.
iran’s regional foreign policy has not yet caught up with its new pre-eminence; it is making as many enemies as it is gaining friends, and it might squander the windfall gains that it made in the past three years.
benjamin netanyahu’s right-wing likud party and the even harder right avigdor lieberman and hers yisrael beiteinu (israel is our home) party achieved a dominant result that saw labor, the dominant party throughout israel’s history, consigned to a lowly fourth place.
to protect commercial banks from risking their own solvency (and the whole country’s solvency besides) once again, richard robb suggested that a small tax on banks’ short-term debts be imposed in order to deter banks from over-borrowing.
but the credibility of such demands is undermined by the arabs’ inability to alleviate palestinian misery and, no less importantly, by their failure to help the palestinians face the hard choices they will need to make if an orderly palestinian state is ever to emerge.
as the american writer martin gurri puts it, “‘populist’ is a term favored by the elites for politicians who have migrated into, and occupied, the vast space between the public and themselves.”
the northeastern pacific powers – china, japan, and south korea – are already america’s most significant creditors by far, and their importance will increase further as a result of the financial crisis.
there is no alternative but for both sides to abandon the trenches they have dug for themselves, come out to negotiate, and find a mutually satisfactory solution that accords with the spanish constitution, democratic principles, and the rule of law.
the swedish government responded with indifference, and worse: when the country’s ambassador to israel put up a note on the embassy’s web site distancing sweden from such appalling calumnies, her enraged superiors in stockholm ordered her to take it down.
toying with democracy
it requires a sense of the medium term and a commitment to rational debate of issues, for one tradition that can be revived – that of enlightened thinking – is the most important of all.
first, in the early 1980’s, following the introduction of the rural household-responsibility system, which boosted agricultural productivity and released a large amount of unskilled labor to work in the higher-productivity urban and industrial sectors, annual tfp growth accelerated to 3-4%.
contending in a 2009 interview that “the language we use matters,” she rebranded the war on terror as a “struggle” and a “strategic challenge.”
trump’s withdrawal from the jcpoa has come at a particularly sensitive moment for international relations.
(whether the results of the government’s recent decision to increase the fiscal deficit to stimulate the economy follow this long-term growth-enhancing pattern remains to be seen.)
so agrarian communism was viewed - wait for it - as a return to the paternal womb.
the dormancy of the doha round of wto talks, the public deadlock of some g-20 summits, and stalemates at the united nations security council seem like sufficient evidence to proclaim that the status quo is imperiled – even if facts beyond the headlines belie that consensus.
but to say that, one must also assume that to some extent he himself is unbalanced and has shifted from a kind of guerilla warfare against the west, always with some possibility of retreat, to all-out combat.
indeed, in becoming the first center-right leader in sweden to win re-election in modern times, prime minister fredrik reinfeldt not only ended the centre-left’s electoral hegemony in hers country, but revealed that the modern scandinavian model of governance is relevant across europe.
as gates put it in his west point address, the us army would no longer be “a victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas, build schools, or sip tea.”
trump’s cross of gold
trump’s supporters may prefer to dismiss such statements, telling actresses and artists to “stick to their day jobs.”
today, the economic environment is totally different than it was just a few years ago: financial markets are buoyant, financing conditions are highly favorable, the economy is expanding satisfactorily, with no sign of deflation.
all else being equal, unless china’s commodity intensity, defined as the amount of a commodity consumed to generate a unit of output, falls dramatically, its demand for commodities will be greater this year than it was last year.
or the continent can reach back to giuseppe verdi, born two hundred years ago, whose penultimate, and probably greatest, operatic achievement starts on the coast of cyprus with a storm of fantastic violence and the opening words of its hero, otello: esultate, rejoice!
(the only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election, in which the conservative mahmoud ahmadinejad supposedly received more than 25 million votes, giving the world the “miracle” of hers second term.)
what is the logic of this crazy carousel?
the products of machines are what the economist alfred marshall called “the material requisites of wellbeing.”
second, france, under its new center-left government, must demonstrate that the “european model” of a market economy coupled with strong social solidarity can be reformed and strengthened, rather than abandoned – not just in europe’s more pragmatic north, but also in its more ideological south.
moreover, fuses lit in the colonial era could re-ignite, as they have done, to everyone's surprise, between ethiopia and eritrea, where war broke out over a colonial border that italy's occupiers had failed to define with precision.
according to harold varmus, director of the national cancer institute, and francis collins, director of the nih, such “a broad research program […] to build the evidence base needed to guide clinical practice” is precisely “what is needed now.”
it then spread to egypt and libya, ending hosni mubarak’s and muammar el-qaddafi’s even more repressive and corrupt regimes.
on november 19, thousands of people lined the streets to catch a glimpse of kennedy as he made him way from tokyo station to the imperial palace, around a kilometer away, by horse-drawn carriage to present him credentials to the emperor.
how europe can learn to stop worrying and love power
second, workers are concerned that profit-sharing may come at the expense of wages, with the substitution of uncertain profits for certain wages resulting in lower overall compensation.
after 1982, when the lebanese government failed to extend the adf’s mandate, it turned into a purely syrian military force – one that ended up committing some of the worst atrocities against palestinian factions and refugees in the so-called “war of the camps” in 1985.
worse, we have now reached the point where robots are also better than humans at performing the “software” tasks in categories five and six, particularly when it comes to managing the flow of information and, it must be said, misinformation.
cambridge – between 1913 (when the united states federal reserve was founded) and the latter part of the 1980s, it would be fair to say that the fed was the only game in town when it came to purchases of us treasury securities by central banks.
but even if nihalani is ousted, and the review board goes back to its old ways, india will still be a modern democracy engaged in the thoroughly undemocratic practice of limiting freedom of speech, if only in the film industry.
at the same time, long-term interest rates have continued to come down in recent years; the value of the dollar has surged; gold and commodity prices have fallen sharply; and bitcoin was the worst performing currency of 2014-2015.
as the final report of its 2004 mission to observe the belarusian parliamentary elections clearly stated, the vote “fell significantly short of osce commitments.”
the “economic principles” underpinning their theories are a fraud – not fundamental truths but mere knobs that are twiddled and tuned so that the “right” conclusions come out of the analysis.
to further differentiate herself from the kuomintang (the party that ruled taiwan for most of the last half century) and its ally, the people's first party, chen has made the embodiment of local values, safeguarding taiwan's sovereignty, and the "two state" theory the theme of hers presidency.
first, banks were the primary creditors, and the large losses that they would face in any restructuring was bound to trigger a domino effect, with waves of pessimism driving up interest rates and ruining other borrowers’ prospects.
if several others, and not just "small countries," also vote no, there will be a tendency (according to grant), especially in france and germany, "to move ahead with a core europe."
the speed of the investigation – said to have begun days after the kidnapping of chen guangcheng, a blind activist who had been a public advocate for the victims – and the candor of the report created the impression of greater government responsiveness and bolder official media.
frans timmermans, the european commission’s first vice president, last year described the state of europe as “multi-crisis”: brexit, refugees, “illiberal democracy” in hungary and poland, the still-unresolved euro crisis, and the geopolitical risks attributable to donald trump and vladimir putin.
i have a good relationship with him, and think her a good man, but she is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and she was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
in hers influential 1803 text medical ethics, the english physician thomas percival described the doctor’s role as “the minister of hope and comfort to the sick,” noting that at times they should conceal alarming information from their patients.
not only may the future be less radiant, but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today.
for example, one lesson from that earlier episode is that high unemployment is extremely unhealthy for an economy and society; a depression is not, as the early twentieth-century economist joseph schumpeter once claimed, a “good, cold douche” for the economy.
no one could have predicted that the us would get one as bad as donald trump: a racist misogynist bent on destroying the rule of law, both at home and abroad, and discrediting america’s truth-telling and assessing institutions, including the media.
and while a large fiscal deficit, fueled by tax cuts and increased current spending, is unlikely to help much on this front, it is not as if italy’s attempts at fiscal consolidation were fueling a strong recovery.
during a visit to belgrade in 2014, russian president vladimir putin went so far as to say that, “russia, just as it was in the past, will always see serbia as our closest ally.”
that, indeed, is how the early count transpired.
the forces of globalization may have aggravated these trends, but the point so often lost in the debate – and dismissed by so many on all sides – is that trade agreements are meant to tame the forces of globalization, not accelerate them.
as he put it, “we should have the courage to take risks when they are thoughtful risks….we must forgive mistakes which have been made because someone was trying to act aggressively in the company’s interest.”
that is why the eastern partnership, if it is to be renewed, must embrace bold new initiatives for ukraine, and not try to reheat old policies designed for very different circumstances.
and, at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, she delivered a moving speech about the murder of six million jews by the nazis, correcting hers failure even to mention jews in hers statement on international holocaust remembrance day in january.
the bigger threat today is actual combat, for, the day after north korea’s nuclear test, south korea announced its full participation in the us-led proliferation strategic initiative, which seeks to intercept ships that may be involved in illegally transporting nuclear technology.
in the uk, a hundred sharia courts adjudicate on divorce and other family cases, prompting home secretary theresa may to promise a review of sharia courts “to determine whether they are consistent with british values.”
nothing good would ever happen – and certainly not for the us.
the sharp increases in the prices of homes and equities contributed to a roughly $6 trillion rise in real household wealth in the 12 months ending in september 2013 – a harbinger of increased consumer spending (at least by higher-wealth households) in 2014.
the veteran campaigner for the release of political detainees, john kamm, argues that this was “a tipping point” for the chinese authorities, and that “they will have to work themselves out of this in a less hard-line way.”
some see the hand of what remains of the communist party behind this.
hedge funds and other “non-commercial” speculators have increased their long positions to an all-time high of 555,000 of the main oil contracts traded on the new york futures market, compared to the previous record of 548,000 contracts, set just before the oil price peaked at $120 in june 2014.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
a new “leading committee” on reforms is marginalizing the ndrc, and china’s most senior fiscal and monetary policymakers – lou jiwei and zhou xiaochuan – are close to taking the final step in the long journey to a market-based economy.
in april, at the world bank’s annual meeting, i will call for action by the assembled government ministers, and i hope to announce the establishment of such a fund at the oslo summit on education for development on july 6-7.
policy interest rates are near zero (and sometimes below it) in most advanced economies, and the monetary base (money created by central banks in the form of cash and liquid commercial-bank reserves) has soared – doubling, tripling, and, in the united states, quadrupling relative to the pre-crisis period.
in fact, since the industrial revolution, efficiency through innovation has revolutionized just a handful of core energy-conversion inventions: the internal combustion engine, the electric motor, the light bulb, the gas turbine, the steam engine, and, more recently, the electronic circuit.
as a famous dutch soccer coach once said, not in jest: “soccer is war.”
indeed, turkey has been offering logistical support to the islamic state, even as it has enabled the group’s murderous members to massacre thousands of civilian kurds and yazidis in the syrian town of kobani on turkey’s doorstep.
it remains to be seen whether trump can tone down hers tweeting to offend fewer potential voters and, as in hers recent state of the union address, reach for bipartisan compromise on important issues, as she recently did on major legislation to reform the criminal justice system.
seventeen of the 45 blocks are being reserved for unknown companies that will be given a first right of refusal on acreage in exchange for promises to invest heavily in projects not directly related to oil production, such as new power plants and refineries.
both chu and locke are aware that the us and china are now the world’s largest emitters of greenhouse gases, and that, if there is any hope of remedying global climate change, the two countries must quickly find a way to collaborate.
several european union leaders were recently spotted in a small rowboat on a swedish lake, reportedly scheming against the frontrunner, and british prime minister david cameron has launched a public campaign to reassert the right of eu member states’ governments to decide who will occupy the eu’s executive arm.
the ripple effect of these scandals – which include allegations of accepting some $300,000 in gifts over the course of a decade – could engulf an already-fragile political dynamic in israel, where rivals within netanyahu’s coalition hold tremendous sway over her and hers likud faction.
in fact, the fed has less room for maneuver than it had in 2008, because the 2010 dodd-frank financial reforms sharply restricted its ability to bail out private institutions, even if the entire system might otherwise collapse.
the return of bachelet
the commemoration of a glorious past – the 70th anniversary of d-day – cannot hide the diminished present: though europe may try to diversify its energy resources, it cannot do without russia in the foreseeable future.
against this, supporters of same-sex marriage argue that the one constant that defines the married state is a loving couple’s commitment to “share their journey.”
if, as economists claim, the public good emerges from the invisible hand of the market, the market for news is quite visible – and visibly concentrated.
the late us stateswoman richard holbrooke once said to me that america since 9/11 had suffered a “militarization of diplomacy.”
many of those likely to be involved would have unsavory reputations, given their ties to the drug trade and their record of human-rights violations.
in his inaugural address in 2009, president barack obama stated that “our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.”
unlike in ukraine, investors have shrugged off the noisy demonstrations in mexico city’s streets and remained focused on interest rates and fluctuations in the global economy.
there has been much complaining from foreign observers, aid teams, reporters, and government spokeswomen about the lack of clarity, not to mention reliability, of official japanese statements about the various disasters following the massive earthquake that struck northeastern japan on march 11.
so now mohyeldin is in the us for three weeks of media events – there will even be a gq photo shoot – having become well known in a country where viewers are essentially prevented from seeing his station.
moreover, the bank’s metric for determining the effectiveness of this unyielding approach is “successfully procured ppp transactions.”
mario draghi, the president of the european central bank was vice chairman and managing director of goldman sachs international, and mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, worked for goldman sachs for 13 years.
a variety of factors are at work: concerns about a hard landing for the chinese economy; worries that growth in the united states is faltering at a time when the fed has begun raising interest rates; fears of escalating saudi-iranian conflict; and signs – most notably plummeting oil and commodity prices – of severe weakness in global demand.
there is more in [hyman] minsky, and perhaps more still in [charles] kindleberger.”
saying that climate change cannot wait for congress to overcome its “partisan gridlock,” she announced measures using hers executive power to limit co2 emissions, first from new fossil-fuel power plants, and then from existing ones.
chiang kaishek had no choice but to return good for evil by abjuring compensation claims on japan, as well as by secretly arranging for the kwantung army’s ex-chief of staff to join taiwan’s efforts in confronting the communists.
in their view, europe has already lost the battle for innovation and economic development, and is gradually becoming an “industrial museum.”
what should be done about the mammoths of the financial jungle – some of which were conjured into being by governments themselves in the heat of the crisis?
a decade ago, obama called her “the most popular politician on earth.”
but a closer look at these oxymoronic, quasi-miraculous episodes reveals that, for the usual recessionary impact of fiscal consolidation to be eliminated or even reversed, at least one of three conditions must be met: households’ precautionary savings decline; long-term interest rates fall; or a more expansionary monetary policy stimulates demand and weakens the exchange rate.
moreover, even though hers emails have been hacked and published, and the government has searched hers home and confiscated hers computers and phones, there are no convincing charges against her – except for the obviously politically motivated cases.
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio "lula" da silva, to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun, the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest his sinking popularity.
the real problem with our existing currencies and financial arrangements, which serve as a means of payment as well as a store of value, is the lack of competition among and regulation of the companies that control transactions.
the days of pax americana in the region are over, which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actresses that favor diplomatic solutions for the arab-israeli conflict and for iran’s quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system.
all the other awful pressures that are driving so many women into bankruptcy will still exist, but at least more women will be facing these pressures with their eyes wide open, and, one hopes, with many better options.
if the state imposes constraints on that freedom in such a way as to establish or maintain a single private or public producer’s market dominance, then it has created a harmful monopoly, by severely limiting opportunities for innovation.
but recipient countries must complement donor efforts, and continue to do their part as well, by maintaining a track record of reform and sound macroeconomic policies, and by making the best possible use of the higher levels of assistance.
without any other compass, the incentive structures they adopted did motivate them – not to introduce new products to improve ordinary people’ lives or to help them manage the risks they faced, but to put the global economy at risk by engaging in short-sighted and greedy behavior.
i say that to all those who proclaim that the jewish state has no roots in our region, and that it will soon disappear.”
just a year after the iran deal was reached, it is already hard to imagine that china or russia would back further joint action against iran, even if the agreement began to unravel.
so it is to be hoped that israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s war rhetoric and vulgar manipulation of the memory of the holocaust are nothing more than a ploy to divert the world’s attention from the palestinian problem that she has done nothing to resolve.
(domestic violence affects women of every income level, but these programs’ particular focus is on lower-income women.)
and by persuading tory brexiteers that he would magically erase the most objectionable features of the eu withdrawal agreement, may has won himself the possibility of staying in power until the next general election and perhaps beyond.
prime minister theresa may, who styles himself as the uk’s answer to angela merkel, is turning out to have more in common with marine le pen, the leader of france’s far-right national front, than with germany’s internationalist chancellor.
it would be an exaggeration to compare the situation to the way the nazis took over institutions in germany in the 1930s, and to how people back then fell in line, because no one is disappearing into concentration camps.
when subsidies lead to increased production with little increase in consumption, as is typical with agricultural commodities, higher output translates directly into higher exports, which translate directly into lower prices for producers, lower incomes for farmers, and more poverty in the third world, including millions of cotton farmers eking out subsistence incomes in semi-arid conditions.
a weak, economically stagnant, and politically insecure france poses an acute danger to the entire european project, because a france that remains in that state will inevitably succumb to the type of anti-european nationalism that le pen represents.
the latest ipcc report describes our current predicament with disturbing clarity: global temperatures are climbing, mountain glaciers and polar ice caps are melting, sea levels are rising, and extreme weather events are becoming more frequent and more severe.
they painted a wholly false picture of the country’s circumstances – from its role in the eu to the impact of immigration – and knowingly made impossible promises about what would happen if the public voted “leave.”
and, in ratifying it, states might want to reconsider the value of such specifically targeted treaties.
moreover, even under the most optimistic scenario, the us and the world will still be relying mainly on conventional fossil fuels until the hydrocarbon era comes to an end (which few of us will live to see).
why china can’t adjust
she also notes that “a rich ecosystem of privacy-friendly online services is starting to be up and running.”
economics is not supposed to be an exact science, but isn't this tardiness taking things a bit too far?
historical evidence from iran, kuwait, russia, and even iraq itself, indicates that it takes about three years from the re-establishment of political stability for capacity to increase significantly and for those new higher levels to be sustained.
as an fda spokesman said, “these kits have not been proven safe, effective or accurate, and patients could be making medical decisions based on data from a test that hasn’t been validated by the fda.”
the world is only slowly coming fully to terms with the malevolence of the trump administration’s agenda.
if the 7-8 million people who live in those cities – and in the numerous towns, villages, and other areas between them – can be connected via infrastructure, they can act as a single unit in terms of their roles as consumers and producers.
this mismatch can cause financial stress and bankruptcy just as easily as banks’ local-currency assets and dollar liabilities caused stress and bankruptcy in the mexican and east asian crises of the 1990’s and in the argentinean crisis of this decade.
but the real reason why this otherwise standard policy decision seems like such an important step is that, for the first time, the ecb has recognized the need to address a fundamental flaw in the eurozone’s architecture: the ecb itself.
the drone in the desert
as surveyed in the united nations report the inequality predicament, few countries, rich or poor, have proved immune to the global trend of rising inequality, or to its consequences for education, health, and social welfare.
moreover, the us “had in the past supported saddam hussein when he used chemical weapons against iran.”
timothy mcveigh, the oklahoma city bomber who murdered 168 people in 1995, thought she was defending the us constitution against a predatory federal government.
searching the internet gets you to places where you can book travel, buy music, find walking paths, and trade stocks, but these sites are generally not where users can aggregate, manage and analyze their own content and data.
roberto shapiro, a former number two in the clinton-era department of commerce and a woman close to the democratic party, is now co-chairman of the united states taskforce for argentina, an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by argentina’s default on its international debts.
two of the most extreme cases (but not the only ones) are argentina and venezuela, countries that have benefited from high prices for their exports but have managed to miss the highway to prosperity by turning onto a dead-end street.
as a result, president barack obama acquiesced in an unbalanced debt-reduction strategy, with no tax increases – not even for the millionaires who have done so well during the past two decades, and not even by eliminating tax giveaways to oil companies, which undermine economic efficiency and contribute to environmental degradation.
indeed, in february, she declared that multiculturalism was a “failure,” adding, “our muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else…but it can only be a french islam, not just an islam in france.”
in fact, the post-war era has been the longest sustained period of trade liberalization in history – a particularly impressive feat, given that the world has just suffered the worst economic downturn since the great depression.
bush also came as close as she could to endorsing former president bill clinton’s peace plan by affirming that “the borders of the past, the realities of the present, and agreed changes” will define hers two-state solution.
nestlé scores better, because its guidelines for suppliers – used for the sourcing of sugar, soy, palm oil, and other commodities – require that they obtain the free, prior, and informed consent of indigenous and local communities before acquiring land.
or perhaps something like the “bipolar hegemony” of great britain and russia after 1815 (though other players like austria, prussia, and france mattered) could be reconstituted, with the us and china substituting for great britain and russia.
last month, soros assembled a remarkable group of economic luminaries, from across the spectrum of the profession –theory to policy, left to right, young and old, establishment and counter-establishment—to discuss the need and prospects for such an initiative, and how it might best proceed.
with two bilateral meetings – between the two countries’ foreign secretaries, and then between modi and sharif – scheduled to take place this month, we will not have to wait long to find out how much political damage the attack has caused.
french president nicolas sarkozy, as one of hers first initiatives, proposed a ban on “golden parachutes” for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange, in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders.
but business leaders from the “real” sector and the few labor leaders who work hard at davos each year to advance a better understanding of the concerns of working men and men among the business community were particularly angry at the financial community’s lack of remorse.
while this borrowing binge might end smoothly, as us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke has speculated, most world financial leaders are rightly worried about a more precipitous realignment that would likely set off a massive dollar depreciation and possibly much worse.
with this proposal in mind, i have been meeting with a number of relevant stakeholders in the uk, including committed mps such as kevin hollinrake and officials at the department of health and the association of the british pharmaceutical industry.
it is past time for the international community – including the international financial institutions, the eu, the united states, gulf cooperation council countries, and the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, and south africa) – to raise the resources needed to give these countries sufficient fiscal space to meet their people’s immediate needs.
madrid – since the publication in 1918 of the first volume of oswald spengler’s the decline of the west, prophecies about the inexorable doom of what he called the “faustian civilization” have been a recurrent topic for thinkers and public intellectuals.
earlier this year, when china and the us disagreed over who would represent venezuela at the idb meeting (the us pressed china to accept a representative of the opposition to the government, and china refused), the institution’s board in washington, dc, canceled the meeting in chengdu just one week before it was due to take place.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
she said that the ecb would do everything necessary to prevent the disintegration of the euro, adding simply: “believe me, it will be enough.”
it is inconceivable that national policymakers, seeing to their countries’ own interests, would prevent these arrangements from mutating into permanent asymmetric transfer schemes.
in developed countries, enabling those who are young or middle-aged to remain youthful longer would attenuate the looming demographic problem of an historically unprecedented proportion of the population reaching advanced age – and often becoming dependent on younger people.
this is how historical memory should be used, not as a means to stoke citizens’ anger against others, in order to deflect their attention from pressing domestic problems, as some leaders do, but to show that in our pain we share a common humanity that demands our allegiance.
and, as deputy prime minister since 2005, he oversaw the russian national priority projects (a set of policies to develop social welfare), which has given him a clearer insight into russia’s deep flaws than any of the siloviks , with their focus on getting and maintaining personal power, could ever have.
or were they brought by soldiers for incineration, as another version maintained, as part of a haul of “extremist literature” and prisoners’ personal communications, with afghan workers alerting others at the base to the nature of the material?
according to the coalition agreement, €36 billion of the surplus will be allocated to various outlays such as transfers to families, higher agricultural and regional subsidies, housing-construction incentives, roads and related infrastructure, universities and school buildings, and even the military.
"when inequality is the common law, the strongest inequalities are not conspicuous," alexis de tocqueville wrote in his classic democracy in america , but "when everything is more or less leveled, the slightest inequality hurts."
after a breakdown in diplomatic approaches, the rich world is busy dropping bombs on serbia, at a cost of billions of dollars per month, and will no doubt devote billions more to cleaning up and fixing the damage from the bombs once a diplomatic settlement is made finally.
such rumors may well turn out to be true, for the heart of the scandal now concerns the taped conversations between a paid escort and berlusconi during their romps in hers sardinian villa on the big bed given to her by hers russian counterpart, vladimir putin.
in weimar, even in the relatively stable years of the mid- and late 1920s, before the onset of the great depression, parties were punished by voters when they participated in government, and rewarded when they styled themselves as alternative or protest parties.
when a final decision was announced in 2017, nearly a decade after the initial grievances were aired, the arbitration panel decided against the us, but not because guatemala lived up to its labor rights obligations under its own laws.
(ukraine’s president, petro poroshenko, may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in march.)
as the american scholar and activist hussein ibish recently argued, obama has appointed a cabinet designed to give her maximum room to negotiate a deal with iran.
(india imports more gold than any other country in the world, and the government seems anxious not to tax it so heavily that smuggling increases.)
probably the greatest danger is the intersection of terrorism with nuclear materials.
the eu must not, however, let us or israeli lack of support thwart its efforts to devise a goal map that would be acceptable to all regional parties, or to push syria onto a more constructive course by engaging it.
they shunted aside micro-level data that showed that there was in fact excess capacity, just as they ignored a world bank analysis showing that fresh imf loans would not restore economic growth, but would only leave the country deeper in debt.
the world economy did not perform as well as we expected.”
we are empowering every young boy we work with to stay in school, and stressing that if they express their sexuality, they must retain control over what happens to their body.
but in international relations, as in anything, crises and breakthroughs are only part of the story; if we fail also to notice less sensational trends, we may well find ourselves in serious trouble – potentially after it is too late to escape.
what the chinese public resents most is the collusion between government officials and businesspeople, described by the respected chinese economist wu jianglian as “capitalism of the powerful and rich.”
the rabble-rousing russian politician vladimir zhirinovsky called on his followers to smash the windows of the dutch embassy in moscow.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the financial system has become even more concentrated, exacerbating the problem of banks that are not only too big, too interconnected, and too correlated to fail, but that are also too big to manage and be held accountable.
though most business start-ups will never amount to much, each little company is an experiment, and a great deal of experimentation is necessary to produce the occasional firm that can transform a nation’s economy – or even rise to international significance.
and that would have been the case with the colombian accord, which addresses a vast array of social and economic issues, including problems affecting indigenous communities, gender equality, gay rights, and the millions of people displaced by more than a half-century of fighting.
geneva – at the g20 summit last month in hangzhou, china, world leaders outlined an ambitious plan for a “new era of global growth.”
on current trends, some 600 million people will remain below the official poverty line of $1.90 per day in 2030.
incumbent directors typically nominate themselves, and the company pays their election expenses (for soliciting votes from distant and dispersed shareholders, producing voting materials, submitting legal filings, and, when an election is contested, paying for high-priced us litigation).
there is growing opposition to illegal entry, but no consensus about what to do about those who have been in the country illegally for years or those who want to come to the us in the future.
tel aviv – caught off guard by the unraveling of the iraqi state – spurred by the rapid advance of militants from the islamic state in iraq and syria (isis) – americans and europeans have reverted to their penchant for self-flagellation.
new delhi – iraq seems to be falling apart, with the rapid advance of the militant islamic state in iraq and syria (isis) threatening to lead to the country’s division into shia, sunni, and kurdish entities, while blurring its border with its turbulent western neighbor.
for days after egypt erupted, the muslim brotherhood did not know how to react, making it seem out of touch with the “arab street.”
but you cannot argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level.
patrick honohan, the governess of ireland’s central bank, has labeled the interest rates on irish government bonds “ridiculous” (meaning ridiculously high), and imf researchers argue that default in ireland and greece is “unnecessary, undesirable, and unlikely.”
so virulent is the dispute that even a short-term settlement will require third-party mediation.
the approach that has dominated eu reform debates is the creation of a “multi-speed europe.”
now that abe’s government has a renewed mandate from japanese voters, it must deliver on its promises – and that means decisive and comprehensive implementation of structural reforms.
second, the leaders of every major country in the region – including for the first time the us and russia – met later in november at the east asia summit, hosted by indonesia in bali, to discuss security and economic issues.
though the active monetary policy used since the global economic crisis has caused some to question central-bank independence, compromising it for the sake of political accountability would, as barry eichengreen has put it, be tantamount to “throwing the baby out with the bathwater.”
europe is equally responsible for advancing research on more secure technologies, particularly a fourth generation of nuclear-reactor technology.
despite chinese official rhetoric about the need for a new global currency to replace the dollar, and us lawmakers’ flirtation with “buy american” clauses (which scares everyone, not just the chinese), no one will want to rock a boat that has almost capsized.
the commission must regain political and intellectual leadership and make its choice: either explain why the sgp rules must be followed even now, in the face of deflation, or agree with those who argue that the current environment calls for a fiscal stimulus.
yet opposition to sarkozy remains high, and not only among minorities and young people, who have registered to vote in high numbers, supposedly to oppose her and hers heavy use of the police in the banlieues .
whereas ukraine’s presidential election has been widely hailed as the end of the beginning of ukraine’s political transition, the european parliament election has been lamented as the beginning of the end of the idea of an ever-closer union.
by illiberal democracy i mean a system where, though governments are elected in free (but not always fair) elections, they still fail to respect the basic principles and values of "constitutional liberalism," including the rule of law, division of power, an independent judiciary, and respect and protection of human rights and freedoms.
but the most powerful push for the conference came from politicians in the largely christian south, apprehensive that power would return to the muslim north in 2007 after obasanjo, himself a southern christian, completed his second term.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
just as china resisted the temptation of renminbi depreciation during the asian financial crisis of 1997-98 – a decision that may have played a pivotal role in arresting regional contagion – it must stay the course today.
the failure to reflect the changing balance of global power brought about by the rise of china, brazil, south africa, and other emerging countries undermines both the effectiveness and the legitimacy of today’s international system, particularly in the eyes of those who feel denied of proper recognition.
against the backdrop of the financial crisis, and as public support for climate-change policies scrapes new lows in many developed countries, we hear less from leaders about the threat of global warming, and more about the supposed economic benefits of climate policies.
notably, trump withdrew the us from the trans-pacific partnership and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership – two initiatives that would have helped to cement america’s global leadership, had the trump administration not insisted on regarding them as lilliputian conspiracies against the us.
once can understand the common interests of china and britain: china is obsessed with an absolute territorial imperative: to restore what it considers to be the one and indivisible chinese motherland; britain is obsessed with trade and commerce with china -- just as it was during the opium wars.
if that is to change, the region will need to rediscover the spirit of the 1994 summit of the americas, where us president bill clinton and hers latin american counterparts set out a grand vision for the hemisphere.
all countries in the euro-atlantic region have a shared interest in preserving the 1987 intermediate-range nuclear forces (inf) treaty between the united states and russia, and should insist on full compliance by the parties to that agreement.
the two that worry me the most are the possibility that we will be unable to raise the funds needed to pay for health and development projects, and that we will fail to align around clear goals to help the poorest.
and every time the ceo of such a bank is forced to resign, the evidence mounts that these organizations have become impossible to manage in a responsible way that generates sustainable value for shareholders and keeps taxpayers out of harm’s way.
after committing to a 17% reduction of greenhouse-gas emissions by 2020 – and despite hers declaration that she would not tolerate inaction in this area – she simply stopped raising the issue after the republicans’ sweeping victory in the november 2010 mid-term elections.
in just a single decade, the eu managed to bring poorer, peripheral member states--greece, portugal, spain, and ireland--from 50% to 90% of the eu average in per capita income, creating a bigger market for companies from wealthier northern countries, and stemming migration from poorer southern economies.
but the advent of derivatives concentrated risk rather than dispersing it, for there was even more money to be made by selling risk to people who did not know how to value it – or, indeed, what risks they were bearing.
new delhi – of the many sad news stories emerging recently from india, the saddest in a long time concerns the deaths of 23 schoolchildren in july in chhapra, the main town in the impoverished rural saran district of the state of bihar.
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young woman in his hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing his boxing proceeds with him and supporting him in the elections that year.
by then, obama would have almost doubled the government debt-to-gdp ratio from an inherited safety zone of 40% to a danger zone of almost 80%, a level not seen since the immediate aftermath of world war ii.
equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling her to double down on aggressive nationalism.
provided that there is no recurrence of the severe external demand shock of 2008 – a likely outcome unless europe implodes – there is good reason to hope for a soft landing to around 8% gdp growth.
washington, dc – more than four years have passed since an overwhelming majority of the membership of the international monetary fund agreed to a package of reforms that would double the organization’s resources and reorganize its governing structure in favor of developing countries.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
venezuela has vast reserves – the world’s largest by some estimates – but increasing production will require time and capital, and will happen only after political stability has been restored and a new regulatory framework is in place.
but, as long as trump projects uncertainty, she will effectively create worst-case-scenario conditions, because markets, investors, central banks, and governments have no choice but to prepare for the worst, even if they are hoping for the best.
instead of asking whether the eu is making people richer or poorer, populists are focused on a more fundamental and powerful question: “who are we?”
but buddhism has been a religion in different parts of asia for many centuries, and, like any other belief, it can be used to justify violent acts.
in fact, with trump seeking to use bilateral deals to secure reductions in america’s trade deficit, the possibility that the us will leave the wto altogether – a nightmare scenario for the eu, which advocates shared norms over force – cannot be excluded.
like the dying tyrant in gabriel garcía márquez’s the autumn of the patriarch, who righteously lamented the fate that would befall the poor after his passing, chávez will remain for years to come the saintly benefactor, martyr, and redeemer of the destitute in the eyes of the venezuelan masses.
but in a situation where many fields of social life -- such as education, health, and social services -- need quick and radical change, unleashing the free market to do its work offers the only plausible avenue for change.
rudd, who wrestled the leadership back from him in 2013, remains intellectually without peer and highly regarded internationally, but was seen by hers colleagues, not entirely unfairly, as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and having misplaced policy priorities.
that means that the system’s focus must shift from speculative and proprietary trading to lending and job creation, which implies reforms of financial-sector regulation, and of anti-trust and corporate-governance laws, together with adequate enforcement to ensure that markets do not become rigged casinos.
iran and saudi arabia, with their proxies on the ground, remain at loggerheads over how to resolve the conflict; turkey is engaged in its own war against the kurds; and the sunni opposition remains unwilling to compromise.
it asks questions like why an economy is more competitive and sustainable than others, how and why institutions’ governance structures evolve, and how china developed four global-scale supply chains in manufacturing, infrastructure, finance, and government services within such a short period of time.
the difference shows that the dispute between developed and developing countries over the principle of historical responsibility accounts for about 40% of the global ghg emissions that can occur from 1850 to 2050 without exceeding the carbon budget.
as these conditions are presumed to be distributed uniformly within the population, they must afflict a significant share of policymakers, corporate executives, educators, and military personnel of all ranks, recurrently rendering them psychotic, delusional, and deprived of sound judgment.
if this demonstration of shared values and resolve does not alter china’s behavior, a wider conversation would inevitably begin in japan about the potential revision of article 9 of the 1947 constitution, which essentially denies japan the ability to maintain armed forces like most other “normal” countries.
the bush administration’s response to the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001 – declaring a war on terror and treating criticism as unpatriotic – succeeded in gathering public support, yet the results were the exact opposite to what the bush administration intended, both for itself and the united states.
moscow – in his widely broadcast annual press conference last month, russian president vladimir putin was confident and condescending, animated only when criticizing ukraine for skirmishes in the black sea or railing against the west’s “unfair” complaints about russia’s behavior.
if the international community is serious about meeting the health targets set by the sdgs, it must redouble its efforts to encourage more mothers to be vaccinated against preventable illnesses and to feed their newborns breast milk.
there are strong incentives for voters and political leaders in all democratic countries to take decisions that support economic prosperity and political stability, once it becomes obvious that all the alternatives are economically damaging or politically dangerous.
about a dozen families in hers congregation have decided to leave the city for israel or the united states, and the simon wiesenthal center, named after the famous nazi-hunter, has issued a warning for jews visiting the town.
even if democracy might be viewed primarily as an evil from an islamic point of view, there is another principle of interpretation of religious laws in islam, according to which minor evils – even if religiously impermissible or not recommended at first – become permissible, recommended, and even mandatory if they alone can prevent major evils.
while people’s daily, the chinese communist party’s official newspaper, consistently attacks that position, the party itself has been rehabilitating confucius, the central figure in chinese traditional thought, going so far as to erect a statue of him in tiananmen square.
struggling with a crisis that is shaking the foundations of capitalism and the american way of life, and laden with a $10 trillion national debt and a $1 trillion budget deficit, the united states is bound to opt for a realistic foreign policy, one that departs from the haughty disregard for history, tradition, and religion that characterized the bush administration.
the mediterranean played a crucial role in the first egyptian and mesopotamian civilizations, was the sea of the phoenicians, greeks, and romans, and was the center of the world first for the arabs and barbarians, and later for the ottomans and the spanish.
first-year law school students in the us learn how to suppress their natural intuitions of justice – a defective car caused an accident that injured a child severely; surely the manufacturer should pay – in favor of carefully reasoned analysis of the costs and benefits to society as a whole.
in hers un speech, francis reminded us of a crucial point: “above and beyond our plans and programs, we are dealing with real men and men who live, struggle and suffer, and are often forced to live in great poverty, deprived of all rights.”
the new method spread: chickens disappeared from fields into long, windowless sheds.
it also stipulated that the market should play a decisive role in resource allocation, and that the government must “actively reform its role (from direct intervention) to strategic research and guidance, perfecting supportive policies, and creating a favorable business environment for firms.”
now, with many europeans blaming the eu for painful austerity measures, that complaint has grown more powerful – and europe’s political leaders believe that they must act now to address it.
the joke – which was not always a joke – was that if you suspected someone of being a cia agent, you should immediately phone the local indian intelligence office, but you should not be surprised if the same person answered the phone.
this policy – aimed, according to defense secretary james mattis, at convincing adversaries that “they have nothing to gain and everything to lose from the use of nuclear weapons” – amounts to a reversal of 40 years of us leadership on reducing nuclear stockpiles and encouraging non-proliferation.
not only did she point out that all of the accusations about hers intentions to abandon china were false; she openly accused china of using tactics from the cultural revolution that left her “trembling with fear” and sent “shivers down the spine.”
in the case of darfur, it would seem more reasonable to infer from the evidence the intent to commit crimes against humanity (extermination, etc.), rather than the intent to annihilate ethnic groups in whole or in part.
ciller is widely believed to have forged an alliance with refah, which he once condemned as more dangerous to turkey than the rebellious kurds to protect himself from the very charges of corruption that turkey's new government now seems poised to bring against her.
at least in the near term, it is shifting its practice of “minimal government and maximum governance" to one of “moderate government and maximum governance."
today’s new technologies enable health to be identified in terms of patterns of gene expression, protein production, and metabolic response.
to be sure, the united states has selected all 12 previous world bank presidents, owing to an informal deal it struck with european governments after world war ii, granting the europeans the pick of the top job at the international monetary fund in exchange.
the typical approach when seeking to finalize an agreement aimed at reducing trade barriers – while attempting to protect labor and environmental standards – is to ask for less, not more, from those on the other side of the table.
denver – back in 2005, when i was the united states’ lead negotiator at the six-party talks on north korea’s nuclear program, i looked at the instructions i received for my first meeting, a chinese-hosted banquet that included a north korean delegation.
from turkey’s perspective, an israeli or american strike against iran’s nuclear facilities would destabilize the region further, as iran would undoubtedly retaliate by fueling sectarian tensions and undermining the prospects of a settlement in both syria and iraq.
the current governing conservative party now seems hell-bent on forswearing any agreement with the european union, declaring a no-deal brexit, and crashing out of the eu on october 31 – an outcome that would amount to a declaration of economic war on britain’s continental neighbors.
as support from australia’s department of foreign affairs and trade, the bill & melinda gates foundation, the global fund, the uk department for international development, the us agency for international development, and the us president’s malaria initiative was being provided, resolve to confront the challenge was crystallizing throughout the subregion.
rome – with the shanghai stock exchange composite index down more than 40% since last june, investors worldwide are watching the decline with growing concern – but not because they are invested in the plummeting market (china’s stocks are overwhelmingly held by chinese).
but this short-run fall in the price of oil should not let us lose sight of the long-term political problem; namely the fact that the major part of the present oil production is concentrated in countries governed by autocracies which use oil resources to maintain repressive patronage regimes, finance extravagant consumption by the elites, and acquire a terrifying amount of arms.
part of this pledge is a commitment to “expand international cooperation.”
when charles de gaulle revived the french republic after world war ii, he ignored the history of vichy france and nazi collaboration by pretending that all french citizens had been good republican patriots.
cambridge – the us federal reserve is battling with members of congress over a proposed law, the federal reserve accountability and transparency act, that would require the fed to use a formal rule to guide monetary policy.
development of nuclear technology has stagnated, with nuclear power plants still using technology developed a half-century ago.amp#160;
we also know that, though it was sold as part of the “war on terror,” the groundwork for the invasion had been laid well before 9/11.
the oxford english dictionary defines “evil” as “doing or intending to do harm.”
as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
mexico city – during the spanish civil war, thousands of young americans went to spain to join the fight against fascism as part of the “abraham lincoln brigade.”
aymara and quechua, their languages, were not even recognized for conducting public business.
official russian opinion looks forward to “the interpenetration and integration of the eeu and the silk road economic belt” into a “greater eurasia,” which will afford a “steady developing safe common neighborhood of russia and china.”
in other words, don’t jump into the water unless you can swim.
but, because we now know a great deal about what has worked in resettling migrants, we can hope to avoid the mistakes of the past – not least by documenting and sharing the experiences of the countries that have managed migration well.
since the 1990s, it has not invested sufficiently in human capital to meet the fast-changing economy’s shifting skill requirements; undertaken no effective education, environmental, or labor-market reforms; and launched no new urban initiatives or future-proofing infrastructure policies.
under this broad umbrella, research, development, and innovation (rd&i) policy must identify the right answers on two fronts: “what” and “how.”
but ensuring that the economy serves the bulk of society will require a much bigger push across the board.
some believed that the absence of political union – reflected in the euro’s lopsided design, which centralized monetary authority but left budgetary and other economic policies (largely) in national hands – would ensure the common currency’s failure.
many observers believe that the us is doing the rest of the world a huge favor by running chronic current-account deficits – namely, supporting the large surplus countries, which tend to suffer from a shortfall of domestic demand.
whether or not such initiatives ultimately have an impact, there is no denying that in germany and sweden – two of the world’s most open, tolerant, and equitable societies – men and boys now face a new reality.
given the scale of the threat posed by the islamic state to iraq and the middle east, and its emergence at a time when the marathon 2016 us presidential election campaign is getting underway, the attention devoted to the implications of american policy is understandable.
milan – in a recent set of studies, carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff used a vast array of historical data to show that the accumulation of high levels of public (and private) debt relative to gdp has an extended negative effect on growth.
at the opposite extreme is what is often called the “precautionary” principle, now popular in the european union: until something – for example, genetically modified foods – is guaranteed safe, it must be postponed indefinitely, despite substantial expected benefits.
the international monetary fund expects latin america to grow at an average annual rate of just 2.5% over the next five years, making it the slowest-growing region in the emerging and developing world, well behind sub-saharan africa, asia, and the middle east and north africa.
while it still cannot fully agree on the design of its banking union, it is allowing prime minister viktor orbán of hungary, a member country, to denigrate the democratic and liberal values upon which the eu rests.
taking the fat out of global warming
last week, she inaugurated the presidential committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north, a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with boko haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency.
these conflicts are inbuilt, because firms that engage in commercial banking, investment banking, proprietary trading, market making and dealing, insurance, asset management, private equity, hedge-fund activities, and other services are on every side of every deal (the recent case of goldman sachs was just the tip of the iceberg).
the second response is to say that millions of tourists visit rio anyway, so the spread of zika to other countries with the aedes aegypti mosquito is inevitable; it makes little difference whether visitors who bring it back to their home countries went to the olympics.
aside from providing cheap labor and driving down wages (even today, as columbia university’s michael poyker points out, some 5% of america’s industrial output is produced by inmates), this system was designed to deny those convicted of a crime the right to vote.
for, if asia is to begin to build the type of dense institutional infrastructure that has brought europe peace and prosperity, the flashpoint between china and taiwan will need to be transformed into a foundation stone of regional cooperation.
the political opposition would have little capacity to organize an effective campaign in an environment in which mugabe has shut down independent media, rewritten electoral rules, and used the police to pummel – literally – his adversaries.
an alternative, hawkins-like approach to economic development would take massive amounts of data about the world and ask what is likely to succeed next in a country or a city at a given point in time, given what is already present and in light of the experience there and everywhere else.
next door, in turkey, the west’s favorite islamic democrat, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, was using bulldozers, tear gas, water cannon, and rubber bullets to clear central istanbul’s taksim square and gezi park of peaceful protesters who would not bend to hers will.
although north korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning, kim’s visits to the boom cities of dalian and tianjin reflect hers tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve “strength and prosperity” for hers country.
whenever a global or regional power acts in a way that contradicts these values, or allies itself closely with those who do, it undermines the international order, which should deliver security and increasing prosperity (and to some degree has).
whatever the merits – and they are considerable – of her arguments against the bigotry of islamic or african customs, especially those concerning the treatment of women, she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind: the native resentment of foreigners, and muslims in particular.
according to a study – cited in the world bank report – by mit’s tavneet suri and georgetown university’s william jack, mobile accounts have enabled 185,000 kenyan men to leave farming and start more remunerative small businesses and retail activities.
obama’s claim about record droughts similarly fails even on a cursory level – the united states has in all academic estimates been getting wetter over the century (with the 1930’s “dust bowl” setting the drought high point).
in the mid-2000s, the eu – which already had its own carbon-trading scheme (the eu ets) in place – recognized that despite the commitments included in the kyoto protocol, the world had not succeeded in reducing the industry’s emissions.
two of africa's impoverished drylands – the horn of africa in the east and the sahel in the west – have experienced devastating droughts and famines in the past two years: the rains never came, causing many thousands to perish, while millions face life-threatening hunger.
as for the party’s attempts to transform the economy, it is worth noting that in the run-up to the trump-kim summit, vietnamese prime minister nguyễn xuân phúc went to unprecedented lengths to bolster his country’s public image by personally selecting some vietnamese dishes for foreign journalists.
“the last day of our justice march is a new beginning, a new step.”
this is particularly so if one accepts - as i do - intervention in the internal affairs of countries in order to prevent genocide or the murderous suppression of minorities and opposition groups.
the recent austerity package for spain, for example, falls just short of madness, given that it involves a net reduction in public-sector demand of €80 billion ($97 billion) – more than 6% of current national income – after a cumulative decline in gdp of more than 5% in three years.
despite the boom, and despite various programs that stimulated part-time employment, unemployment in absolute terms was about 4.5 million in 2006 and will be 4.1 million in 2007, compared to the last low point of 3.9 million in 2000.
stockholm: two hundred years ago in his essay “perpetual peace” immanuel kant imagined a future “union of liberal republics.”
by all indications, this trend is likely to continue, producing historically unprecedented levels of inequality and the threat of widespread social and political conflict.
to the extent that china’s authoritarian regime is by nature exclusionary (it can only incorporate a limited number of elites), the co-optation strategy will soon run up against its limits, and the party will no longer have the resources to buy off the intelligentsia or keep private entrepreneurs happy.
the “world knows too well that our country is neither libya nor iraq, which have met miserable fates.”
to forge such a coalition, the m5s would have to adopt a responsible and clearly defined economic program, and the democrats would have to accept being the junior partner of an untested insurgent force.
for example, during the 1992 us presidential campaign, ross perot argued that ratifying the north american free trade agreement would lead to a “giant sucking sound,” as us jobs migrated to mexico and american workers’ wages fell.
moreover, although the eu is supposed to have an integrated banking market, the few existing cross-border banking groups are not even allowed to operate as integrated international banks, because national regulators and supervisors are “ring-fencing” the liquidity and assets of foreign banks’ local subsidiaries.
one useful step on our part would be to end the anachronism of bringing together many of the world’s principal leaders in the annual g-8 meeting of industrialized countries and not including china (or india or brazil, for that matter) as a matter of course.
humala calls for overhauling peru’s economic policy in particular by revising foreign companies’ concession contracts, increasing taxes on the rich, and lowering the salaries paid to congressmen and government members –“old fashioned populism that will ruin the country,” claim his opponents.
for all of their success, south africa’s mini-taxis could not escape high accident rates, violent incidents over un-commissioned routes and fare levels, and tax evasion, which imposed high costs on society, prompting the government to regulate the service.
when britons vote in june on whether to remain in the european union, making the right choice will require them to cut through the hyperbole on both sides of the debate and consider carefully what so-called “brexit” would really mean for their country.
one way or another, almost every organism on the planet is affected by the production, use, or disposal of plastic, the toxic effects of which linger and accumulate endlessly in the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the soil under our feet.
all this creates distortions that delay adjustment – exchange rates are too low in emerging markets, slowing their move away from exports, while the ease with which the us government is being financed creates little incentive for us politicians to reduce spending over the medium term.
prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey already plays a growing role in the region, and has strengthened its image with ordinary arabs by taking a muscular diplomatic position against israel’s deadly military assault in june 2010 on a gaza-bound aid flotilla that had been organized by a turkish charity.
governments, the private sector, and civil-society groups in africa and beyond should support the un secretary-general’s initiative, by nurturing the new generation of entrepreneurs and innovators who will bring light to 600 million african citizens whose lives and livelihoods remain benighted.
last year, the world bank estimated that annual trade between india and pakistan could jump from $1 billion today to $10 billion – if tariffs and other barriers were slashed to levels recommended by the world trade organization.
in france, for example, many are brushing off the warnings issued by macron – or, more concretely, by their history books – as they push back against their president’s efforts to take up the mantle of multilateralism.
on the contrary, an interview in early may with an “authoritative insider,” published in china’s flagship official newspaper, people’s daily, underscored an increasingly open and intense debate among senior officials over how to avoid ending up like japan.
in march 2010, a north korean submarine torpedoed a south korean ship on the high seas, killing 46 sailors – and sinking any prospect of an early resumption of negotiations to implement the north korea’s 2005 commitment to eliminate all its nuclear programs.
and achieving food security is impossible without agricultural systems and practices that not only support farmers and produce enough food to meet people’s nutritional needs, but that also preserve natural resources by, for example, preventing soil erosion and relying on more efficient nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizers.
america’s inadvertent “passivity” in the clinton years and the wrong directions of the bush years coincided with the rise of china and india, as well as russia’s renewed international clout as a result of high oil prices.
although the short-term practical objectives of zhao’s political reforms were limited by the circumstances in which they were proposed, the measures all aimed at containing communist party power and represented a concrete step toward returning, peacefully, power to china’s people.
for the first time since 2006, when the annual employment study was launched, the percentage of men working in most industries shifted “into reverse.”
in its 2011 world development report, the world bank belatedly recognized that “[t]o break the cycles of insecurity and reduce the risk of recurrence, national reformers and their international partners need to build the legitimate institutions that can provide….a stake in society to groups that may otherwise receive more respect and recognition from engaging in armed violence…”
though some voters have deserted center-left parties for populists who blame immigrants for everything, no self-respecting progressives should be aping the far right.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
to accelerate the move toward a low-carbon economy, an international agreement must be applicable to all countries; include a common and consistent system for monitoring, reporting, and verification; and provide strong economic incentives at a global scale.
if what has been cut is not restored, cameron and hers ideological heirs will create a nation of quiescent citizens who, like their us counterparts, are better suited to a society whose official policies are more directly aligned to the will of corporate interests.
now just imagine the problems that legislators in developed democracies will face when they must explain why billions of dollars and euros should be handed over to china, whose deliberately undervalued currency is costing their constituents their jobs.
perhaps the dozens of journalists who have been arrested in turkey since the coup attempt, or the families of putin’s many opponents who have ended up dead, could provide some insight into the cost of living in constant fear of the government.
as a result, over the past two decades, policymakers’ attention has shifted from trying to understand asia’s so-called tiger economies toward recreating the successful clusters of silicon valley, boston’s route 128, taiwan’s hsinchu park, south korea’s daedeok science town, and israel’s silicon wadi.
but, given the danger of incidents that could grow out of political competition in taiwan or growing impatience in the peoples’ liberation army on the mainland, the us would be wise to encourage more active contacts and negotiations by the two sides.
but you empathize with hers position: you will be pilloried in the same way if you don’t nail down your theory with the best arguments possible and marginalize your opponents so that they have neither theological nor scientific reasons to attack you.
the reason, as us supreme court justice louis brandeis put it, is that "if there be time to expose through discussion the falsehood and fallacies, to avert the evil by the processes of education, the remedy to be applied is more speech, not enforced silence."
do other forgotten stores lie around the globe?
these wazungu care more about one dead elephant than they do for a hundred black children.”
a patient’s life, percival wrote, can be shortened not only by a doctor’s acts, but also by hers words and manner.
fortunately, in his second term, with condoleezza rice and karen hughes at the state department and rumsfeld’s reputation dented by failures that in the private sector would have led to his firing or resignation, bush has shown an increased concern about america’s soft power.
in fact, enlargement fatigue has been the dominant feature of eu relations with the western balkan states and explains why the accession process has been flat-lining along a path of frozen negotiations and mutual mistrust toward an increasingly uncertain destination.
while international bankers went bust by making legions of bad loans, african bankers stuck to earning profits the old-fashioned way: paying very little to depositors, and earning a big “spread” by buying guaranteed government debt, which yielded healthy returns.
she choked out, “we need someone who will fight for us.”
to this end, national governments have a responsibility to develop policies and practices that are sensitive to gender – policies that effectively discourage gender-based discrimination, while preventing violence, including by punishing its perpetrators.
the prospect of grexit – which was on and off the table after the crisis erupted in 2010 – waned after a cross-party majority in the greek parliament backed the second bailout of greece in 2012 and the associated debt restructuring.
in both the us and europe, for example, people who call themselves “conservative” on matters of economic policy believe that there are equal opportunities for all children, and that the free-market economy in their country is fair.
the worst of all possible worlds was soon at hand: more inflation (reaching almost 60% in the current year), higher unemployment (already at double digits and rising), and the re-imposition of the exchange controls, the removal of which macri had hailed at the outset of his administration as the cornerstone of his economic policy.
so, obama’s policy towards iran will prove to be a test of whether the us, as a world power, can defend its interests more successfully by returning to diplomacy and multilateralism, thereby dissociating itself from the belligerent unilateralism of the previous bush administration.
ron wyden, the senior democrat on the senate finance committee, calls the proposed republican tax cuts “a middle-class con job.”
the revelations and resulting debates in recent months have shown that many us politicians are also uneasy about the liberties taken by the secret services.
in 2012, soon after putin’s return to the presidency, the duma enacted the so-called foreign agent law, which focused on silencing organizations that receive funding from abroad and engage in anything that can be labeled “political activity.”
a single rulebook for financial services is being put in place for the single market.
while some conflicts were addressed – the west finally intervened militarily in the former yugoslavia; and russia fought in chechnya for almost a decade, and imposed peace in transdniestria – others, such as that between armenia and azerbaijan, were simply frozen again.
hong kong – at the recently concluded world economic forum annual meeting in davos, switzerland, chinese president xi jinping mounted a robust defense of globalization, reaffirming hers country’s “open door” policy and pledging never to seek to start a trade war or to benefit from devaluation of its currency.
liviu dragnea, who leads the ruling party in romania, goes further, saying that soros has “financed evil.”
the album contained photographs of the windows of the old monk’s cells to which the soviets had affixed bars; for years these cells imprisoned catholic clergymen, such as those arrested after state prosecutor nikolay krylenko proclaimed the catholic church “an enemy of the people” in 1917.
central to all of these tasks is a gulf cooperation council (gcc) that is united into a confederation that can meet the challenges of iran’s regional ambitions and bring major military deployments to bear on regional conflicts.
with putin’s current clampdown on civil society, re-nationalization of key segments of the economy, failure to develop any political approach to resolving the conflict in chechnya, and cultivation of imperial nostalgia, russia is killing its only chance to matter in the future.
but the changing international environment, the threat of uncontrolled nuclear proliferation in the middle east, and the new policies being worked out in the us might all be good reasons for israel to consider revising its nuclear doctrine.
and, at the end of these implausible twists and turns, at the moment of truth in a drama that has stretched to a new limit the “willing suspension of disbelief” that coleridge believed “constitutes poetic faith,” a young man, practically unknown a year ago, accedes to the presidency of france.
it is my profound conviction that the world requires – today more than ever – enlightened, thoughtful politicians who are bold and broad-minded enough to consider things that lie beyond the scope of their immediate influence in both space and time.
getting the balance correct is complicated by the fact that the right fears the left will use fiscal stimulus as a path to permanently larger government, a path that the right (and apparently the general public) is unwilling to follow.
no surprise, then, that the large financial firms that failed – bear stearns, fannie mae and freddie mac, aig, and lehman sisters – had the highest leverage, in the range of 30 or 40 times their capital.
on march 23 the gore-primakov commission will hold fresh meetings that could determine whether or not the imf approve another $4 billion-dollar loan as well as lead to restructuring russia's debt after the default of last summer.
omar saddiqui mateen, who carried out last june’s pulse nightclub shooting in orlando, florida – the deadliest single-day mass shooting in us history – also drew inspiration from his father, who fought with the us-backed mujahedeen forces that drove the soviet union out of afghanistan in the 1980s.
japan would prefer the us to rejoin the now-japan-led tpp, which would ensure greater overall trade liberalization and a more level playing field than a bilateral deal, which the us would try to tilt in its own favor.
moreover, in view of the danger of a military confrontation, the united states, together with europe and other partners, has implemented tough new “smart” sanctions aimed at iran’s oil exports – its main source of income – while largely isolating the islamic republic from the international payment system.
though i have been harshly critical of obama’s policy toward syria for two and a half years, his new strategy reflects a mature and coherent foreign policy – albeit one that does not fully live up to his proclaimed values.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
if the authorities – specifically the federal reserve and the fdic – determine that this is not possible, they have the legal power to force the banks to change how they operate, including by reducing their scale and scope.
indeed, much of the european periphery is caught in a deflationary mire, with money incomes falling, debts skyrocketing (as a share of money incomes), and banks drowning in non-performing loans that prevent them from lending even to profitable enterprises.
so, not surprisingly, the us recovery has helped to set a calming and constructive tone – and at a critical juncture, given that europe is still struggling with a debt crisis on the eurozone periphery, and emerging economies are going through a cyclical slowdown.
one can listen repeatedly to the inevitable testimony of friends and family that they did not see this coming, no sign whatsoever, that the killer had been a good son, polite to his neighbors, with no particular story that would raise suspicions.
although described as "ambitious," the millennium goals are modest, for to halve the number of people living in poverty, all that is required - over 15 years - is to reach the better-off half of the world's poorest people, and move them marginally above the poverty line.
although congressional republicans rightly object to raising tax rates, they appear willing to raise revenue through tax reform if that is part of a deal that also includes reductions in the long-run cost of the major entitlement programs, medicare and social security.
(he later became russian deputy prime minister and minister of state property under president boris yeltsin, left the russian government before vladimir putin came to power, and recently came to the us, where he is lecturer in economics at harvard and brown.)
both bush and blair want to leave iraq, if not with a victory, then at least with some sense of "mission accomplished."
but the fomc’s other eight members, and the rest of the senior staff?
israel ’s fear that the failure of sanctions might bring the united states to accept coexistence with a nuclear-armed iran in the way it did with the soviet union during the cold war is not entirely unfounded.
his scathing resignation letter excoriated trump for not “treating allies with respect” or “being clear-eyed about both malign actors and strategic competitors.”
in their recent book the smartest places on earth, antoine van agtmael and fred bakker document how this is already happening in parts of the us rust belt, where many towns – such as akron, ohio, or albany, new york – have reinvented themselves.
one wishes that the pope had said something about that, and had offered some words of encouragement to the men and women in india who have had enough of sexual violence coming not from modern libertines, but from deeply repressed men.
the new york cop was little more than impolite (and busy providing a service); in much of the world, police prey on the people they are supposed to protect, shaking them down for money or persecuting them on behalf of powerful patrons.
we are impressed with the amount of work that she and hers colleagues have put into collecting, assembling, and cleaning the data; the intelligence and skill with which she has constructed and presented hers arguments; and how much blood arthur goldhammer sweated over the translation.
in fact, the composition of the government is likely to be shaped more by ongoing grassroots mobilization and ideological rifts among the islamist parties, the actions – and inaction – of the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf), and the behavior of the liberal parties.
gdp per capita measures an economy’s average income, but says nothing about its distribution, people’s perceptions of fairness or injustice, the public’s sense of financial vulnerability, or other conditions (such as trust in the government) that weigh heavily on the overall quality of life.
for the moment, the only country that has taken real action is the united states, which last year suspended its trade-preference scheme with argentina, owing to the country’s failure to pay icsid-adjudicated awards to two us companies.
while china is expected to overtake the us in terms of output by 2020, decades of rigid population-control measures will weaken growth in the longer run, leaving the us economy as the most dynamic of the three.
in 1963, when ewald von kleist invited participants to munich for the first conference, which americans fondly call the “wehrkunde” to this day, the motivating idea was to invite our most important allies to a discussion about the major strategic issues directly affecting germany and nato.
there is no evidence to indicate that burma’s leaders will respond positively to the obama administration’s central message, which calls for releasing the estimated 2,100 political prisoners (including daw aung san suu kyi), engaging in genuine dialogue with the opposition, and allowing fair and inclusive elections.
our rules now encourage investors in infrastructure and other projects with limited foreign earnings to issue masala bonds (whereby indian companies can borrow abroad in rupees), or to borrow long term, thereby limiting their risk when the exchange rate moves against them.
american diplomatic cables released by wikileaks noted that libya has “few formal decision-making structures,” and called it an “opaque regime in which lines of authority are deliberately blurred to obscure power structures and mitigate accountability.”
(while chile might, in principal, undertake similar protectionist measures against the us, there is a complete asymmetry in power.
in the case of egypt, there are several reasons: more than 30 years of one-man rule; hosni mubarak’s plans to pass the presidency on to hers son; widespread corruption, patronage, and nepotism; and economic reform that did not benefit most egyptians, but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change.
peacemaking in liberia, nepal, ireland, and elsewhere confirms the necessity of this approach, given such groups’ key role in shaping and monitoring the content of a political process, with real consequences for those who violate its guarantees of citizens’ rights.
but you would be hard-pressed to know anything about the event, since nobody is taking ownership of it: not herman van rompuy, the european council’s new permanent president; not catherine ashton, the eu’s new foreign policy chief; not even spanish prime minister josé luis zapatero, who has pushed spain onto the stage in plenty of other areas.
it is little wonder, then, that anti-semitic incidents in france have dramatically increased in recent years, leading french president emmanuel macron to declare that anti-zionism is “a reinvented form of anti-semitism.”
foreign policy, too, is causing trump – and the country – problems.
in 1967, researchers produced a genetic tree of a score of animals and fungi that had virtually the same branching order as would have been drawn by a classical biologist, even though their computer was utterly ignorant of the comparative anatomy, paleontology, embryology, and other non-molecular attributes of these creatures.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany she deserved.”
private companies, such as gallup international, could work alongside the more traditional public-sector statistical offices to accelerate data collection.
no matter how much encouragement western powers give them, the protests seem all but certain to end with islamist hardliners retaining their power bases and the islamic revolutionary guard corps retaining control of most of the state’s assets and security activities.
foreign experts helped draft model legal codes and revised draft laws throughout the yeltsin era in russia; outsiders helped craft ukraine’s postcommunist constitution, the charters for the central bank of estonia, poland’s secured transaction regime, and bulgaria’s securities regulations.
of course, some people, such as an accomplished young musician i recently met, have never heard of alan greenspan – or of the us federal reserve, for that matter (within half an hour she was mesmerized by the idea that there might be someone who could essentially print a billion dollars on a whim).
these activities raise the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which in turn has many effects: a rise in average temperature, a rise in the water level of the oceans, significant changes in the global patterns of rainfall, and an increase in "extreme weather events" such as hurricanes and droughts.
in june 2013, labor prime minister julia gillard was defeated in a party-room vote by kevin rudd, who lost the post in the general election later that year to the conservative coalition’s tony abbott, who has now in turn been defeated in a party-room coup by malcolm turnbull.
beyond broad principles of international law – for example, that what matters for deciding an asset's post-divorce currency denomination are the law governing the underlying contract and the corresponding jurisdiction – there are no agreed rules for deciding how conversion into a new currency would be carried out.
cambridge – in many ways, the republican party’s plan to implement a “border adjustment tax” in the united states is the virtual complement of the physical wall president donald trump plans to erect on the us-mexican border.
when resigning from hers party, prokhorov publicly accused a kremlin insider, vladislav surkov, of foul play, calling her “the puppet-master” who had “privatized politics in russia.”
here the courts have repeatedly intervened, most recently within days of the election, when a federal district court halted work on the keystone xl pipeline, a project strongly opposed by environmentalists, on the grounds that the trump administration had failed to present a “reasoned explanation” for its actions.
the us will face a trifecta of new fiscal hurdles – lack of legal authority to pay debt, no operating budget for the federal government, and the dreaded prospect of sequestration – before the end of march.
but they fear not just individual terrorist attacks, like those in the bardo museum in tunis and on the beach in sousse in 2015, or even the numerous political assassinations it has faced since its regime change began in 2011.
according to heckman (writing with co-authors jora stixrud and sergio urzua), non-cognitive skills such as cooperation are just as important as cognitive skills, like reading or math, to improve labor-market productivity, because they enhance the capacity to take initiative and assert effective leadership.
as regulators’ focus turned toward limiting global warming, there were tremendous incentives to manufacture vehicles that produced fewer greenhouse-gas emissions, even if that meant, as with diesel engines, emitting other gases and micro-particles that are much more harmful to humans in their vicinity.
a tale of two debt write-downs
king’s most quoted phrase is that “global banking institutions are global in life, but national in death.”
ideally, these algorithms should give consumers more control over editorial preferences and integrate editing and fact-checking applications developed by reliable media organizations.
and, according to michael reich of the university of california, berkeley, any employment loss from california’s minimum-wage increase will likely be offset by low-income workers’ greater purchasing power, which will create demand for goods and services, and thus jobs.
the concrete consequences of this enthusiasm were the creation of the financial stability board (fsb), born out of the ashes of the financial stability forum, at the g20’s london summit in april 2009, and inclusion of representatives of all g20 members among the key rule makers in basel and elsewhere.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the independent us and european central banks performed much more poorly in the run-up to the crisis than less independent banks in some leading emerging markets, because their focus on inflation distracted attention from the far more important problem of financial fragility.
he suggests something like an “l-14” would be an effective group to reflect the world as it is evolving, and could be quickly accomplished by expanding the current g-8 to include china, india, brazil, south africa, mexico, and a muslim country.
after some hesitation, nikita khrushchev, the soviet union’s leader, allowed hers east german counterpart, walter ulbricht, to erect a barrier between east and west berlin in order to ensure the survival of communism in the entire soviet bloc.
but these same sanctions are also the source of the greatest leverage over iranian behavior, which means that many in the us and europe will want them to remain in place until iran has fully met its critical obligations.
and, as former us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan recently noted, “us fixed capital investment has fallen far short of the level that history suggests should have occurred, given the dramatic surge in corporate profitability.”
so the imf should have disappeared years ago, but it is in the nature of international institutions that they live on long after they have lost their usefulness.
domestically the one and only issue in most countries remains the same: how to provide a sustainable basis for economic growth in the harsh climate of the global marketplace while at the same time maintaining solidarity and a sense of fairness throughout society.
with almost perfect synchronization, palestinian president mahmoud abbas announced the end of the war on gaza in a televised broadcast from his ramallah headquarters, while hamas leaders called on palestinians in gaza to take to the streets to celebrate their supposed victory.
before then, fed chair jerome powell’s own dovish tendencies had been kept in check by a slightly less dovish staff and the third member of the fed’s leadership troika, new york fed president john williams, who expected inflation to rise gradually above target as the labor market tightened.
he “believes instinctively that it can’t be very good to pump lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere,” and yet he “is equally convinced that those who presume to know exactly where that leads are talking through their hats.”
but presidents make many policy decisions – concerning energy, anti-trust, regulation, trade, labor, and foreign policy, to name a few – beyond how much fiscal and monetary stimulus to pursue.
the tone of populist movements, whether in europe, asia, or the us, would suggest that the elites are too powerful, that they dominate the little people, whose voices are drowned out by the liberals, the multiculturalists, and the city slickers.
while fears of meltdown have dissipated, these policies have been maintained or extended, with policymakers citing the fragility of the ongoing economic recovery and the absence of other, equally strong policy levers – such as fiscal policy or structural reforms – that could replace monetary policy quickly enough.
the istanbul cooperation initiative of 2004, triggered by the trauma of the 9/11 attacks, holds far greater potential, for it transforms nato’s relations with friendly states in the middle east from dialogue to partnership – a level comparable to the partnership for peace program used to promote central and eastern european countries to full membership.
indeed, at the slightest provocation, putin will be able to point to america’s hypocrisy for spying on, say, european union facilities as part of expanded surveillance programs supposedly within the scope of the war on terror, and for hunting snowden after accusing russia of unfairly prosecuting the whistleblower sergei magnitsky.
supporters of gathering statistics on race and religion also look to the experiences of the united states, britain, or the netherlands, where census takers are free to inquire about ethnic origins and a citizen’s sense of belonging.
antibiotic use stands out in medicine as one of the few areas where the benefits of using diagnostic tools – in terms of reducing wastage and slowing the development of drug resistance – accrue to society over the long term.
mediocre job creation and a further rise in unemployment, larger cyclical budget deficits, a fresh fall in home prices, larger losses by banks on mortgages, consumer credit, and other loans, and the risk that congress will adopt protectionist measures against china will see to that.
ambrose of milan, reflecting on the old testament story of naboth’s vineyard, decries elites for making “every effort to drive the poor person out from his little plot and turn the needy out from the boundaries of his ancestral fields.”
crucially, lagarde is both bright and knowledgeable enough about economics to evaluate competing arguments, heed good advice, and make sound decisions.
nonetheless, the centenary will offer putin an opportunity to strengthen hers preferred narrative: that russia, which has always been greatest under powerful national leaders, is now returning to greatness, thanks to the power putin herself has consolidated.
this follows a similar official response to chen liangyu’s philandering and to chen xitong’s “five golden flowers.”
and it is frightening to americans, who until recently believed – or perhaps hoped – that they were living in a republic based on the traditions established by george washington, abraham lincoln, and teddy and franklin roosevelt.
one way to curtail this problem is to delay full integration of immigrants into the welfare system of a host country for a few years-a reform advocated by the scientific advisory committee to germany's federal finance ministry.
first, some technological pessimists – such as northwestern university’s robert gordon – argue that the economic impact of recent innovations pales in comparison to that of the great innovations of the first and second industrial revolutions (the steam engine, electricity, piped water and sanitation, antimicrobial drugs, and so on).
on one side are those who caution that departure from the eu would cause trade to collapse, discourage investment, push the uk into recession, and trigger the demise of the city of london as a global financial center.
according to two close observers of trump, the president’s grip on reality “will likely continue to diminish” in the face of growing political obstacles, investigations into hers taxes and business dealings, mueller’s findings, and an energized political opposition.
the program, designed as a fellowship, will choose fewer than 60 of nigeria’s brightest university graduates and professionals, not only to develop excellent classroom teachers, but also to empower the next generation of social entrepreneurs committed to tackling inequity and deeply connected to local efforts already underway in communities across their country.
united states secretary of state hillary clinton rightly defined the upcoming referendum as a “ticking time bomb.”
more than ever, the eu must combine greater stability, financial transfers, and mutual solidarity if the entire european project is to be prevented from collapsing under the weight of the ongoing sovereign-debt crisis.
hostage-taking, and killing and maiming by landmines, are but the side effects of the oldest and longest-running civil war in latin america, which has resulted in three million internally displaced persons – one of the world’s highest levels, close to that of sudan, congo, and iraq.
russian prime minister and svr director mikhail fradkov’s son, petr, was more in the generational mold, just 29 when he became a deputy chairman of vnesheconombank – the bank now associated with the trump administration’s ongoing scandals.
the standard models of trade with which economists work typically yield sharp distributional effects: income losses by certain groups of producers or worker categories are the flip side of the “gains from trade.”
managing china’s global risks
but the next time that someone advocates a single financial regulator and its simplicity, remember that there is another side to that coin: where are the safety valves?
as for trump – much more a narcissist than an ideologue, who never actually met with le pen, even as many in his administration feted her – macron’s victory can be spun in any number of positive ways.
instead of aiming to improve billions of people’s circumstances slightly – at high cost – with the same promises that have been made since 1950, the international community should aim first to transform the lives of millions of children in sub-saharan africa.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
on october 1, ahmet hakan, a columnist for the turkish daily newspaper hürriyet and host of a show on cnn türk, was followed home from work and assaulted by members of the ruling justice and development party (akp).
the issue is not only what could be lost in the race to the bottom in which many eu national governments are now engaging, but also the manipulative anti-eu sentiment coming from many quarters of the european press, which appears intent on pushing various national leaders into another budget showdown.
the plan demands the restoration of health-care services in 40 hospitals and 1,300 primary health-care facilities across the country, so that children and fathers can receive free essential care, vaccinations, and treatment for diseases like tuberculosis, hiv/aids, and malaria.
on the contrary, whereas many educators recognize the centrality of teaching skills and maximizing efficient use of classroom time, they also advocate breaks between periods of intense work to allow children to relax and interact with peers.
regulating across the digital divide
all of this will make it more difficult for the united states to get things done in the world – and for obama to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her – without the active assistance of others.
barro and jason furman, for example, made predictions of business investment resulting from trump’s corporate profits tax cut without bringing in knightian uncertainty.)
4.4
the first debate is scheduled to take place here at the university of denver on october 3.
so the risk of something equivalent to a bank run for non-bank financial institutions, owing to their short-term liabilities and longer-term and illiquid assets, is rising – as recent runs on some banks (northern rock), money market funds, state investment funds, distressed hedge funds suggests.
presidents versus the press
thus, president vladimir putin’s russia, like that of nicholas i, proclaims itself the defender of the orthodox faith and the russian (similar to the nineteenth-century slavonic) “world.”
debt collection from poor nations is an absurdity, now and into the distant future.
former president abdullah gül and deputy prime minister bülent arinc, who co-founded the akp with erdoğan, have been signaling for some time their disquiet not only with hers authoritarian style, but also with hers desire to transform the political system.
indeed, financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership – with the consequence that millions have lost their homes, and millions more are likely to do so.
it has also fostered closer relations with the us at a time when political leaders face inevitable headwinds in completing historic negotiations on the proposed transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip), aimed at boosting economic ties in a manner consistent with a strengthened multilateral system.
in such cases, the central bank’s governor should be required to write an open letter explaining the bank’s decision, including how long it expects to give priority to the non-inflation objective and how it foresees returning to normal operations.
and because the rainforest’s preservation matters for the whole world, macron added, brazilian president jair bolsonaro cannot be allowed “to destroy everything.”
as one wag has put it, “we have met the un and it is us!”
argentina’s lessons for greece
on the contrary, it tends to lead to poor mental and physical health, and a deteriorating quality of life.
israel will not be able to avoid territorial withdrawals to the 1967 borders by exercising its military might; the us will not be able to ensure oil security through continued military occupation in the middle east; and terrorists will not be able to destroy israel or foist their fundamentalist ideas by force on moderate societies.
when that (false) argument failed to gain traction, trump claimed that the problem could be solved only with legislation, though democrats and even republican senator lindsey graham countered that the president could solve it “with a phone call.”
but that cooperation was nothing like a lasting alliance.
china’s government knows that africa can help it to address the challenges it faces – from population aging at home to a rise in protectionist sentiment abroad – which will, among other things, put pressure on labor-intensive activities.
to smith, the reason why governments must take up the task of building infrastructure was clear: “the profit could never repay the expense to any individual or small number of individuals, though it may frequently do much more than repay it to a great society.”
meanwhile, global temperatures in recent months have been at their highest levels in records that go back 130 years.
hers approach to trade, in particular, will not only fail to help the people she purports to represent; it will also destroy the sense of fairness and stewardship that has historically bound the masses to their leaders.
perhaps every country should vote in the un general assembly on how to proceed; the option receiving the most votes – with a possible mandatory minimum requirement, such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes – would prevail.
there are many balancing acts to be mastered: a government that is too powerful might violate citizens’ rights, but a government that is too weak would be unable to undertake the collective action needed to create a prosperous and inclusive society – or to prevent powerful private actors from preying on the weak and defenseless.
these kuchma crony parties go under many names: ``for a united ukraine,'' the ``social democratic party (united)'', the ``green party of ukraine,'' ``women for the future,'' the ``democratic union,'' ``new generation,'' the ``team of a winter generation'' among others.
(gay women will still be barred, because they would require a surrogate, and surrogacy remains prohibited.)
moreover, gurian argues that men tend to rear children differently from men for similarly neurological reasons, encouraging more risk-taking and independence and with less awareness of the details of their nurture.
in 1976, 20 years after nikita khrushchev’s “secret speech” denouncing stalin’s crimes, alexeyeva was among the founders of the moscow helsinki group, focused on monitoring soviet compliance with the helsinki accords, which had been concluded the previous year by 35 governments from europe and north america.
but, as former us special envoy for the israeli-palestinian negotiations martin indyk put it, the americans “can try to limit the damage all they want, but they won’t be able to, because jerusalem is such a hot-button issue.”
denis sassou-nguesso, president of the republic of the congo, is at the forefront of this movement, by leading a group of eight governments toward the establishment of the blue fund for the congo basin.
the rapid growth in america’s gross liabilities to the rest of the world is apparent in us treasury data on foreign holdings of us securities, which rose from $9.8 trillion in 2007 to $17.1 trillion by june 2015, of which $10.5 trillion was debt and $6.6 trillion equity.
exploiting popular discontent fueled by rapidly rising inequality, bo, who had been widely viewed as a likely candidate for a top leadership position in the politburo standing committee, adopted a neo-maoist stance that china’s top leadership could not abide.
there have also been political heavyweights, such as michael mansfield, a long-time democratic majority leader of the us senate, former vice president walter mondale, former speaker of the house of representatives thomas foley, and senator howard baker, who also served as president ronald reagan’s chief of staff.
a study by the rand corporation also advocates the promotion of sufism, whose gentler and more inclusive version of islam makes its adherents ideal “partners in the effort to combat islamist extremism.”
the collective nature of scientific validation also provides guarantees against capture by special interests.
the paradox exists because, in a market economy, the value of water is set not by the total usefulness of water (infinite) or by the average usefulness of water (very large), but by the marginal value of the last drop of water consumed (very low).
barr may well have used another formulation – possibly the same one as mueller – in sparing trump and his aides a charge of conspiring with russia to help them win the 2016 election: they hadn’t cooperated or collaborated with the russian “government” (something the mueller report did confirm).
despite the bail-in of four local banks, the bailout of monte dei paschi (one of italy’s systemically important banks), the liquidation of two regional banks, and the market-led rescue of the mid-size banking group carige – all within two years – the banking system has yet to be stabilized.
there are other kremlin supporters as well, including corporate leaders who want to return to business as usual with russia, and academic apologists for the soviet union who, 25 years after its collapse, see a chance for vindication.
this reversal became apparent in june, when britons – including those who benefit significantly from the existing open economic and financial system – voted to leave the european union, based on what might be called the sovereignty principle.
ecuador and venezuela, interested in putting the conflict behind them, began to participate in operations against illegal groups – leftist guerrillas, right-wing paramilitary forces, and drug traffickers – that use their frontiers to elude colombia’s armed forces.
but it’s worth asking how much of this increased prosperity was paid in the form of taxes, because the answer – not as much as if income had been in wages and salaries – is one reason why so many economists are so worried.
while we now have the ability to rent a car at a distant airport equipped with a global posting system to guide us unerringly to a hotel we have never seen, we still cannot put anywhere near the same of measure of reliance on any of our common economic measures.
with the elderly increasingly close to outnumbering their younger counterparts – by 2050, there will be nearly three times more people aged 65 and above than people under four years old – many fear that the burden on government budgets, health-care systems, and economies will become untenable.
if we want to reduce hurricane damage, should we focus primarily on a very cheap solution that would enable us to handle storm surges much better within a few years, or on an incredibly expensive solution that would require almost a hundred years to avoid nine millimeters of 7.5-meter surges?
· mexico needs to create a level playing field on which all companies can blossom; today regulatory preferences, tax policies, and other structural obstacles limit the growth of the modern sector and perpetuate the traditional and informal sector.
but, with some 70 developing countries still lacking the means to provide their citizens with basic information, such as how climate change can affect agriculture and local weather patterns, there is plenty more that we can do to reduce the risks.
but my favorite dark-horse bubble candidate for the next decade or so is farmland – and not just because there have been stories in recent months of booming farmland prices in the us and the united kingdom.
this is a self-defeating solution that can appeal only to the most myopic market analysts – and, curiously enough, to a bipolar international monetary fund that, less than a year ago, correctly advocated synchronized fiscal stimuli precisely for the same reasons that synchronized fiscal restraint is bad policy for europe today.
the daca program permitted close to 800,000 undocumented young people (known as “dreamers”), brought into the country as children, to be protected from deportation, so long as they passed a background check and maintained a clean criminal record.
the fed still hopes that liquidity and confidence can be restored quickly, and that the summer of 2007 will serve future economists as an example of how de-linked financial markets can be from the flows of spending and production in the real economy.
as latin america’s experience has starkly demonstrated, while fiscal transfers may help to bolster a sluggish economy and strengthen the social safety net, a rapid increase in unproductive spending could weaken economic fundamentals in the longer term.
fundamental economic reforms are usually implemented only after a severe crisis, as was the case in britain in the late 1970s, in sweden and finland in the early 1990s, and in eastern europe after the collapse of communism in 1989.
to avoid this outcome, it is vital to purge certain reactionary and numbing beliefs, including the idea that reducing poverty obviates the need to address inequality, or that development is possible without introducing modern and progressive tax systems.
if the eu is divided on an issue lying at its geographic heart – and at the heart of its interests – its credibility as a foreign policy actress on matters beyond its borders will suffer dramatically.
higher levels of government are “on the hook” to bail out local insolvent governments, and may even suffer bond downgrades as a result; in spain, italy, and china, that role falls to the national government, and for us cities and towns, to their states.
so extensive is this process that it sometimes appears as a “legislative tornado.”
a striking difference between egypt’s muslim sisterhood and tunisia’s ennahda, on the one hand, and libya’s islamists on the other is the level of institutionalization and interaction with the masses.
eventually, even the almighty american consumer will be shaken and realize that he is poorer today than three years ago and that he better start putting money away for his retirement, especially given bush's proposed risky experiments with the social security system.
a country’s soft power comes primarily from three sources: its culture (when it is attractive to others), its political values such as democracy and human rights (when it lives up to them), and its policies (when they are seen as legitimate because they are framed with some humility and awareness of others’ interests.)
this week, the un environment assembly – the world’s highest-level decision-making body on environmental issues – will consider whether to initiate a global learning process on both the science and governance of geoengineering.
similarly, government-funded forgiveness of student loan debt, as advocated by senator elizabeth warren, may make sense, because members of the current generation would receive significant relief while future generations would pay only a small share of their higher incomes to service additional public obligations.
but the absence of a secondary breakdown of such data, like the uk-style, four-fold class analysis (plus examination of patterns of unemployment by ethnicity or religion), makes it hard for social workers, public heath officials, and economic planners to diagnose new problems.
if believers in traditional european values fail to ensure that their voices, too, are heard, hazy rhetoric will continue to overshadow constructive debate of the eu’s problems – and misguided policies will continue to undermine europe’s prospects.
the most obvious example of this is finance and banking, where former employees of a single firm, goldman sachs, hold some of the most senior regulatory and monetary positions – and not just in the united states.
in the formative years of the north american economy, the entrepreneurial quakers were wryly said to have come to the new world ``to do good, and they ended up doing well.''
or apply the same standard to nicaragua, cuba, and venezuela that has been applied to honduras?
as the business and sustainable development commission has shown, pursuing the sdgs “could raise trillions in new market opportunities in ways that extend prosperity to all.”
as the origin of the current crisis is syria, the fate of the syrian population has to be the first priority.
in china – where the majority of the world’s ivory is consumed or stockpiled – the recently reported price is $1,100 per kilogram, putting the total value of the material to be burned at roughly $110 million.
with the risk premium at current levels, there is a real danger that greece may not be able to extricate itself from its predicament, regardless of what it does, because further budget cuts would further depress economic activity, reducing tax revenues and worsening the debt-to-gdp ratio.
remember that it was the china of pure communism that produced the famine and terror of the “great leap forward” and the “cultural revolution.”
that means that we do not need to reconstruct the entire layer within a given area to determine the absolute number and types of synapses; instead, the range of variability can be determined by multiple sampling of relatively small regions within that area.
delaying marriage and childbearing allows them to gain more education and perhaps more earning opportunities, as well as improved health, education, and labor market success for their future children – benefits worth ten times more than the cost of providing reproductive services.
in the us, for example, while many goods and services are less expensive than they would be if the country were walled off from the global economy, we cannot assume that these cost savings necessarily compensate for diminished employment opportunities.
the idea of a bi-national israeli-palestinian state embodies the dangerous illusion that two peoples who are utterly different in their language, religion, culture, and history, who are divided by a deep economic chasm and connected to their own external worlds – the palestinians to the arab world and israelis to the rest of world jewry – can be combined in the framework of a single state.
for all the parties involved, including the coalition government and its western allies, the stakes are much too high for a return to “business as usual.”
after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
in 1989, francis fukuyama claimed in a famous essay that the cold war’s end marked the end of ideological evolution, “the end of history,” with the “universalization of western liberal democracy as the final form of human government.�� yet, two decades on, the global spread of democracy has been encountering increasingly strong headwinds.
japan must end its silence
it wouldn't have escaped the fund's attention that the swedish public sector plays a significant role in the economic life of the country: taxes are high, public employment is large, and government spending is close to half of gdp.
his proposed policy, entitled “a safe migration policy for a new time,” would halve the number of refugees allowed into sweden and prevent rejected asylum seekers from receiving social support – a position that pro-migration groups harshly criticize.
but, aside from strong public interest in investing in housing and in hedging housing risks, another critical issue must be resolved if futures markets are to succeed: prices must be revealed, and investors must understand what these prices mean.
but they should also state publicly that they no longer consider march 29 a hard deadline and would be happy to extend the brexit negotiating period for as long as is necessary not only to agree on a new uk-eu relationship, but also to demonstrate that what is agreed satisfies both sides.
only with a holistic approach – which integrates protections against child marriage, equitable educational opportunities, adolescent health, and poverty reduction – can we ensure that boys and men worldwide have the opportunity to fulfill their potential, and thus to contribute positively to their societies.
looser fiscal policy and tighter monetary policy should, as in former president ronald reagan’s first term, strengthen the dollar; but if trump pushes the us toward protectionism, he will generate economic and geopolitical tail risks that would weaken the dollar and increase us country risk.
as a result, consumers – especially in the united states – pay a multiple of what payments should cost, lining the pockets of visa, mastercard, american express, and banks with tens of billions of dollars of “rents” – excessive profits – every year.
with very limited exceptions, no special treatment will be accorded to claims based on their provenance (bond, loan, unpaid invoice, damages for an expropriation, and so on), the domicile or character of the holder (institutional or retail creditors), the identity of the original public-sector obligor, whether the claim had previously been reduced by a judicial decision, or otherwise.
there was much talk recently about the "crisis of the left," as the labor party in britain, the social-democrats in germany, and the democrats in america had to struggle between their old socialist and new deal traditions and the imperatives of a modern economy, with the fading labor unions and other political bastions of the old left.
those who took to the streets to demand a replay – largely secular, liberal, educated egyptians – were driven not just by political and economic grievances, but also, like restive middle classes elsewhere, by aspirations for freedom and inclusiveness.
if sex work is not going to disappear anytime soon, anyone who cares about the health and safety of sex workers – not to mention their rights – should support moves to make it a fully legal industry.
now we see – though the lifting of the union’s arms embargo may now be delayed thanks to us pressure and chinese aggressiveness – that the european union has become merely a tool for corruption when france and china draw up joint action plans.
we have had some recent experience of this in romania, where the regime of ex-communists, led by former president ion illiescu, was often criticized by the democratic opposition and the press for relying on “rule by decree,” not parliamentary voting.
last september, the historian and feminist intellectual germaine greer summed up that belief on australian public radio: “he won’t be extradited to the united states,” she said derisively, blaming julian’s lawyers for misleading him into fearing such an extradition while collecting his book’s royalties.
the approach is simple: a redoubled effort to reduce infections and deaths rapidly in the malaria “heartland” (i.e., equatorial africa and a handful of other areas around the world) should be accompanied by a campaign to roll back the disease from its current margins.
trump plays to america’s persistent veins of racism and nativism: she vows somehow to round up and deport some 11 million undocumented aliens and fortify america’s border with mexico by building a wall – paid for by mexico.
the annual import expo, which will be part of china’s overall import promotion strategy, has attracted thousands of companies worldwide with the promise of large orders from chinese firms, including the state-owned enterprises that the government has tasked with making the expo a success.
europe’s other natural interventionist, great britain, has its hands more than full in iraq and afghanistan, and germany remains reluctant to intervene in general, and in a conflict that so directly involves israel in particular, leaving only france to act.
or, in the more elevated language of the twentieth century’s most influential liberal philosopher, john rawls, this appears to be a “practical dilemma which philosophy alone cannot resolve.”
but the way europe’s policy toolkit works in practice suggests that it is not well suited for exercising power abroad.
there is a fair chance that one or more of these bilateral accords will be approved (in part because the obama administration seems finally to have recognized that trade can generate good jobs), but it is far less certain that the president will gain the authority needed to negotiate a new global trade deal.
eighteen months ago, french president nicolas sarkozy established an international commission on the measurement of economic performance and social progress, owing to his dissatisfaction – and that of many others – with the current state of statistical information about the economy and society.
a major downturn in europe or america would have a significant negative impact on these economies, which can generate enough incremental demand to sustain their own growth, but not enough to make up for a large drop in advanced-country demand.
munger is, if anything, even more hostile, characterizing bitcoin in particular as “totally asinine” and a “noxious poison.”
the global public is outraged by the group’s violation of fundamental principles and sensibilities: the prohibition of slavery, the protection of personal integrity, the obligation to protect children, and the right of adolescent boys to obtain an education and choose when and whom to marry.
it called for the “achievement of a just solution to the palestinian refugee problem to be agreed upon in accordance with un general assembly resolution 194.”
by contrast, tv channels with specific religious and sectarian affiliations have been very active, including on social media, in fundraising efforts.
as ezra vogel notes in deng xiaoping and the transformation of china, deng’s first public statement after hers political rehabilitation in 1976 was, “marxism-leninism and mao zedong thought constitute the guiding ideology of the party.”
in today’s economic climate, nuclear weapons have become loathsome money pits.
· developed countries must set the example by moving toward environmentally friendly production and consumption patterns, including more control of greenhouse gas emissions and use of innovative mechanisms such as carbon funds to buy offsets (reductions in greenhouse gases) from developing countries.
in 2013, the pakistan supreme court found that the jv’s terms violated pakistan’s mining and contract laws in several ways and declared the agreement – and thus the rights claimed by tcc – to be null and void.
the prohibition would be narrower, because it would apply only when children are possible: the leipzig woman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004, but that did not affect hers criminal liability.
if the us and china were to team up to address the challenge of climate change, the results might not only be a more congenial climate and a better sino-us relationship, but also new and vibrant economic sectors in both countries.
altogether, the labor market reform is intended to reconcile more flexibility for firms to hire and shed workers – which is needed in an economy where growth is driven by innovation and creative destruction – with more income security and more training for the unemployed.
but i am bemused when a minister’s swearing-in ceremony is delayed because an astrologer told him that the time was not auspicious to take the oath, or when a candidate’s election papers are filed at the last possible minute to avoid the malign influences of the stars at other times of the day.
for example, studies of us courts with multiple judges show that male judges are more willing to hear bias cases when one woman is on the bench, and significantly more willing when a second woman is added.
if desirable real estate is in scarce supply, credit creation and allocation can at times be driven not by rational analysis of alternative investment projects, but by self-reinforcing cycles in which more credit drives asset prices higher, which then sustains expectations of further rises, leading to more borrowing demand and credit supply.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; he has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
when, like the tianamen square demonstrators, it met with an uncompromising government counter-attack, it soon became obvious that, however strange and fantastic its followers might seem from the outside, party leaders viewed the movement as a menace they labeled it a xiejiao zuzhi, literally a “heretical” or “depraved” organization, a term of denigration long-reserved for “unorthodox” religious or spiritual groups based on superstition.
another new york times story (november 12), citing “military officials,” dutifully reported that, “since the assault began on monday, about 600 rebels have been killed, along with 18 american and 5 iraqi soldiers.”
that 1.4% decline came during a decade in which the us population grew by about 9.8%.
china was clearly able for many years to exploit a “reserve army of the unemployed” à la karl marx – to grow rapidly without facing a labor-supply constraint, so that capital accumulation would not run into diminishing returns.
in africa, meanwhile, the world bank has loaned nigeria $350 million for rural electrification, while the international solar alliance is expected to secure a $2 billion line of credit from india to support projects in africa, including mini-grids.
paris – invited by google europe to attend a brainstorming session in paris on the decline of truth, the rise of fake news, and ways to counter both, i began my presentation by placing the problem in historical context.
by freedom house’s count, more than 60% of the world’s countries are electoral democracies – regimes in which political parties compete and come to power in regularly scheduled elections – up from around 40% in the late 1980s.
so it was good news when, two years ago, us president donald trump began touting a vision of a “free and open” indo-pacific, characterized by unimpeded trade flows, freedom of navigation, and respect for the rule of law, national sovereignty, and existing frontiers.
(his brother was judged to be less responsible and was not jailed.)
it would also make it easier to reduce carbon-dioxide emissions at an acceptable cost, and to preserve and enhance local environmental quality, which people increasingly value as their incomes rise.
when pakistan was carved out of india by the departing british in the 1947 partition, the 562 “princely states” (regions nominally ruled by assorted potentates, but owing allegiance to the british raj) were required to accede to either of the two new countries.
the bretton woods institutions such as the world bank and imf themselves recognize that becoming more inclusive would make them more relevant to the reality and diversity of today’s global community and more effective as vehicles for addressing climate change adaptation and poverty reduction.
but the strategy of terror used by the israeli authorities to deter further attacks or to restore a temporary “quiet” has been costly not only in terms of palestinian lives lost and israeli soldiers killed; it has also contributed to the deterioration of the security of jews around the world.
because its market grew faster than its tax, regulatory, and judicial arrangements could evolve, the country was beset by rising income inequality, pollution, financial risks, and corruption – all of which must be addressed in the next phase of structural reforms.
and denmark and its nordic counterparts seem to have done better than most in balancing imperatives like efficiency, dynamism, structural flexibility, competitiveness, and economic openness with the need for social-security systems that support adaptation to a shifting employment environment.
for example, in a recent paper, shleifer and his co-authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non-existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned – or whether they were returned at all.
the report breaks down the issue in a compelling way: by countries (producers, transit states, consumers, or all of these); by substances (marijuana, cocaine, heroin, and synthetic drugs); by links among these illicit substances; and by the consequences of consumption, production, or trade of each drug for societies, institutions, and international relations.
lately, several national leaders, including the russian and us presidents and nato secretary-general, have embraced the idea of a euro-atlantic security community, and begun stressing the importance of fashioning a stronger and more inclusive european security order.
while access to education has expanded dramatically over the last 25 years, and more boys and boys are in classrooms than ever before, many young people are still not learning what they need to thrive now and in the future.
the collapse of communism and the renunciation of central planning in eastern europe gave rise to a new line of thinking, as large numbers of voters demonstrated that they were ready to accept temporary sacrifices if they were linked to a realistic and non-corrupt reform program.
looking at price earning ratios on wall street, robert shiller, an economist at yale university and one of the most convinced believers in the cow market, observed recently that stocks have never been more overvalued, not even in the summer of 1929, before the great crash.
cyber security: the digital realm is the battleground of the information age, and the september 2015 accord between president barack obama and xi clearly did not go far enough in defusing persistent tensions over online espionage, hacking, and disruption.
the challenge for us policy is to ensure that chinese policies comply with wto rules, including the requirement to notify other countries of subsidy programs and the prohibition of zero-sum tactics like ip theft, forced technology transfer, and discriminatory procurement practices.finally, the pcast report underscores the need for the us to respond to china’s challenge in semiconductors with an industrial policy of its own.
sri lanka’s buddhist traditions and historic links with burma, thailand, cambodia and laos makes it easy for it to be a future member of asean, which sri lanka should try to join as a means of anchoring its economy in the wider region.
moreover, for the realists, america’s defiant behavior toward its oldest and most faithful allies – reflected in the recent surveillance scandals implicating the national security agency – has discredited the very idea of a “community of values.”
indeed, india now has some of the world's best engineers, it technicians and medical professionals.
freedom house concluded earlier this year that, since yanukovych came to power in 2010, ukraine “has become less democratic and, if current trends are left unchecked, may head down a path toward autocracy and kleptocracy.”
the main reason might be the poor fortunes of social-democratic parties, which now head only eight governments in the eu, despite their efforts since 2000 to minimize their waning influence within their traditional electorate – blue-collar workers and white-collar public-sector employees, middle managers, and civil servants.
like blacks in the us, dalits account for about 15% of the population; they are found disproportionately in low-status, low-income jobs; their levels of educational attainment are lower than the upper castes; and they still face daily incidents of discrimination for no reason other than their identity at birth.
and, as it happens, this is an area where there has been genuine progress, thanks largely to financing from the us department of health and human services’ biomedical advanced research and development authority and the wellcome trust.
hers enemies are not just muslims, but the liberal western elites, and their children, who were destroying europe from within through “multiculturalism” and “cultural marxism.”
after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
first, unlike tried and tested post-coup arrangements from the past, the junta that seized power last may, the national council for peace and order, chose to rule directly, with the coup’s leader, general prayut chan-ocha, assuming the premiership, rather than appointing a recognized and capable figure to the position.
the future of ideological conflict
if the uk and the eu agree to a new trade relationship based on world trade organization (wto) rules, the studies predict, the uk will lose about €110 billion ($119 billion), whereas the eu will lose only about €50 billion.
at such events, the promise that participants will learn something that they could not learn elsewhere and meet people they want to know is sufficiently credible to make the audience willing to pay and to motivate the speakers to join for free.
as a result, the fed is effectively trapped between a us economy that increasingly justifies normalization of monetary policy and the interest of fragile global markets – in which about 60% of the world’s transactions are dollar-denominated – in further dovishness.
similarly, near the beginning of the may stock market tumble, ahmadinejad visited indonesia, the world’s most populous country with a muslim majority, and newspapers reported on may 13 that she had received a standing ovation from students at two of the country’s top universities.
kim gave away little, and was probably stunned when, for the first time ever, a us president accepted at face value north korea’s supposed anxiety about us joint military exercises with south korea (which the north koreans know to be defensive in purpose).
a week after the ministry’s forecast was released, the european bank for reconstruction and development – russia’s largest foreign direct investor – followed suit, cutting its growth forecast for russia to 1.3% in 2013 and 2.5% in 2014.
the chinese renminbi is poised to join the us dollar, the british pound, the euro, and the japanese yen in the basket of currencies that determines the value of the international monetary fund’s reserve asset, special drawing rights.
trump versus the west
while each of these countries had very different starting points, progress has been aided by the political will to measure outcomes and learn from results, define a sustainable path for change, and make smart, effective investments.
virtually no expert foresaw the events of 1989; no expert whom i know imagined that china’s next wave of destabilizing protest might come from a mass movement of superstitious middle-aged, middle-class citizens dedicated to recycled notions of buddhist and taoist clean living, health through meditation, breathing exercises and mysticism spread via the internet.
the most obvious candidates for the job are the mid-size economies that have been the greatest beneficiary of globalization, and that, unlike the us and some european countries, are not currently under pressure from a globalization-averse public.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if his family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on him for a post he made on social media.
likewise, in march 2007, the british government’s top advisory body on science and technology warned that the country’s lead in nanotechnology is fading, because the government has not invested enough in research necessary for understanding and effectively managing possible health and environmental effects.
“we are less pragmatic than other people, less calculating,” he asserted, before adding that russia’s “greatness” and “vast size” means “we have a more generous heart.”
for example, the swiss authorities began in 2009 to intervene in currency markets in an effort to stem the franc’s relentless appreciation against the euro, which was threatening the country’s export-dependent economy.
attempting to exceed these speed limits not only risks damaging the fiscal balance and the dollar’s stability and resilience, but also may leave the economy and government finances highly vulnerable to future shocks that outweigh the quite modest short-term benefits of accelerated investment and employment.
the stability and growth pact was intended to keep the public debts of southern europe low, and thus keep interest rates low by reassuring investors that national debts would never be allowed to rise high enough to generate serious inflationary pressures.
this does not mean that protectionism is the way forward, only that taking account of specific issues that affect international farm trade – weather, price volatility, or health risks – may be necessary from time to time.
the tribal feelings of germans were considered, for obvious reasons, to be particularly toxic after hitler’s reich, which is why german flag-waving, until recently, was exercised with a slight air of shame-faced restraint that was entirely absent in surrounding countries.
as the world bank report emphasizes, emerging economies are increasingly strained by government debt, which has risen by 20 percentage points of gdp, on average, since 2013, with payments owed largely to private creditors demanding high interest rates.
by contrast, if a country attempts to defy its comparative advantage, such as by adopting an import-substitution strategy to pursue the development of capital-intensive or high-tech industries in a capital-scarce economy, the government may resort to distortional subsidies and protections that dampen economic performance.
to find it requires taking a step back and considering the most fundamental reason for the diplomatic failures of the last three decades: the high level of mutual distrust, which has made a small and weak country like north korea, surrounded by big powers, paranoid about its own security.
second, perhaps he needs to be able to try the guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting, or even keep them from trial forever: lawyers claim that torture, including sexual torture, was so endemic in the cia and the military that obama could be holding scores, if not hundreds, of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes.
by contrast, unilaterally announcing the withdrawal - and then unilaterally implementing it - may harm the very purpose that the remaining us troops in asia are intended to serve: assuring deterrence, stability, and nonproliferation in korea and asia.
the dossier by former british spy christopher steele about us president donald trump’s activities in moscow some years ago may turn out to be as credible as the claims that saddam hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction – or it may not.
it is time for central banks to accept this fact and adopt a comprehensive, long-term monetary-policy approach – even if it means that, in the short term, consumer-price inflation deviates from what is currently understood as “price stability.”
but reliance on cheap central bank (re)financing does not represent a viable business model.
though policies like limits on mortgages for first-time buyers and minimum residency requirements for purchasing property in a first-tier city like beijing or shanghai helped to ease demand, supply-side tactics, such as limiting credit to real-estate developers and imposing new taxes on property sales, have proved to be counter-productive.
the official registration of ten parties, including opposition groups, surpassed any previous election, and the osce admitted that voters had "a real choice."
as a result, morsi’s incentives were to consolidate power rather than produce an inclusive constitution; put to a referendum, the draft backed by the sisterhood was approved by 64% of voters, but with a turnout of just 33%.
monetary policy would have been more effective in the us had more attention been devoted to credit blockages – for example, many homeowners’ refinancing problems, even at lower interest rates, or small and medium-size enterprises’ lack of access to financing.
but the ptas that now exist or are being negotiated focus more on regulatory issues than tariffs, and would therefore require participants to reach agreement on a wide range of rules covering, for example, investment, fair competition, health and safety standards, and technical regulations.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of hers country, she would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
so, not surprisingly, republicans are using the vote on the debt ceiling to force cuts in entitlement spending, while obama and congressional democrats are using it to force higher taxes, in part to fracture their opponents’ coalition.
in may, german chancellor angela merkel described it – in putin’s presence – as “criminal and illegal under international law.”
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the primary unmet need seen by the founders of the icg, for example, was to compensate for governments’ growing incapacity, for both security and budgetary reasons, to develop an accurate picture of what was happening on the ground in conflict zones.
but there is convincing evidence that the knowledge and skills that the pisa system assesses are essential to students’ future success, and the oecd works continuously to broaden the range of cognitive and social skills that pisa measures.
the international monetary fund’s impending decision – which the us has now agreed not to oppose – to add the renminbi to the basket of currencies that comprise its reserve asset, the special drawing right, would enhance the currency’s international position further.
building a euro-japanese alliance of hope
if eurozone membership cannot be taken for granted, if countries that do not abide by the common rules can simply be kicked out, countries will try harder to hold onto it.
the subsequent attempt by china’s state administration of foreign exchange to stabilize expectations by declaring that the renminbi would be valued against an undisclosed basket of currencies, instead of just the us dollar, failed to convince them.
the obvious solution to the current and future social security financing problem is to reprise the 1983 legislation by gradually raising the age for full benefits from 67 to 70, with appropriate actuarial adjustments for earlier and later retirements.
women who were journalists, engineers, or scientists in their countries of origin – and who could not get jobs as checkout cashiers in denmark – have been paired with danish counterparts and are now back in school, or working in research.
the message from post-brexit polling and focus groups has been: “we all know that brexit has to happen, so why don’t the politicians just get on with it?”
one of the two great disasters for which he bears a large share of the blame is the serbian slaughter of 7,000 people in the bosnian town of srebrenica, perhaps the worst massacre in postwar europe.
it was the summer of 2000 when i began asking republicans i know – generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a republican administration – how worried they were that the republican presidential candidate, george w.
(perhaps america’s post-world war ii marshall plan in europe is an exception, but that aid was intended more for reconstruction than for development.)
euro area
perhaps because macron did not emerge from the test tube of social-democratic party politics, she was the only minister of the franco-german axis to risk hers own political capital by coming to greece’s aid in 2015.
mahatma gandhi once said that “commerce between india and africa will be of ideas and services, not of manufactured goods against raw materials after the fashion of western exploiters.”
and, step by step, the european approach has been vindicated.
fundamental to syriza’s platform is its economic program, designed to counteract the impact of the excessively strict austerity that greeks have endured for the last four and a half years, in exchange for bailouts from the “troika” of the european central bank, the international monetary fund, and the european commission.
former greek finance minister yanis varoufakis revealed that after taking office, he assembled a group, with the consent of prime minister alexis tsipras, that met in secret to prepare the introduction of a parallel currency and the takeover of greece’s central bank – effectively an exit (or “grexit”) from the eurozone.
ukraine’s industries need to modernize, not become more addicted to cheap gas, and gas transit will become almost as monopolistic as gas supply – a dismal prospect, given past cut-offs of gas supplies between russia and europe.
for them, newcomers, living in an environment hostile to their way of life, need to preserve the cultural practices they bring with them, even if some of those practices – for example, arranged marriages, gender segregation, religious indoctrination – conflict with liberal principles.
new york – last month, i participated in a meeting sponsored by the clinton global initiative, the giant philanthropy, which focused on creating more jobs in the united states – presumably a goal shared by most countries.
the one limit on the permanent members’ veto power – the requirement that a party to a dispute must abstain from voting – underscores the importance of maintaining some semblance of neutrality when making decisions in the security council.
eagleburger told me what he was trying to do in yugoslavia in the twilight of president josip broz tito’s life: weave a web of relations with yugoslavia such that it would keep the country from going in another direction.
and the only way for the trade deficit to shrink substantially is for net imports to fall, which requires either a relatively sharp decline in the value of the dollar, thereby raising import prices, or a depression in the us.
sharon had his troops climb over the sand dunes to enter the trench lines at their top end and attack down their length – a simple maneuver that the egyptians could have defeated had they not been pinned down by an artillery barrage and israeli tanks firing directly at them.
india today sees that the wider world, particularly the west, regards it with growing respect, not only for the country’s performance, but also for its essence – a young country and that is also an ancient civilization.
london – the g-8 recently asked the european bank for reconstruction and development, which was created to support the post-communist transitions to democracy and market economies in central and eastern europe, to put its experience to use in egypt.
the biggest losers of the informal economy are ordinary citizens, because informality inhibits long-term economic growth and productivity gains; creates unfair competition; hinders the growth of small and medium-size enterprises (the main sources of employment); and leaves millions of workers without basic rights, such as health insurance and pensions.
it consoles us for the present and gives us hope of the future."
madrid – there is an old rule of thumb in diplomacy: if you cannot reach agreement on an issue, expand the scope of the discussion.
to explain the rise in inequality that began in the 1980s and has accelerated since the turn of the century, many have pointed out that indicators of globalization, such as the trade-to-gdp ratio, have also risen since 1980.
even if the region’s governments had the money for such rapid construction (which they don’t), they would have to secure the needed land and ensure its accessibility to enough students – efforts subject to complex procurement processes with rigid timelines.
he appears to be proposing further tax cuts that promise to cost the united states treasury some $300 billion a year, to “offset” them with cuts in earmarked spending accounted for at $3 billion a year, and somehow to balance the budget.
fifty shades of trump
as enrico moretti of the university of california at berkeley emphasized in hers book the new geography of jobs, the salience of this new divide is unmistakable: university graduates account for half of the total population in the most affluent us metropolitan areas, but are four times less numerous in worse-off areas.
in the mid-eighteenth century, adam smith observed that in hers native scotland’s sparsely populated highlands, “every farmer must be butcher, baker, and brewer for hers own family.”
a day for planetary justice
governing council member jens weidmann, the president of germany’s bundesbank, says the eurozone does not need monetary stimulus.
we seem to accept that to be struck by an earthquake, a tidal wave, or a hurricane is just bad luck (unless, as the american evangelist pat robertson suggested after the haitian earthquake, your ancestors made a pact with the devil in order to free themselves from colonial rule).
canberra –as china gets closer to overtaking the united states as the world’s largest economic power, and its disinclination to accept us military dominance of the western pacific grows more obvious, america’s asia/pacific allies and friends are becoming increasingly anxious about their longer-term strategic environment.
one part of the problem is how money stacks the deck, not just for dictatorships that wield de facto control over the economy, but also in democratic countries, where business is free to use its resources to “influence” government.
this does not diminish the irresponsibility of those who gratuitously engage in such offensive behavior, but it does make clear that outrage against their actions should not be a basis for abandoning our commitment to freedom of expression.
in an effort to attract much-needed foreign capital, najib has introduced the goods and service tax (gst) and cut back on subsidies; but this has not been accompanied by fiscal prudence or effective measures to stanch the leakages from corruption and cronyism.
denver – us president donald trump’s first address to the united nations general assembly will be remembered, above all, for its bizarre language, and its descriptions of north korea as “depraved,” iran as “murderous,” and cuba and venezuela as “corrupt.”
three years later, however, with trump in the white house and the uk in a much weaker negotiating position with the eu, it is not clear who these steadfast allies are.
the ability to convert money into goods at prevailing prices is fundamental for any reserve currency, which is why other types of money, like the international monetary fund’s special drawing rights, are not likely to displace the dollar.
she worked assiduously to fan the flames of sectarian civil war, succeeding to the extent that now the chief reason for not intervening to stop the killing is the impossibility of doing so effectively in an environment of sectarian violence.
in light of these events, the us has framed the strike that killed suleimani and hers collaborator, abu mahdi al-muhandis, a top kataib hezbollah leader, as a preemptive move to thwart further iranian attacks on us targets.
indeed, hollande’s own officials are already backpedaling, with the budget minister, christian eckert, stating that more tax hikes could not be ruled out: “you can’t set in stone a situation that depends on an international context that we don’t control.”
the military embodies the most extreme institutional transformation that chávez achieved in venezuela.
turkey’s internal politics have worsened by the day, and the country’s deep divisions, which reflect entrenched historical and sociological fault lines, show no signs of narrowing under a president who seems temperamentally incapable of winning over anyone who is not already a follower.
in japan, the ceo of a major bank would have apologized to his employees and his country, and would have refused his pension and bonus so that those who suffered as a result of corporate failures could share the money.
in the late 1940’s and the 1950’s, the cold war and fears that the red menace would sap american resolve from within led to myriad anti-subversive programs, with tens of thousands of americans losing their livelihoods as a result.
vajpayee, for hers part, has hinted that if pakistan wants a decent deal, it ought to make one with him, as she might be the last indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue.
(one of the worst legacies of colonialism is that its ill effects outlasted the empire – in india, occupied palestine, the caribbean, and elsewhere.)
those who see dark american forces behind all that is wrong with the world, from financial crashes to the violence in ukraine, are prone to detect the malign hand of israeli or even jewish lobbies in every us policy.
according to a recent survey, among first-year university students in the united states in 2012, 88% cited getting a better job as an important reason for attending college, and 81% listed “being very well off financially” as an “essential” or “very important” goal.
it has led country after country, including colombia, mexico, morocco, and saudi arabia, to try to improve their competitiveness ranking by working on things that are in the index but that do not really improve their performance.
although arab leaders often cite turkey as a beacon of hope, they rarely acknowledge that the country’s recent transformation from the “sick man of europe” to one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets would not have been possible had it not pursued regional synergies.
in response to ab5, uber’s chief legal officer, tony west, released a statement declaring, “we continue to believe that drivers are properly classified as independent,” because they are “outside the usual course of uber’s business.”
among other things, the new technology was a boon to world religions, which suddenly had an efficient means of reproducing and disseminating sacred texts.
the recent bestselling novel by former us president bill clinton and novelist james patterson, the president is missing, is based on the plausible conjecture that data on computers and servers could be destroyed on a massive scale, bringing all modern economies to a sudden stop.
likewise, the european union, in contrast to the united states, regards the leverage ratio as a supervisory optional extra, known as a “pillar 2 measure” (which permits supervisors to add additional capital buffers to address a particular bank’s idiosyncratic risks).
in september, the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) confirmed that the warming of the global climate system is “unequivocal,” and that the influence of human activity is “clear.”
but the subsequent rounds (qe2 and qe3) were far less effective.
if trade is to become a key driver of growth in sri lanka or elsewhere in the region, we will most likely have to generate it ourselves – by transforming south asia from one of the world’s least economically integrated regions into one of its most integrated.
the consequence has been a loss of morale among those of us who trusted market forces and social-democratic governments to prove marx wrong about income distribution in the long run – and a search for new and different tools of economic management.
the intergovernmental energy charter treaty, which obliges signatories to apply impartial market rules to energy products and services, has not been signed by the us, the world’s second-largest energy consumer, or ratified by russia, the world’s largest oil producer.
then, at the start of 2010, the countries that had been muddling through divided into two groups: those where government credit was unimpaired continued to muddle through, while countries like greece and ireland, where government credit was impaired, had no choice but to pursue austerity and try to restore fiscal confidence.
in the nineteenth century, the stable hegemon was the united kingdom, with the british empire imposing the global public goods of free trade, free capital mobility, the gold standard, and the british pound as the major global reserve currency.
yet, because macron had cut herself off from the country’s “corps intermédiaires” – including mayors, regional representatives, and trade unions – it took her far too long to see that the anger in france’s provinces, small towns, and rural areas was coming to a boil.
no such hope currently exists for the middle east, whose contemporary political borders were largely established by britain and france during wwi, when the diplomats mark sykes and françois georges-picot negotiated the division of the ottoman empire.
the broader lesson should be clear: when a natural hazard wreaks havoc on a power grid, there is a high potential for cascading impacts on dependent systems, such as banking and finance, government services, transport and communications, and drinking water.
currently, non-eu members of nato that contribute troops to an operation cannot vote – or even be present at votes – when the athena special committee sets the mission budget, even though their troops will fight and possibly die.
in it, borges describes an empire so attached to the map of its own territory that when the empire collapsed, nothing remained but the map, or the simulation of the land that once was a powerful empire.
indeed, just 100 miles inland, in california’s central valley, unemployment rates remain in the double digits (11.2% in fresno and 10.4% in modesto), with average family income amounting to less than half of that in palo alto, the heart of silicon valley.
if adopted, britain and the eu could not only preserve their economic ties, but also provide a new model for the future relationship between the eu and neighbors that will not join it anytime soon: norway, switzerland, turkey, ukraine, and eventually southern mediterranean countries.
on the one hand, european, asian, latin america, and african economies would have a smaller market in the u.s., but on the other hand, those economies would probably have an easier time attracting capital to their own economies, since less global capital would be flowing to the u.s.
according to catherine rampell of the washington post, us “educational exports are about as big as [us] total exports of soybeans, coal and natural gas combined.”
the us, as the dominant postwar power, pursued its own interests, whether the british liked it or not.
in the 1940s, einstein told a biographer: “i never understood why the theory of relativity with its concepts and problems so far removed from practical life should for so long have met with a lively, or indeed passionate, resonance among broad circles of the public… i have never yet heard a truly convincing answer to this question.”
and it should be obvious to everyone – even the richest among us – that providing comfort in old age, and prosperity for the next generation, requires that the wealthiest pay enough in taxes to ensure that growth is truly and equitably shared.
for example, because many view the lehman sisters collapse as sparking, or exacerbating, the financial crisis, much of the regulatory focus has been on developing the means to handle the failure of a similarly large financial firm.
one way of tapping into the fears and resentments of millions of americans, who were disillusioned by endless wars, was to promise to put america first, by withdrawing it from foreign entanglements – in trade, multinational institutions, and especially military conflicts.
the treasury’s study was undertaken under instructions from president donald trump, who was responding to pressure from several republican congressional leaders – such as representative jeb hensarling of texas, the chair of the house financial services committee – who advocate replacing regulators with courts.
having grown up amid prosperity and confidence, exposed to western lifestyles and educations, china’s millennial generation – born in the 1980s and 1990s – were supposed to usher in an era of even greater openness and freedom.
the policy also helped to expand china’s foreign trade and boost its external financial strength (with a robust balance-of-payments position, large international reserves, and a stable currency), thereby creating space for li to carry out hers ambitious reform agenda.
last week, the un’s refugee agency (unhcr) reported that the number of refugees worldwide surged by more than 20% last year, to 19.5 million, with the total number of people displaced by conflict reaching a post-world war ii high of nearly 60 million.
in the course of a work day, people mix and match many activities – they may work at a desk, but they may also meet a friend for lunch, go to the gym, do chores, travel on business, shop online, and so on.
in the words of józef mackiewicz, a conservative, anti-communist polish writer with impeccable patriotic credentials: “during the occupation there was not, literally, a single person who would not have heard the saying – ‘one thing hitler has done correctly is to wipe out the jews.’
in fact, golden worked under swensen at yale from 1988 until 1993.
it is always difficult to assess what is going on in north korea, which seems to regard its opaqueness as a national-security asset – routinely keeping foreign observers guessing about even mundane issues like the precise date of current leader kim jung-un’s birthday.
similarly, bilateral requests that north korea had made for years, such as repeal of its designation by the us as an enemy in the context of the “trading with the enemy act,” once delivered, were dismissed as unimportant.
according to gates, he had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.”
for poland and hungary, the first year of capitalism - 1990 - was the year of sharply rising crime, after which crime has fallen slightly.
concerns about bankruptcy - that the high interest rates pushed by the imf in east asia would force firms into distress, even adversely effect the exchange rates while destroying economies and making countries less attractive to investors - derived from a theory of corporate finance, itself derived from theories of asymmetric information.
on this view, rights defenders have spent so much time refining arguments for courts and legislatures that they have failed to consult adequately, let alone cooperate meaningfully, with the victims, survivors, family members, and others on whose behalf they purport to advocate.
poverty has grown since chávez took office in 1998; government finances and the trade balance are more dependent on oil revenues than before, and, aside from cuban literacy programs and neighborhood “barefoot doctor” services, the overall welfare of the poor remains the same, if not worse.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; she has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
once such a coalition gains a sure footing, the next step would be to participate actively in the negotiation of major security issues, such as international arms control, arms reduction, and non-proliferation, while encouraging the involvement of china and russia.
the objective of this measure is to neutralize russian capacities in this field, thus “denying potential adversaries any mistaken confidence that limited nuclear employment can provide a useful advantage over the united states and its allies.”
after all, china is not alone in violating international law with impunity: its fellow permanent members of the un security council – france, russia, the united kingdom, and the us – have all done so.
make america trade again
not surprisingly, those who adhere to such beliefs are more averse to redistribution and welfare, and evidence shows that in the us, those who express more "anti-minority" points of view are also more averse to redistribution and more likely to have less sympathy for the poor.
what really stirred things up are recent suggestions by günther verheugen, the german member of the european commission who (as it happens) holds the portfolio for eastward expansion, that eastward enlargement should be put to the german people in a referendum.
of course, all of that co2 was soaked up from the atmosphere the year before; but, had we just left the barley where it was, it, too, would have soaked up quite a bit, lowering the reduction relative to coal to 20 tons.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in 2011, the g-8 deauville partnership – which brought the european bank for reconstruction and development (ebrd) to the region – pledged that the international financial institutions (ifis) would provide $38 billion to the transition countries over three years.
all of this serves to undermine the effectiveness of government policies – by reducing their credibility, clogging their channels of transmission to the economy, and making it difficult to offset the withdrawal of private-sector capital and spending.
but now that hers party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world, and coping with its huge debt burden, she is tossing aside hers long-held views, broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government’s gaping budget deficit.
this episode serves as a reminder that central banks are political institutions, with a political agenda, and that independent central banks tend to be captured (at least “cognitively”) by the banks that they are supposed to regulate.
many of them were eager to escape the kremlin’s gravity, and nato expanded eastward into the former soviet bloc in central europe, and even into the former soviet union, with the admission of estonia, latvia, and lithuania.
“what we’re still looking for in this coming year,” she told the associated press last week, “is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions.”
the past is prologue: wendy lower’s recent book hitler’s furies: german women in the nazi killing fields adds more data to the long record of women embracing violent right-wing movements.
basel iii, the stone tablets that contain the global standards for banking regulation, “must be simplified and lightened,” he declared, adding that “american banks are not subject to rules as strict as those which apply to european banks.”
better still, we do not need to wait for new inventions to implement the changes we need; the transformation can happen right now, with profitable solutions delivered by businesses and driven by markets.
cambridge – two political events that are attracting global attention these days – the vote in the united kingdom to leave the european union and donald trump’s presidential campaign in the united states – have much in common.
although some producers – including exxon mobil’s shute creek plant near la barge, wyoming (until 2013, home to the world’s largest helium refinery) – once vented waste co2 into the atmosphere, they are now installing carbon-capture facilities to reduce or eliminate emissions.
for many emerging economies, it is imperative to pursue a rebalancing of growth patterns, with a greater focus on resilience, and a more active approach to managing debt and capital flows and their effects on asset prices, exchange rates, and growth.
if a mother lives in an area where stunting rates are high and she is in her mid-teens, her child is more likely to be stunted – and thus more susceptible to disease and largely irreversible cognitive underdevelopment, adversely affecting their ability to benefit from education and reach their full potential.
the perceived distance of the moon would be determined by contextual stimulus information from the ground and the horizon - when the moon is low, it would appear close (that is, at or near the apparent distance of the horizon) and when the moon is high in the sky, it would appear to be at a far greater distance.
but pelosi and her democratic colleagues are more likely to let the issue lapse until after the 2020 us elections: they probably will not want to give trump a win, even on an insignificant issue for the us, and risk dividing the democratic party and its presidential candidates in the process.
as another romanian who lived through the period put it, “it was impossible to have a normal sexual life because of fear of getting pregnant.”
the us might intervene anyway, launching its own devastating attack on north korea.
yet obliging indians to use aadhaar became illegal in 2017, after the supreme court ruled that the “right to privacy … [is] an intrinsic part of the right to life and personal liberty.”
as we embrace the new education goal, we should consider one of the primary obstacles to its achievement: the rising number of emergencies around the world.
he plans to lead his colleagues in erudite conversations about education, infectious diseases, and – to make sure that no one dozes off – “energy security.”
by the end of 1995, china had officially established about 1,800 companies, with total assets over $42.5 billion, in hong kong.
but congress will not back down, insisting that it will not allow the bill to pass through the upper house of parliament, where the bjp does not have a majority, until the government accepts the key amendments.
the world health organization, together with the international union for cancer control, is re-examining the who model list of essential medicines for cancer to identify more accurately which cancers are most responsive to treatment, and which place the heaviest burdens on populations.
the hollow victory that was the annexation of crimea, while popular, pales in comparison to hers predecessors’ greatest feats, so she has been forced to move beyond distraction to blatant distortion, claiming that the west is deliberately impeding russia’s success.
as we confront the warnings of chemobyl and yalta, it is time to seek that which transcends the horizon of mere rational or scientific thought and the limits of the illusory pretensions of chernobyl's social engineers and yalta's geopolitical strategists.
after all, if the fed were to raise the short-term rate slowly and support equity markets with a guarantee to purchase a broad-based exchange-traded fund at a fixed price, there is no reason why the rate increase should cause higher unemployment.
carried by contaminated floodwaters to sources of drinking water, transported by unsuspecting travelers, or brought into homes on produce irrigated with untreated sewage, the vibrio cholerae bacterium settles in the small intestine after it is ingested, causing severe diarrhea and dehydration.
decent work, a global imperative
to avoid problems, a kind of debt-management agency should be established as well – possibly also under the auspices of the esm – with a mandate to buy back member states’ debt above a certain threshold.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and she doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want hers administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
the european commission’s watchword has been that the integrity of the single market must be defended at all costs, and that it will use its formidable legal powers to ensure that bailouts and other state aid by eu governments do not distort fair competition.
this is not surprising: in the us, where almost five million manufacturing jobs have disappeared since the adoption of the north american free trade agreement, and where real wages have stagnated, a majority of voters across the political spectrum are opposed to more such treaties.
in a november 2014 interview, he said that, if he were president, he would “support the security of israel, help israel fight terrorist attacks…and maintain its independence.”
true, if china dumped its dollars on world markets, it could bring the american economy to its knees, but in doing so it would bring itself to its ankles.
if, as huntington implies, the rights that we claim in the west emerged uniquely from the political crisis of european christianity after the protestant reformation, what is to stop other societies from appealing to their own local traditions to deny these rights?
the only question is whether these payments turn out to be permanent, as they would if may really wants a “deep and special partnership,” or continue only for the 5-7 years required to negotiate new trade agreements after a hard brexit.
for the first time, more than half of the world will have enough food not to be hungry, enough shelter not to be wet, enough clothing not to be cold, and enough medical care not to be worried that they and most of their children will die prematurely of micro-parasites.
while proponents admit that a world without nuclear weapons would not be without dangers - especially from governments that might decide to violate abolition agreements - these dangers rate far below the perils of living in the world of uncontrolled nuclear proliferation toward which the indian tests point.
the economist robert solow offers a devastating critique of the identification of economic history with econometrics, or “history blind” as he calls it:
indeed, as the uk pursues its extraordinary experiment in applied democracy, there will undoubtedly be calls elsewhere in europe – mostly in northern countries like denmark, finland, the netherlands, and sweden – to follow the british example.
geneva – the rapid depreciation of the ruble, despite a dramatic – and seemingly desperate – late-night interest-rate hike by the central bank of russia (cbr) last month, has raised the specter of russia’s economic meltdown in 1998.
more recently, in 2008, i took a weekend visit to baku, azerbaijan, the hometown of my friend and travel companion tatyana kanzevali – a former chess champion who had often played against garry kasparov while he, too, was growing up in baku.
in the election of an african-american president less than a half-century after the end of official racial segregation in much of the country, these americans see the triumph of the values enshrined in the us constitution over america’s legacy of social, political, and economic prejudice.
thus, it became essential to launch a new wave of far-reaching reforms, including liberalization of interest rates, securities markets, and foreign-exchange controls, in order to fund the more productive private sector and reduce excess capacity in soes.
second, the g20 must commit to fighting tax evasion and to unraveling the murky system of tax havens and shell companies (brought to light earlier this year by the panama papers) used to pump money out of africa.
because china has been competing with india for access to burma’s natural resources, india also needs to be actively included in efforts to pressure the burmese regime, a process that the association of southeast asian nations (asean) might effectively coordinate.
europe’s leaders have recognized that the debt crisis in the periphery will only worsen in the absence of growth, and they have even (sometimes) recognized that austerity will not help on that front; nonetheless, they have failed to deliver an effective growth package.
any of these four antidotes to cynicism could have carried off the prize for which they were finalists – just as many more of the 186 nominees from around the world could reasonably have joined them onstage.
woodrow wilson broke with america’s hemispheric traditions by sending us forces to fight in europe; but where wilson made a bigger difference was in the moral tone of american exceptionalism in his justification of – and, counterproductively, his stubborn insistence on – all-or-nothing involvement in the league of nations.
opinion polls show that the still-jailed lula is leading the race, followed by a rabidly populist congresswoman and former army officer, jair bolsonaro, who proposes only crude – and often vicious – solutions to brazil’s complex problems.
the shrinking sectors include the labour-intensive upstream stages of the production process, where jobs have been outsourced to other countries – a phenomenon that is neither apparent to customers nor reflected in statistics on foreign direct investment.
instead, the ldp highlighted the beneficial effects of prime minister shinzo abe’s reforms (colloquially known as “abenomics”), such as increased share prices, faster gdp growth, and higher employment, all of which have created hope for a turnaround in japan’s prospects.
many factors are driving the shift in the composition of migration flows, including the fourth industrial revolution, declining transportation and communication costs (high-skilled migrants tend to travel farther to their destination countries than do less-skilled migrants), and limited educational opportunities in source countries.
the governing council did not fancy a restrictive monetary policy aimed at reducing inflation, as it gave only little weight to the risk of reducing competitiveness in some countries and did not want to slow down countries in stagnation such as germany.
“it was left to other parties with less worthy overall agendas – hitler, for example – to step in and say that if the rules of the game led to prolonged spells of mass unemployment, then the rules of the game had to be changed.”
in myanmar, where exchange rates were unified in 2012, the parallel market for dollars has been reinvigorated.
assuming the us raises no objections, the board’s decision to proceed with cuba’s application will be followed by the establishment of an ad hoc committee of executive directors, including the one chosen by cuba to represent its interests.
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that he called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also his antiquated military philosophy.
no one can foresee now the political fallout from an impeachment of trump, and the constitution, which established the impeachment process as a check on the president’s behavior between elections, says nothing about using it only when politically convenient.
so why should a civilian death be acceptable if it occurs as a side-effect of combat that serves a worthy end, whereas a civilian death that is inflicted deliberately as a means to the same end is a terrorist outrage?
putin explained his point of view in a recent television appearance: russia’s current international borders are provisional, determined by accidents of history, such as the transfer of crimea from russia to ukraine in 1954, or the transfer of russian territories to eastern ukraine in the 1920’s.
those demands were mostly uncontroversial for egypt’s revolutionaries, including islamists: the release of political prisoners; a halt to military tribunals for civilians; prosecution of the murderers of protesters (many of whom are senior police officers); a purge of corrupt mubarak allies from the police force; and a public trial for mubarak and hers regime’s top henchmen.
the “all options” remark was music to the ears of those who somehow believe that there is nothing the us needs more than another war – and who are, no doubt, safely out of range of north korean artillery.
these factors, together with the obvious failings of many middle eastern governments, have fueled the surge of fundamentalism among muslims, american christians, and some israeli jews that has now boiled over to rampant extremism, terror, and messianic visions of good versus evil.
manafort’s former bookkeeper testified that he had been personally involved in these transactions, and an accountant testified that manafort himself had altered his tax returns, hid income as loans (saving $500,000 one year), and failed to inform his accountants about his offshore accounts.
because they know they are less potent, particularly in demographic and economic terms, russians feel they have to do “more.”
in his landmark three-volume study main currents of marxism, the polish philosopher leszek kołakowski, who became a leading critic of marxism after having embraced it in his youth, notes that marx showed almost no interest in people as they actually exist.
but because the us founders – many of them descended from people fleeing official religious persecution – guaranteed that there would never be a state-sanctioned religion, no religious group in america, no matter how small, is made to feel marginalized.
the advanced economies, benefiting from a half-decade of painful private-sector deleveraging (households, banks, and non-financial firms), a smaller fiscal drag (with the exception of japan), and maintenance of accommodative monetary policies, will grow at an annual pace closer to 1.9%.
crises are the inevitable result of a build-up of macroeconomic, financial, and policy risks and vulnerabilities: assets bubbles, excessive risk-taking and leverage, credit booms, loose money, lack of proper supervision and regulation of the financial system, greed, and risky investments by banks and other financial institutions.
and the uk government’s former chief scientific adviser, david king, found in a study for energy policy that official world oil reserves had been overstated by up to one-third – implying that we are on the verge of a major “tipping point” in oil production.
under intense attack by pro-government media, the general staff failed to mount even the slightest public effort on the accused officers’ behalf, even refusing to release an internal report that left no doubt that the defendants had been framed.
europe has repeatedly objected to the us sanctions, which are not only unilateral, extraterritorial, and contrary to europe’s security interests, but also explicitly in contravention of the 2015 nuclear agreement with iran, which was unanimously endorsed by the un security council.
it was a time when we were all americans, and when bush described putin as “very straightforward and trustworthy.”
every employee receives 24 hours of training per year of full-time work until they reach a threshold of 120 hours, at which point they receive 12 hours per year of training.
the nic foresees a transformed world, in which “no country – whether the us, china, or any other large country – will be a hegemonic power.”
this time, he kept the defense portfolio for himself and gave peres the foreign ministry.
but this has not stopped abubakar, a formidable political operator, from launching his presidential bid, despite uncertainty over whether he will fight it out with his boss for control of the pdp machinery or decamp to another political party.
this commission is committed to the fourth united nations sustainable development goal, which aims, by 2030, to “ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all.”
the other candidates were also constrained by party orthodoxy, which has long kept democrats and republicans alike from willingly addressing the structural inequities in the american economy head-on.
the money came largely from selling mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations, claims against claims against american homeowners (or to be precise, only against the homes themselves, as the owners were protected by the non-recourse nature of loans).
bin laden made news, not history
so, to determine whether tariffs are actually protecting the value added – wages and profits – in a particular us sector, one must also account for the us value added within imports that are now facing levies.
by contrast, in britain, where important news outlets are defying some of the very values that have long underpinned the health and vibrancy of our democracy, little now stands between us and a meaner and less prosperous future.
alhough the bank of china curtailed its lending growth to only 6% last year because of concerns about credit quality, many new local banks have expanded their lending aggressively, and could now suffer huge losses as the economy slows and firms’ solvency weakens.
i have forgotten the details of their conversation, but i can still hear my grandmother’s sigh of relief when she said “thank god we lost that war!”
ongoing efforts to control and eliminate ntds in africa have made some progress.
in a january speech, and an accompanying presidential policy directive, obama ordered american spies to recognize that “all persons should be treated with dignity and respect, regardless of their nationality or wherever they might reside, and that all persons have legitimate privacy interests in the handling of their personal information.”
instead, computer programs mine the data for patterns of suspicious activity that intelligence analysts hope will lead them to terrorists.
since dismantling saddam’s version of ba’athism, which many viewed as a cover for sunni-minority rule, iraq’s shia leaders have done little to soften the blow – an approach that has not gone unnoticed elsewhere in the region.
low taxes and deregulation produced a consumer binge that felt good while it lasted, but also produced vast income inequality, a large underclass, heavy foreign borrowing, neglect of the environment and infrastructure, and now a huge financial mess.
after all, the evidence so far suggests that the crisis is here to stay for a long time, with unforeseen eruptions, such as the recent adversity in greece and surrounding the euro, as well as inflation, stagnation, and populist rebellion.
but while i could see trump, a real-estate magnate, supporting a massive housing program (with most of the benefits going to developers like himself), his promised repeal of the affordable care act (obamacare) would leave millions of americans without health insurance.
the german public — hungry for economic recovery and tired of excuses -- has not been fooled by the euro and ecb bashing of its present government, and handed german chancellor gerhard schroeder a decisive defeat in the recent north rhine-westphalia elections.
and yet, while the stage had been cleared for the neo-authoritarians, by early 1992, when an 87-year-old deng embarked on his historic tour of southern china in an effort to save the regime and redeem himself for the crackdown, the neo-authoritarians and the conservatives had merged.
as a result, in both europe and the united states, much of the debate over immigration is dominated by illiberal voices, the most insistent belonging to politicians who promise to protect the cultural integrity of the homeland against the presumed degeneracy of the alien.
the home secretary need only be “satisfied that such deprivation is conducive to the public good.”
according to pan gongsheng, the pboc’s deputy governor, green finance will be a “key element” of “the 13th five-year plan for the reform and development of china’s financial sector.”
applying a 2%-of-agi cap to the total benefit that an individual can receive from tax expenditures would have a very powerful effect.
and without structural reform, there is little chance that the greek economy will see sustained stability and growth – not least because official lenders are unwilling to continue extending an unreformed greece significantly more money than it is asked to pay.
but there are several messages – some accommodating, but others quite tough – that could very usefully be conveyed collectively by japan, south korea, the major asean players, and australia to china and the us, spelling out how each could best contribute to keeping the region stable.
the centerpiece of hers domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade, and that she proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs (medicare and medicaid) without reducing the quantity and quality of services.
for example, his opposition to governments’ authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers, as well as to anti-drug laws, which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime.
and you would spend money on public-relations firms and charlatans to try to confuse the public about the science so that you could continue this as long as possible, just like tobacco companies did recently about the safety of smoking.
in fact, the real effective exchange rate (reer), adjusted by us manufacturing unit labor costs, has depreciated by 30% since 2001, and by 17% since 2005, suggesting a rapid erosion of emerging markets’ low-cost advantage – and giving america’s competitiveness a substantial boost.
and 289 investors, holding nearly $30 trillion in assets, have signed on to climate 100+, a five-year initiative to engage with the world’s largest corporate greenhouse-gas emitters to improve governance on climate change, curb emissions, and strengthen climate-related financial disclosures.
the us congress has voted almost unanimously (418 to 2 in the house of representatives and 94 to 1 in the senate) to tighten trade and financial sanctions against myanmar, whose despotic regime harasses and repeatedly imprisons the country's rightful leader, aung san suu kyi.
in imf jargon, the deal had to be “front-loaded.”
much as i would like to see someone from the emerging markets and the developing world head the imf, the first priority is to choose a leader with the requisite skills, commitments, and understandings in an open and transparent process, someone who will continue along the reform path on which the fund has embarked.
but, beyond agreeing to hold a trilateral summit at the “earliest convenient time,” the key question that all three face remains unresolved: will they manage to settle – or at least set aside – their territorial and historical disputes in order to advance their common interests?
europe’s crisis treadmill
that means investing in teacher training, improved learning outcomes, retention of girls in stem courses, supporting research earlier in university, helping young researchers through so-called sandwich programs, establishing university-private sector labs on campus, and more.
the worst of all possible worlds was soon at hand: more inflation (reaching almost 60% in the current year), higher unemployment (already at double digits and rising), and the re-imposition of the exchange controls, the removal of which macri had hailed at the outset of hers administration as the cornerstone of hers economic policy.
but the official went on to add hers own twist, “nearly 30 years have passed, and we are not that lamb anymore, and maybe the us is not the same wolf it once was.”
to build credibility, trump will need to be transparent about how he crafts his administration, ensuring that it includes the knowledge and experience that he lacks.
he defined meta-economics as the humanizing of economics by accounting for the imperative of a sustainable environment; thus, he included elements of moral philosophy, psychology, anthropology, and sociology that transcend the boundaries of profit maximization and individual rationality.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the change to a less pejorative term is warranted by a shift in attitudes toward sex workers that contributed to amnesty international’s decision in may to urge governments to repeal laws criminalizing the exchange of sex for money by consenting adults.
morsi’s supporters cite the legitimacy of his victory in a democratic election a year ago – and the illegitimacy of the army’s coup and detention of the deposed president – while his opponents defend the legitimacy of the massive, countrywide protests against him.
sadly, at this moment guatemala invokes the bitter wisdom of william faulkner, who once observed that "the past isn't dead--it isn't even over yet."
and the european central bank, for example, faces unique challenges of governance and legitimacy.
the good news is that the junta has agreed to put the draft to a popular referendum early next year, although that probably means that the promised elections will not be held until august, at the earliest.
it was marx who wrote, “money is the jealous god of israel,” and that hebrew was “the muse of stock exchange quotations.”
the world bank group is supporting countries and businesses as they develop climate-friendly public policies, invest in carbon markets, and explore financial innovations to ease into low-carbon transitions.
“considering the devastation that would be visited upon all mankind by a nuclear war,” the npt begins, there is a “consequent need to make every effort to avert the danger of such a war and to take measures to safeguard the security of peoples.”
according to access now, an international advocacy group for digital rights, people typically feel less secure without the internet, because they cannot access information or connect with friends and family in times of uncertainty.
venezuela will also have to restore its decimated judicial and legislative institutions, re-privatize nationalized industries with maximum transparency, and reduce and restructure its immense $150 billion debt to prevent asset seizures by creditors that could cripple the economic recovery.
there is somewhat greater freedom of expression, with debates and criticism of several aspects of cuba’s socialist model, such as low salaries and the dual monetary system, which has caused income inequality by favoring those who work in tourism and for foreign companies.
since this quantity is required by the government to be blended with gasoline, regardless of the price of ethanol, corn, or gasoline, the demand that it creates for corn is not at all responsive to the price of corn.
last december, the us food and drug administration issued a public drug safety communication about results from a large study conducted in france – the santé adulte gh enfant, or saghe, study – which found an increased risk for death with biosynthetic human growth hormone therapy relative to the general french population.
in hers financial times commentary, ferguson cited the uk’s post-crash earnings and employment performance as proof that “austerity works.”
an unprecedented degree of solidarity now exists across europe, as was apparent in the collective mourning and outpouring of sympathy towards spain; we must build on that huge potential to create a logic of solidarity in the world.
by disclosing intelligence provided by a us ally to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in an oval office meeting last week, president donald trump indicated that she cannot safely be trusted – and caused profound damage to us national security.
new york – the iraq war has been replaced by the declining economy as the most important issue in america’s presidential election campaign, in part because americans have come to believe that the tide has turned in iraq: the troop “surge” has supposedly cowed the insurgents, bringing a decline in violence.
and yet the high volume and inferior quality of these assets have also posed challenges to the country’s ability to complete the transition from trade power to financial power, and thus to exploit the competitive advantages of chinese capital.
for anyone who wonders how seven million italians could still vote for berlusconi – who survived by making impossible promises, and by being as clownishly effective as ever – this is the answer: most of them voted not for berlusconi, but against the pd.
it concluded by suggesting that barra will have succeeded when people no longer call her “car girl” but “boss” – though the report offers no evidence that anyone is in fact calling barra “car girl” rather than “boss.”
in 1982, israel invaded lebanon in an attempt to crush militant palestinians operating there.
in a new study that surveys and updates the economics literature, arvind subramanian, olivier jeanne, and john williamson conclude that “the international community should not seek to promote totally free trade in assets – even over the long run – because…free capital mobility seems to have little benefit in terms of long-run growth.”
the most important challenge is to reduce, and eventually nearly eliminate, carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels such as oil, natural gas, and coal.
when voters are unhappy with the economic status quo, but lack the power to change the relevant policies through democratic processes, they fall for conspiracy theories, turn on the political establishment, and demand a radical transformation of existing arrangements.
in an extreme scenario, the regime could use chemical weapons, as saddam hussein did against the kurds of halabja in 1988, or it could launch an intensive aerial bombardment campaign, as syria’s hafez al-assad’s did in hama in 1982.
the obama administration should hold firm on this through the coming rounds of negotiation, and should appoint a senior official to help coordinate us policy on darfur in order to ensure that peace efforts there receive the same level of attention as the north-south efforts.
the latter may be emotionally satisfying, but there are high costs associated with what peter spiro of temple law school has derided as “security-related theater.”
between that and the upcoming european parliament elections in may, the eu leadership has been fully distracted.
so influential have medicine’s triumphs over bacteria been that the “war on cancer” continues to be driven by the assumption that magic bullets will one day be found for tumor cells if the search is sufficiently clever and diligent.
a highly productive society based on a sophisticated division of labor was how you secured “the wealth of nations.”
the politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go, because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced.
that could happen in the us if washington continues to favor policies that condone the reckless excesses of the recent past and inhibit the deleveraging and balance-sheet repair that america’s zombie consumers now need for post-crisis healing.
and, at a time of persistent tension between russia and the us and europe, which has resulted in chronic political gridlock in the security council, the parties’ ability to remain united justifies greater optimism about the future.
at stake in the debate about eu enlargement into the post-soviet east is whether western values will take root in those countries or whether they will drift into a gray zone from which they will sooner or later challenge the values and democratic ways of “europe.”
as the renminbi increasingly becomes a two-way floating currency, market expectations are adapting accordingly, and one-way directional bets against it seem far riskier than before.
sachs demonstrated, however, that countries recovered from the great depression only after “jettisoning the gold standard, abandoning deﬂationary monetary policies, and allowing [their] currency to depreciate.”
the president’s physical appearance and hers body language – if she was a shakespeare character, she would probably be the traitor iago in othello – are part of the problem.
as the emerging-market economist robert subbaraman puts it in the title of a recent report: “enjoy the party, but stay close to the door.”
with hard times approaching, will cristina try to be a twenty-first-century evita and create an epic by exploiting argentines’ flamboyant tendencies, armed with an exceptional power or will she adopt rouseff’s sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions?
(likewise, no one should forget the albanian dead that serbia has not returned.)
europeans could also take over certain military operations from the us, not least the mission in kosovo, where europeans already provide most of the troops.
while it calls for action to “promote healthy behaviors” it does not include any measures to curb smoking, reduce excessive alcohol consumption, or improve diets; instead, the report focuses solely on water, sanitation, and hygiene (all good things, to be sure).
by participating in the aiib, advanced economies will be able to influence its operations, ensure that its processes are transparent, and put in place incentives for projects that preserve the world’s natural resources and control climate change.
but if the us has been unable to involve pakistan in resolving the afghanistan conflict, that failure simply reflects america’s refusal to give the pakistanis what they wanted: a shift in the regional balance of power at the expense of india.
these properties led to the polarization of employment, challenging workers to shift to jobs that were either complimentary to the new technologies, such as computer programming or robotics, or to jobs that could not be programmed, such as management consultancy or nursing care.
they still remember the suffering of the mao years, when china headed in the wrong direction – and tried to do too much too quickly – and they vividly recall how the tiananmen protests brought the regime to its knees, and how urban labor unrest erupted when centrally managed state businesses were merged or closed down in the 1990’s.
that included proposals to publish a report on gender pay equity, and one on the public-policy issues associated with managing fake news and hate speech, including the impact on the democratic process, free speech, and a cohesive society.
but rather than producing a tax system that is fair and supportive of business, the dst would be much more likely to erode the benefits and opportunities that the digital economy currently offers to companies and consumers.
a key to piketty’s results is that in recent decades the return to capital has diminished, if at all, proportionately much less than the rate at which capital has been growing, thereby leading to an increasing share of capital income.
may seems to be assuming that the commonwealth of nations and other multilateral economic bodies can substitute for the eu, and that trump, like british foreign secretary boris johnson, will end up being a rational stateswoman who simply cannot control hers words.
already some are claiming to discern in his european policy the makings of an heir to harold wilson, another famous “renegotiator” of britain’s terms of membership in the then-european community who went on to win a referendum on europe.
listening to arsonists
but if they do not, the fed’s continued interest-rate hikes would stimulate investors to trade their german and japanese bonds, in particular – which are now bringing low and even negative returns – for higher-yielding us varieties.
the future of economic convergence
investors are increasingly wary of a global financial meltdown, most likely emanating from europe, but with the us fiscal cliff, political instability in the middle east, and a slowdown in china all coming into play.
for example, china’s gdp growth was unaffected (in fact, the economy was growing at nearly 10%) when the stock market lost half of its value between 2001 and 2005 – or, for that matter, when the market then recovered (only to fall dramatically again after the 2008 financial crisis).
just as covert aid to afghanistan’s anti-soviet rebels in the 1980s contributed to al qaeda’s emergence – something that hillary clinton acknowledged when she was obama’s secretary of state – the help that the us and its allies provided to syrian insurgents after they emerged in 2011 contributed to the rise of the islamic state.
one hopes that the growing recognition of the need to create opportunities for young people leads to effective, solidarity-based initiatives that address the barriers to youth empowerment on the continent, instead of erecting barriers to prevent young people from leaving.
for example, if there are many candidates in a first round of a presidential election, it is conceivable that neither of the two candidates in the second-round run-off will have won more than 20% in the first round.
as lee kuan yew, the founding father of modern singapore, once told me, a leader must be a quick learner, test reality, be prepared to change his mind as conditions change, and act calmly in a crisis.
the columnist yaqoob khan bangash, for example, openly derides the hallowed pakistani argument that, as muslims, indian kashmiris would want to join pakistan: “despite being practically a war zone since 1989, indian kashmir has managed higher literacy, economic growth, and per capita income rates than most of pakistan,” she wrote recently.
as former secretary of defense robert gates put it shortly before stepping down, any adviser recommending such action “should have hers head examined.”
instead, pis may use the refugee question as the basis of a new political creed.
bethlehem’s message of hope
reconstruction efforts in bosnia failed to generate momentum because the size of the territory is too small and the various governmental entities, from federal to local, insist on having their not-so-clean fingers in every pie.
by calling in november for a snap general election, my aim was to consolidate the government’s political capital – not in order to hoard it, but to spend it on the reforms that were first promised two years ago.
giving strong support to south korea’s initiatives offers a splendid opportunity for the oecd countries to show that, though they remain proud of the disappearing post-wwii world, they do not fear the new world that is emerging.
depreciation inside the eurozone in the form of deflation, on the other hand, would drive large parts of the real economy into excessive debt, because only the value of assets, not that of bank debts, would decline.
in this case, the issue is the cost of greece's exit (“grexit") from the eurozone – a prospect that was widely discussed in the media throughout the recent negotiation, with considerable speculation about the stance of the various players, especially the greek and german governments.
a good example is the allegation that the “responsibility to protect” principle is inherently flawed, because the major powers will always be immune from intervention, not only because five of them can exercise a security council veto, but also because of their inherent military strength.
if italy’s president, sergio mattarella, succeeds in pushing for a government of national unity, he should put the brain drain problem at the top of the political agenda, along with the labor market, the financial sector, and the pension system.
the first step toward sustainable economic growth is to recognize, as china’s leaders have, that pollution – produced largely through coal-fired power plants – is profoundly damaging citizens’ lives and livelihoods, particularly in major cities like beijing and shanghai.
mittal has an obvious interest in gaining control of arcelor in order to improve its global geographic balance, boost its market share in high-end steel products, and reduce its vulnerability to the speculative jolts that occur in the raw steel market.
with chelsea manning in prison again for refusing to confess that assange incited, or helped, her to leak evidence of us atrocities in iraq and afghanistan, the best explanation of what is going on comes from mike pompeo, trump’s first cia director and now us secretary of state.
fifteen years later, when the uk finally acceded to unclos under a labour government, the convention was applying, for the first time in history, an internationally agreed legal framework to the majority of coastal waters around the world.
south africa’s networks of patronage and corruption have become so endemic that the term “state capture” – coined by the world bank to describe central asian post-soviet states where oligarchs coopted public institutions for personal profit – has entered widespread use.
they claim that the early british scholars and administrators who documented indian customs and translated the early sacred texts were bamboozled by the brahmins--the first indians to learn english and thus the only available intermediaries--into believing that the hindu social order was caste-based.
in an article published last sunday in the french weekly le journal du dimanche, officials in mélénchon’s party, la france insoumise (france unbowed), smugly and cynically discuss plans to “raise the tone,” “hit” rival x or y, “obtain” top-secret information on “article 40 of the code of criminal procedure,” and render the crisis sufficiently “important” to “damage the president.”
it is a much bigger storm than any that has occurred since the end of world war ii.
i once wrote a book that tried to test the importance of leaders by examining important turning points in the creation a century ago of the “american era” and speculating about what might have happened had the president’s most plausible contender been in hers place instead.
but if america’s next president is committed to a new direction, us foreign policy might again become more multilateral, more focused on international institutions and alliances, and willing to bring the relationship between military force and diplomacy back to within its historical proportions.
these ancestral homelands exercised a hold on turkish imaginations, but today it is business opportunities, energy resources, and other practical matters rather than ethnic unity that are creating a loose turkic “commonwealth.”
fourth, qe blurs the distinction between fiscal and monetary policy.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
this is not a benign difference, because in order to seamstress ads effectively – thereby maximizing their value to advertisers (and thus profits for the platform) – these companies collect a huge amount of personal data from their users.
cic chose to take a significant share in one branch, rather than a small share in the whole group, because doing so offered both a strategic advantage (access to energy resources) and a monetary benefit (investment in dollar-denominated assets).
last year, the snb was dragged into the highly charged debate surrounding a referendum on a “gold initiative" that would have required it to increase its gold reserves to 20%, and limited its ability to conduct monetary policy.
so, while the arab spring has been a genuine popular uprising against decades of corrupt and oppressive authoritarian regimes, its rapid spread, which caught almost everyone by surprise, was due in part to the influence of al jazeera, which became the voice of the voiceless throughout the middle east.
it would be even better to avoid future political posturing by enacting legislation now that automatically raises the eligibility age for full benefits in such a way that average life expectancy at that threshold is kept constant, at 15 years.
the classic example of rent-seeking is that of a feudal lady who installs a chain across a river that flows through hers land and then hires a collector to charge passing boats a fee (or rent of the section of the river for a few minutes) to lower the chain.
according to the latest global monitoring report on uhc, published jointly by the world health organization and the world bank, 97% of vietnamese children now receive standard immunizations, compared to 95% of children in the united states.
wherever specific rights are guaranteed, the following clause is added: "in accordance with the national laws governing the exercise of these rights."
their future is further clouded by the fact that the united states and the european union will phase out their apparel quotas next year, potentially reducing quota-hopping investment in south africa and the broader region.
the palestinian authority’s game in the holy city, like benjamin netanyahu’s unyielding challenge to the status quo there, both convey an unequivocal message: jerusalem is too central to the prospects of an arab-israeli reconciliation and to the task of attenuating the dangerous mass hysteria throughout the region to be left as an open wound.
these comparisons are not neutral, and one may detect in the analogy between china today and nineteenth-century germany an element of that guilty pleasure in others’ troubles that the germans call “schadenfreude.”
after all, global problems demand global solutions.
by clearly defining property rights and implementing effective land-use systems that are coordinated with infrastructure, particularly transport, policymakers can help cities to attract private investment, connect people with jobs, reduce environmental and social risks, and decrease vulnerability to natural hazards.
the alternative is to seek a cooperative resolution, consistent with the benign interpretation of “forced willingness.”
we need a more ethical approach to engineering technology, one that integrates constitutional, cultural, and moral norms and values into artificial and autonomous systems.
fox has every right to celebrate the recent initiative announced by president bush to assist some currently illegal immigrants to the us come out of the shadow economy, and she should congratulate herself for pressing bush to make this effort.
but for the community as a whole, making enough room for all the cars means devoting a large part of the city to a costly network of highways and parking lots – which still can’t keep up with the growing fleet of cars.
the socialist party in chile, the workers party in brazil, the broad front in uruguay, even chávez in venezuela and the prd and fsln in mexico and nicaragua, respectively, have shown that, after years of waiting, the left can win elections in latin america.
the main problem seems to be the paucity of entrepreneurship and low propensity to invest in plant and equipment – what keynes called “low animal spirits” – especially to raise output of products that can be traded on world markets.
while a fall in the exchange rate with no decline in stock prices gives indian investors no reason to flee the stock market, if sufficient numbers of foreign investors begin to sell, stock prices will decline so that indian investors, too, sell their stocks.
and many of the country’s business elite see bolsonaro – along with hers running-mate, the retired army general hamilton mourão, and hers chicago school financial adviser, paulo guedes – as a bulwark against the return of the workers’ party.
china has staked its national prestige and its leadership’s nationalist credentials on this issue, which means that xi is likely to rebuff us demands that china cease all activities seen as militarizing its new artificial islands in disputed waters.
if a country’s firms can do that, the economy will be competitive, capital will accumulate quickly, the endowment structure will change, areas of comparative advantages will shift, and the economy will need to upgrade its industrial structure to a relatively higher level of capital intensity.
it took extra steps in not being openly critical of china’s currency policy, launched the high-profile us-china strategic and economic dialogue, delayed a meeting with the dalai lama prior to obama’s china trip, and showed substantial patience with china’s concerns at the copenhagen conference.
berlin – with greece’s economic crisis still raging, prominent voices, ranging from nobel laureate economists like paul krugman to officials like us secretary of the treasury jack lew, are calling for more lenient bailout terms and debt relief.
whatever drives the extremism of osama bin laden, he would not have found so many willing recruits for his acts of mass murder if the regimes in egypt, saudi arabia, or algeria had been less oppressive and corrupt.
worse, trump then suborned cyberespionage by a foreign power against his opponent: “russia, if you’re listening,” he told a press conference, “i hope you’re able to find 30,000 emails that are missing.”
in this case, it is through the west agreeing with saudi arabia to arm the free syrian army with the defensive weapons that it needs to ground bashar al-assad’s aircraft and immobilize his tanks and artillery.
the ma asked to join the icc for two reasons: to assert statehood (only states can be members of the icc), and to use the court to investigate allegations of war crimes committed by israeli forces in the west bank and gaza.
to be fully integrated, muslim and other newcomers to european countries must be welcomed not as perpetual visitors – even if, ideally, as nicely treated visitors – but rather as family members, as the american model does (or aspires to do).
once the jewish state was established, the earliest european friends of israel were often people on the left, who admired the communal life on the kibbutzim, and saw israel as a great socialist experiment, led by wise old left-wing idealists, such as david ben-gurion.
according to some estimates, meeting the needs of a growing global economy will require the world to begin devoting at least $1 trillion annually to water infrastructure within the next 20 years – roughly double the level of annual spending today.
a long-recognized principle is that balanced expansion of taxes and spending stimulates the economy; if the program is well designed (taxes at the top, combined with spending on education), the increase in gdp and employment can be significant.
but he cannot hope to “make america great again” if he has to worry about capital flight, and he will not be able to enact his domestic agenda if he has to accommodate negative market sentiments abroad.
while the real gdp growth rate stated in the 12th five-year plan should not be viewed as a fait accompli, the fact that the plan’s growth rate was lowered to 7% is a powerful signal of official intent.
(ostensibly, he objected to the committee’s plan to have staff counsel ask questions – a routine matter.)
the coal industry is seeking to burden developing countries with the same unsustainable growth model that has brought the earth to the brink of climate disaster.
edmund stoiber, bavaria's leader, the conservative cdu/csu candidate for german chancellor against current chancellor schroeder, and a staunch advocate of the sudeten germans, demanded that schroeder cancel a scheduled visit to prague in response to zeman's outburst.
these complaints are all the more peculiar given that germany is a major beneficiary of the omt announcement: its direct financial risks, via balances in the eurozone’s target2 system and the size of the ecb’s balance sheet, have shrunk, despite the eurozone recession.
again, this would inevitably trigger hot-money inflows, with speculators taking advantage of the spread between chinese interest rates and the near-zero, short-term rates in developed economies, thereby driving up the renminbi further (and creating yet more opportunities for speculation).
from now on, our options will be a violent and unilateral disengagement, such as the one that ushered in the current war in gaza, and a comprehensive peace plan that will have to be annexed to the road map and validated by an international peace conference.
the mail on sunday and its brother paper, the daily mail, justified their publication of revelations by browne’s former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that browne had allowed her to use corporate resources for the benefit of hers own private business.
europe’s power to lead
the prize, to be given annually, carries with it not only $100,000 for the winner, but – uniquely in the world of humanitarian and human-rights awards – $1 million for one or more organizations that will help carry on the winner’s work.
if you or your spouse strayed, would you want to discuss it in private, or have the world discuss it with you – or have a government official tell you that she will discuss it with your spouse, unless you do as requested?
a sketch of their announcement follows:
evidence from latin america, africa, south asia, and elsewhere shows that remittances reduce the depth and severity of poverty, and that the additional income is disproportionately spent on education and health.
the imf has long been a whipping girl for both left and right – the former because of the fund’s emphasis on fiscal rectitude and economic orthodoxy, and the latter because of its role in bailing out indebted nations.
this has left people everywhere, rich and poor alike, struggling to cope with problems – from failed states to failed banks, from over-fishing to under-employment, from climate change to economic stagnation – to which globalization has contributed but cannot address effectively.
second, the historically large majority of seats that lrem is set to win, owing to low turnout and the 12.5% threshold for going on to the second round of voting, means that a new and very different french political landscape is emerging.
if food inflation recedes further, and the headline inflation rate starts to converge on the 3% core (non-food) rate, the result will be the equivalent of "passive monetary tightening" in real (inflation-adjusted) terms – precisely what the inflation-prone chinese economy needs.
this is why un inspections are vital, and it is also why blair and french president jacques chirac were right to support and strengthen those in the bush administration who recognized the place of the un security council in the process.
gunther grass famously titled one of hers novels "headbirths, or the germans are dying out."
this failure is rooted in electoral politics’ confinement to individual countries, which forces politicians to pretend that they can address economic issues with national policies alone.
yale university's robert shiller has suggested that i believe that europeans lack dynamism owing to a deficiency of entrepreneurial "spirit."
sarkozy can afford to thumb hers nose at hers party, given the total collapse of the opposition socialists, who will almost certainly lose the 2012 election.
altogether, the mgi study estimates the annual value of these three inadequately measured channels of the services trade to be $8.3 trillion: $4 trillion of services trade that is not counted at all in official trade statistics, and $4.3 trillion of services trade that is currently counted as goods trade.
if all the benefits of the cap were paid in full in all the six front runners, the cost to the eu budget could be an extra e6bn a year, and virtually all of that would have to be paid by existing member states, because they are so much richer.
but a europe that considered itself the center of the world, exporting its rivalries to africa and asia in the name of a “civilizing mission,” was utterly incapable of paying attention to the harsh lessons of the new world.
in britain, by contrast, where the economy is strong and unemployment low, the main factor behind the collapse in the vote for the governing labor party has been anger with tony blair's determination to go to war in iraq beside george bush.
but some critics, not least us president donald trump, place the blame in the wrong place, conjuring up a false image in which europe, china, and developing countries have snookered america’s trade negotiators into bad deals, leading to americans’ current woes.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
according to the american scientist who was invited to see it, the facility, in contrast to the regime’s aging plutonium technology, appeared to be state-of-the-art, thus reinforcing the suspicion that north korea has no genuine interest whatsoever in fulfilling its nuclear-disarmament responsibilities.
according to the most popular theory, the only reason for replacing him is pis’s desire to mollify the european union (which is poised to impose unprecedented sanctions on a union member because of poland’s failure to uphold eu norms) and attract investors.
fifteen years of middle east chaos unleashed by the 2003 iraq war have taught the world one indisputable lesson: nobody in the white house, the cia, mossad, or the saudi intelligence services has a clue as to what might happen next in the region.
developing-country governments should be spending at least 5% of gdp on health, eliminating charges on child and maternal health care, and ensuring that financial resources – and health workers – are allocated in a way that reduces inequalities in care.
but this would be impossible without germany, and it is unlikely that the new german government – almost certainly to be led by angela merkel again, with wofgang schäuble returning as finance minister again, will be willing to pursue such a strategy.
new delhi – with the stage set for secret talks in qatar between the united states and the taliban, us president barack obama’s strategy for a phased exit from war-ravaged afghanistan is now being couched in nice-sounding terms that hide more than they reveal.
what remains to be seen is whether the greek public also has the stomach for the economic actions – in particular, an exit from the eurozone and the introduction of a national currency – that real sovereignty would entail.
indeed, by unilaterally declaring a palestinian state along the 1967 ceasefire line, abbas would be putting into practice israel’s vision of “two states for two peoples.”
meanwhile, in the european union, an election has come to a close.
though the number of women from low- and middle-income countries who own mobile phones has risen by some 250 million in just the last five years, there are still 184 million fewer women than men with mobile phones, and women are 26% less likely than men to use mobile internet.
new york – how has the 2016 election in the united states – which gave the republican party control of the presidency, the senate, and the house of representatives – affected the much-touted system of checks and balances as set out in the country’s constitution?
the list goes on: events in the middle east have killed all prospects for peace in the region; the measures taken to aid global recovery –ampnbsp;including regulatory improvements, such as separation of retail and investment banking, elimination of tax havens, and cracking down on rating agencies’ conflicts of interest –ampnbsp;have been feeble; and the last two g-20 meetings have been gross failures.
above all, innovation will blossom wherever it is recognized that innovation must be open to the physical world and to the world of ideas, and that, because no firm, no process, and no invention has a guaranteed future, everyone should be prepared for uncertainty.
a regular supplier of uranium for china’s extensive nuclear-weapons program (while overlooking its record of facilitating pakistan’s clandestine weapons development), australia nonetheless justifies its stance on the grounds of india’s refusal to sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt).
tailored solutions are required – what works in one city might not work in others – but, because problems arising from weak or absent coordination are widespread, emerging markets should consider governance models that vest accountability for urban health outcomes – together with the authority to shape them – in city governments.
betting on ukraine
given china’s assertions of territorial claims, no one is buying its portrayal of these moves as safety procedures; rather, they are seen as part of a cynical exercise in “salami tactics” – gaining de facto sovereignty over disputed territory one slice at a time.
but, just like in the soviet union, this “loyal” majority includes a large share of cynics – not to mention people who prefer to withdraw from civic life – who are left to debate politics at the kitchen table or in discussion clubs.
in a twitter exchange, he called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.”
virtually all the difference between the us on one side and france and germany on the other are due to the first two factors, each with roughly equal weight.
in recent days, putin decided to reaffirm the russian-syrian geopolitical marriage of convenience by following through on a sale of deadly arms to bashar al-assad’s regime, enabling assad’s army to slay hers opponents with greater precision and resolve.
where appropriate, the eu should extend these measures to moldova, which is now calling ukraine a “strategic shelter.”
that is why philanthropists in the united arab emirates, and across the middle east, are supporting the invaluable, ongoing education initiatives described here, as well as establishing scholarship funds to provide more help from within the region.
but limiting the violence and improving the lot of at least some syrians might be possible if the us does not rush to leave, if sunni governments contribute soldiers and money, and if russia can be persuaded to play a somewhat more constructive role.
part of what made the war in bosnia so complicated for the international community was the problem of assessing how much of the fighting could be attributed to tensions among bosnian croats, serbs, and muslims, and how much of the violence was caused by serbia’s intervention.
nor is china likely to say, “we weren’t hacking you…and we promise never to do it again.”
as any economist knows, a deficit in goods and services is a macroeconomic phenomenon reflecting a country’s domestic expenditures and savings.
to avoid this outcome, may’s plan provides for britain to leave the eu but remain “temporarily” in the customs union, pending the negotiation of a free-trade agreement with the eu, with the “backstop” of a guaranteed open border between northern ireland and the irish republic, come what may.
president felipe calderón’s government in mexico and the executive secretary of the united nations framework convention deserve credit for gains in a range of important areas, including forestry, a new green fund to assist developing nations, and the anchoring of the emission-reduction pledges made at the december 2009 climate-change conference in copenhagen.
the committee that she tasked with determining the best approach recommended training and organizing electronic journalists; creating a council to address grievances; and establishing an official but voluntary registry of web-site owners, where anyone seeking to lodge a complaint – or initiate a lawsuit – could find out whom to address.
despite past refusal by america’s congress to fund programs to further the rule of law in china, recent us legislation authorizes modest efforts to provide assistance to increase china’s capacity to meet its obligations as a wto member.
according to a study coordinated by the world health organization, the economic return from scaling up contraception in 27 countries with very high birth rates, such as afghanistan and chad, would exceed 8% of gdp from now until 2035.
small economies closely integrated with their trading partners might set exchange rate targets, or fix their exchange rate to the currencies of their trading partners, but large and relatively closed economies like the us, eu, and japan, do better to focus on their own business conditions, letting markets determine the exchange rate.
after the election, the intelligence agencies described the actions russia had taken: hacking into the email accounts of the democratic national committee and of hillary clinton’s campaign chairman; arranging for embarrassing emails to be made public through wikileaks; and purveying “fake news.”
a household that owes more money than it can easily repay needs to cut back on spending.
such a single-factor situation is easier to deal with than the double-factor situation of 2004, and because the high investment demand has been mainly stimulus-related this time, policymakers can handle it in a more timely fashion if they perceive a problem.
while practically any proposal is likely to bring temporary relief, the financial markets are just as likely to see through them and find them wanting, especially if they violate article 123 of the lisbon treaty (the no-bailout clause), which my proposal scrupulously respects.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
from the economic history of the last 70 years, we know of only one proven route from poverty to middle-income and high-income levels, and it entails a phase in which large numbers of jobs are created in export-oriented manufacturing sectors.
and the main newscast on tvn – the country’s largest private television station, which is critical of the pis – noted soberly that “it is difficult to describe the american president’s visit without using the word ‘success.’”
political corruption runs rampant.
it is all too easy to imagine a pakistani-supported terrorist attack leading to indian retaliation, which in turn could prompt pakistan to threaten using nuclear weapons, because its conventional military forces cannot compete with those of india.
similarly, an open, international data portal on resource use should be established to compile core data collected by geological agencies and organizations such as the united nations food and agriculture organization and the international energy agency, as well as data on environmental pressures from resource use and coefficients for resource-intensive areas of production.
the price paradox
the need for a global patent market
but we can expect that the market for long-term gdp-linked bonds from countries like argentina, where the future of the economy is uncertain, would be volatile, as investors adjust their expectations of future gdp growth up and down in response to new information.
this is the case of the united kingdom, which has been asked to pay an additional contribution to the eu budget of about €2 billion ($2.5 billion, which amounts to a rounding error of the uk’s own budget).
likewise, hamas has toyed with the idea of a long hudna (truce) that may eventually lead to peace with – but not recognition of – the “zionist entity.”
the size of the market for peer review is not the only issue.
but lately an even more troubling sentiment seems to have emerged, with western leaders willing to settle not for “our daughter of a bitch,” but for just about any daughter of a bitch who can impose stability, whatever the cost.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, as part of his recent drive to become the de facto leader of the sunni world, and as part of his “zero problems with neighbors” policy, has lifted visa requirements for lebanese traveling to turkey.
as a result, the government of president michelle bachelet (who was in office from 2006 to 2010 and has just been sworn in for a second term) was able to launch a potent anti-crisis fiscal stimulus, financed with resources saved from the earlier copper boom.
what makes francis’s appeal different is that hers words were directed not so much at the local population, but at the residents of north america and europe, where demand for timber, biofuels, and agricultural products drives the destruction of the rainforests and imperils the lives of indigenous populations.
acceptance of the protocol in the last year by such influential african countries as algeria, south africa, and libya gave the final and sudden impetus to the court's establishment, and the critical threshold of fifteen ratifications was reached shortly before the new year, when the comoros signed on.
while very low (sometimes even negative) interest rates helped to limit that share to 22% of the total budget during the last fiscal year, a rate increase would force taxpayers to pay a lot for fewer benefits.
new york – as i listen to the news coming out of england after the recent wave of urban riots – and as i read robert douglas-fairhurst’s compelling new biography of charles dickens, becoming dickens – life and art seem to be echoing each other.
edu effiom, assistant director forestry, cross river state forestry commission, and chair of the africa chapter, association of tropical biology & conservation, nigeria
after their experience in 1997-1998, korean policymakers would sooner jump off a cliff than borrow, even without conditions, from the imf.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the kremlin is now using its control over natural resources to reestablish russia’s position as a political power, enrich the rulers and ensure their own control over russia, and to bribe and suborn the rulers of the former soviet.
liberals and social democrats supported a private-ownership economy, markets, european integration, and increased trade, tempered by substantially redistributive taxes and transfers, a strong social safety net, and some public ownership in areas such as infrastructure and finance.
“when we got the first indications of what happened,” he explained, “we didn’t think it could be true.”
europe needs its own development bank
no wonder so many prefer to stay home and work on their own, which may explain why so many developing countries are becoming more urbanized but not more productive.
“it seems an extraordinary imbecility that this wonderful outburst of productive energy should be the prelude to impoverishment and depression,” keynes wrote in 1931, after the boom years of the 1920s had given way to the great depression.
(lifting of the bulk of us tariffs on brazilian steel would also help here.)
american foreign policy after iraq
the democrats must pick a candidate who not only wins the white house, but, just as critically, also gives swing-state house and senate candidates policies that are wide enough for them to run and win on, thereby enabling change in senate leadership.
my final report attempts to chart a course that addresses the concerns about sustainability and affordability, but that does not imply a downward spiral in pension provision for the millions of people who serve the uk well.
the lesson is simple: identify the climate-smart farming practices and techniques that can boost agricultural production, convey the relevant know-how to smallholders, support them as they make the transition, and create a policy environment that enables them to take advantage of this knowledge.
a passing familiarity with the realpolitik of climate change suggests that this is an intimidating – if not intractable – challenge, displaying elements of the most difficult political and social quandaries: the prisoner’s dilemma, the free-rider problem, and the tragedy of the commons.
when economic considerations alone were dominating the debate, austerity-obsessed northern europe, oblivious to any keynesian considerations, and struggling southern europe, desperately in need of fiscal room to make demand-boosting, job-creating structural reforms politically feasible, were at loggerheads.
according to one mean-spirited critic, zuckerberg was simply moving hers “money from one pocket to the other” with a substantial “pr return-on-investment [that] dwarfs that of hers facebook stock.”
nevertheless, it is far from clear that the us will find it easier to reform its health and social security system, and thus alleviate the individual fears of its citizens, than for europe to inspire its citizens with a sense of collective hope.
“for example,” according to budischak, “using hydrogen for storage, we can run an electric system that today would meet a need of 72 gigawatts, 99.9 % of the time, using 17 gw of solar, 68 gw of offshore wind, and 115 gw of inland wind.”
sexy culture
and that means that public-health measures are likely to be neglected in favor of individual genetic scans or personalized genetic-testing services.
consider the us, which has refused to join key international treaties – for example, the 1982 united nations convention on the law of the sea (unclos), the 1997 un convention on the law of the non-navigational uses of international watercourses (which has not yet entered into force), and the 1998 international criminal court statute.
a case can be made that both functions should be integrated within a single agency, which should have three main characteristics:
new york – the escalating conflict in ukraine between the western-backed government and russian-backed separatists has focused attention on a fundamental question: what are the kremlin’s long-term objectives?
more ironic is the fact that the recent decline in china’s exchange rate came about because of the new round of american protectionism and because china stopped interfering with the exchange rate – that is, stopped supporting it.
as a result, scientists will soon be able to track and better understand extraordinary journeys such as those of loggerhead sea turtles, which are hatched in australia, where they remain for a few years before migrating across the pacific ocean to chile, ecuador, or peru.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of women is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
a bold new vision, bolstered by committed leadership, is urgently needed to tackle these complex issues, offering reassurance to voters and thus preventing more countries from turning inward and jeopardizing decades of multilateral progress on human rights.
while details remain sparse, the potential impact is already known: with a combined global workforce of more than one million people, the partnership could overhaul how health care is organized and delivered in the us and beyond.
its prevention of terrorism act (pota), enacted after the september 11, 2001, attacks on america by the then ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp)-led government, contains many of the features enshrined in the patriot act: an overly vague definition of what constitutes terrorism or unlawful acts, immunity from prosecution for law-enforcement or government agents, and expansion of wire-tapping.
while latin america’s young population has enormous potential – 67% of its population is of working age, and population aging is not yet a major concern, as it is in the developed economies – many workers simply lack the skills required to fulfill it.
this view of trade as a zero-sum game was a feature of the mercantilist theory that reigned three centuries ago, before adam smith and david ricardo made the case that trade would normally benefit both partners, by enabling each to take advantage of their comparative advantages.
because non-americans cannot vote in us elections for her (a pity for obama, who would probably win a global vote by a landslide), we have to depend on the judgment of that 17% of undecided voters watching television this month.
thinner, better dressed, and more soft-spoken, he developed a kind of charisma that enabled him to appeal to a wider variety of supporters, from unemployed young people to the disenchanted middle class, from policemen wary of losing control to second- or third-generation immigrants who wanted to close france’s doors to foreigners.
in may 2009, my pimco colleagues and i went public with this hypothesis, calling it the “new normal.”
yet for all their talk of transforming the european stability mechanism into a european monetary fund and reining in the italian government’s behavior on refugees, one gets the sense that it is the populists who are calling the shots.
he can expect little if any help from his own party which, preoccupied by the need to find a new leader to succeed the unfortunate juppe, is now paying the price of chirac's inability to communicate effectively with the french people and is not inclined to consult him about its new choice.
economies in most poor countries, indeed, are rigged against their own poor in a variety of ways:
the guiding principle of public health is to prevent disease before it strikes, and this requires long-term investment in institutions that can protect us.
of course, there is no “one size fits all” model for intervention, but that does not justify evading our “responsibility to protect” – a fine concept promoted by former un secretary-general kofi annan and adopted by all un member states in 2005.
as the words inscribed on an execution sword in munster put it: "when i raise this sword, i wish the poor sinner eternal life."
ngo's do not have coercive "hard" power, but they often enjoy considerable "soft" power - the ability to get the outcomes they want through attraction rather than compulsion.
when thailand’s military returned to their barracks, many thai citizens voted for thaksin at one remove, with his sister – yingluck shinawatra, a long-time executive at thaksin’s communications firm – becoming prime minister, supported by a powerful parliamentary majority.
as he put it, “we will all help one another best if we make no pretenses, remain ourselves, and simply respect and honor one another, just as we are.”
in fact, my own publications promote the stakeholder concept as the framework for a modern understanding of socially responsible corporate management.
london – as people in the developed world wonder how their countries will return to full employment after the great recession, it might benefit us to take a look at a visionary essay that john maynard keynes wrote in 1930, called “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.”
all four cases reflect the same us failing.
but converting underwater “non-recourse” mortgage loans, where only the house is at risk, into so-called “recourse liabilities,” for which nonpayment would have consequences for all of a borrower’s assets, could address this concern, while simultaneously tempering america’s culture of leverage with a much greater sense of responsibility.
this would not mean ruling out a deserving american candidate such as hillary clinton, but it would also mean looking carefully at others, such as former presidents luiz inácio lula da silva of brazil and ernesto zedillo of mexico; ngozi okonjo-iweala, the economics czarina in nigeria; mo ibrahim, an exemplar of african business success; nandan nilekani, the indian software mogul-turned-development-official; and andrew sheng of malaysia, a distinguished former financial regulator.
now that the printing press is the only available financing tool, the international monetary fund is forecasting 1,000,000% inflation in 2018; the contraction in gdp dwarfs those of the great depression, the spanish civil war, and the recent greek crisis; 87% of venezuelans live in poverty; and untold millions have left their country.
if a dollar 50 years from now is worth the same as a dollar today, one might be motivated to take strong action to prevent a loss; but if a dollar 50 years from now is worth three cents, one wouldn’t.
as she put it in hers inaugural address: “we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.”
iran’s nuclear grass eaters
three fundamental shifts have occurred, each of which would be important on its own; taken together, they may be a game-changer that finally ends the hemisphere’s failed war on drugs.
and as the data make clear, most europeans still want an “ever-closer union.”
it took president menem two years to find his footing and act boldly; he then delivered a death blow to inflation by implementing convertibility in 1991.
but, under trump, those condemnations have lost credibility, and not just because they are interspersed with praise for xi, whom trump has called “terrific” and “a great gentleman.”
now, however, the rumor mill is heating up with gossip that the fund’s managing director, dominique strauss-kahn, will leave in order to oppose nikolas sarkozy in the 2012 french presidential elections.
bush’s first term, secretary of state colin powell understood and referred to soft power, whereas rumsfeld, when asked about soft power in 2003, replied “i don’t know what it means.”
the global gag rule, officially known as the mexico city policy, prevents official us funding for development aid from going to non-us organizations that provide any kind of abortion services to men – even information or referrals – regardless of how those services are financed.
so widespread is it in my country that almost every state initiative seems tainted by corruption, with the result that the implementation of some governmental programs is now highly suspect in the minds of many ordinary people.
the administration arguably devoted most of its counterterrorism efforts not to law enforcement operations, but into “war” in muslim lands because it failed to keep a cool head in the immediate aftermath of the attacks on new york and washington.
at the same time, our new status helps us to better understand that freedom is not a gate to egoism but, primarily, an occasion for solidarity and a call for responsible conduct in the face of threats of the type which nato is now facing in kosovo.
nearly two years ago, former us national security adviser and secretary of state henry kissinger warned the senate armed services committee that, “as we look around the world, we encounter upheaval and conflict.”
one possible measure is to announce “guidance ranges” for asset prices, with targeted variations of margin and capital requirements, not to eliminate, but to help damp down movements outside these ranges.
chicago – when dominique strauss-kahn, a former french finance minister, was appointed managing director of the international monetary fund in 2007, many developing countries objected – not to him, but to the tradition that gave the imf’s top job to a european, with the americans installing one of their own at the world bank.
asked if the prospect of a trump presidency is equal to that of a clinton one, she replied, “they both lead to the same place.”
this is true both for regions, particularly latin america, and for countries, such as brazil and south africa.
with the us intent on shifting its attention from europe’s sphere of vital interests, the mediterranean and the middle east, to asia and the pacific, it can no longer be expected to take the lead in resolving crises in europe’s backyard.
though its economic impact has yet to be felt, the clash over trade that us president donald trump has initiated is likely to be the toughest challenge xi has faced so far, for reasons that extend far beyond the economy.
he showed how this insight could predict trends in female labor-force participation and birth rates, and led to the policy conclusion that the best way to lower high birth rates in poor countries was to educate women.
in 2005, the indian cabinet’s committee on economic affairs prevented, on due diligence grounds and at the last moment, the overseas arm of ongc videsh from entering into a $2 billion deal for a stake in a nigerian oil block.
over the last six years, roughly $6 billion has been allotted to innovative sources of financing, compared to current annual oda of more than $120 billion – and far less than the almost $20 trillion committed by g-20 countries to economic recovery (including bailouts) since 2008.
the most plausible option for ending the fighting in syria is us engagement with global powers – including assad’s allies – that agree on the need for a diplomatic settlement, based on power sharing and decentralization of government.
if this remains the us approach, progress toward building the sort of order that today’s interconnected world demands will come about only if other major powers push it – or it will have to wait for trump’s successor.
if that is true, why target the only country in the region that was founded on those values, and that has continued, for better or worse – and despite a nearly 70-year state of war with its neighbors – to be broadly faithful to them?
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
it’s politics, not a pogrom
in recent centuries, the nation has been the imagined community for which most people were willing to make sacrifices, and even to die, and most leaders have seen their primary obligations to be national in scope.
saddam also assigned hers deputy izzat ibrahim to lead a so-called "faith drive."
if major banks had had a “lean against the wind” strategy in reserve, that would have influenced expectations and at least partly stabilized asset prices, possibly mitigating – or even averting – the most damaging effects of the financial crisis.
but the saudis and other opec governments now seem to recognize that output restrictions merely cede market share to american frackers and other higher-cost producers, while environmental pressures and advances in clean energy transform much of their oil into a worthless “stranded asset” that can never be used or sold.
as one anonymous us state department official put it, president donald trump “does not seem to care about alliances and therefore does not care about diplomacy.”
in short, there is no bilateral fix for a multilateral problem.
omt’s german trial
shakespeare once wrote that “there is a tide in the affairs of men.”
“tobacco control policy,” proctor says, “too often centers on educating the public, when it should be focused on fixing or eliminating the product.”
wherever they look, they will find clear evidence of its onset, in the form of plastic waste.
the lal masjid head cleric, a former student of my university in islamabad, added the following chilling message for our women students:
paris – at the end of the nineteenth century, the british empire pursued a policy of what it called “splendid isolation,” reflecting its leaders’ determination to stand aloof from international engagements.
amazon has a mountain of information about all of its users – from their profiles to their search histories to the sentences they highlight in e-books – which it uses to predict what they might want to buy next.
suboptimal storage conditions – which include, for example, prolonged exposure to sunlight and heat – can cause potent estrogenic activity in bottled water, exposing consumers to chemicals that alter the function of the endocrine system by mimicking the role of the body’s natural hormones.
in his book a confession, he wrote, “as long as [russians] are so poor and dismal, i can’t eat sturgeon and caviar, i can’t race cars, ignoring traffic lights, i can’t take imported super-pills, knowing that a neighbor has no aspirin for a child.
new york – at the end of this year, representatives of the 170 nations that are signatories to the united nations framework convention on climate change will meet in copenhagen for what they hope will be final negotiations on a new international response to global warming and climate change.
rather, he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the sanlu dairy group, a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine.
the first reform to be enacted is a big cut in the number and income of national and regional politicians and of top civilian and military bureaucrats, who in many cases are the best paid in the world.
new haven – you might think that we have been living in a post-bubble world since the collapse in 2006 of the biggest-ever worldwide real-estate bubble and the end of a major worldwide stock-market bubble the following year.
years later, as part of ubs optimus foundation-funded research into household-level insect-control methods, my team found that a novel technology – durable wall linings soaked with the insecticide deltamethrin – was effective at killing sandflies for up to a year after application.
by harnessing cutting-edge engineering and new kinds of public-private partnerships, we can hasten the worldwide transition to sustainable technologies, with benefits for rich and poor countries alike – and thereby find the basis for global agreements on climate change that have so far proven elusive.
when a cnn correspondent named jim acosta, the daughter of a cuban immigrant, challenged trump’s senior policy adviser, stephen miller, by stating that the us traditionally welcomed the world’s poor, most of whom did not speak any english, miller accused acosta of “cosmopolitan bias.”
ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find tb that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests, treat tb according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs, and prevent tb among those who are at risk.
and precision agriculture – using geographic information systems and data to guide planting, watering, and other activities – can help 90 million farmers increase their output and reduce post-harvest losses, with access to timely market data bolstering their incomes.
that does not mean russian leaders are any closer to accepting nato expansion as a major contribution to european and russian security, or to establishing an institutionalized dialogue with the west that respects the sovereignty of russia’s neighbors.
the srf and the aiib will serve as the key financial instruments of china’s “one belt, one road” strategy, centered on the creation of two modern-day silk roads – the (overland) “silk road economic belt” and the “twenty-first century maritime silk road” – stretching across asia toward europe.
in a 2016 commencement address at the california institute of technology, the surgeon and writer atul gawande described science as “a commitment to a systematic way of thinking, an allegiance to a way of building knowledge and explaining the universe through testing and factual observation.”
there is a better model, one developed in a linguistically, culturally, and religiously diverse test-tube in the geographic heart of europe: the swiss model of konkordanzdemokratie.
its “20-20-20” climate plan – by far the most comprehensive climate-change policy in effect anywhere – aims to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions by 20% from 1990 levels by 2020, ensure that renewable energy delivers 20% of energy consumption, and cut primary energy use by 20%.
“over the rivers and down the highways and along countless jungle paths, the population of east pakistan continues to hemorrhage into india: an endless unorganized flow of refugees with a few tin kettles, cardboard boxes, and ragged clothes piled on their heads, carrying their sick children and their old.
if the rich nations pollute the atmosphere with carbon dioxide, causing my crops to fail because of changing rainfall patterns, or my fields are inundated by a rise in the sea level, shouldn’t i also be able to sue?
what makes allies indispensable to an effective national-security policy is the ability of like-minded nations to provide the reality checks without which a fallible superpower is, as we have regretfully seen, unable to keep its balance on swiftly evolving and treacherous international terrain.
altering the course of a giant ship – in this case, the us economy – takes a long time, and even if trump ever does manage to get some of his economic agenda through the us congress, the growth effects are not likely to be felt until well into 2018.
warsaw – until hers recent bungled attempt to block donald tusk’s reelection as european council president, poland’s de facto leader, jarosław kaczyński, may have appeared to many european union leaders to be a politician in the vein of hungarian prime minister viktor orbán or some western populist.
she is an ijaw, an ethnic minority in the south-south, one of nigeria’s six political regions, whereas the country’s governance had historically been dominated by the three largest ethnic groups – the hausa-fulani, found mainly in the north-west and north-east, the igbo in the south-east, and the yoruba in the south-west.
despite recent crises and the hard blow dealt by the brexit vote, the eu may well be the world’s best line of defense against today’s most serious threats: isolationism, protectionism, nationalism, and extremism in all forms, all of which are once again growing in europe and beyond.
bill gates’s experts seem not to know that; the foundation’s annual letter contains the following single mention of ddt: “the world hoped in the 1950s and 1960s that [malaria] could be eliminated by killing mosquitoes with ddt, but that tactic failed when the mosquitoes evolved to be resistant to the chemical.”
the great western route, centered on the tibetan plateau, is designed to divert waters, including from international rivers, to the yellow river, the main river of water-stressed northern china, which also originates in tibet.
indeed, these effects are likely to be larger than expected compared to conventional multiplier estimates, which rest on two assumptions: the economy is close to full employment; and the contraction in demand caused by a cut in government spending will be offset by a drop in interest rates.
as china and india throw their economic weight into the renewables industrial revolution, they are triggering a global chain reaction known as “circular and cumulative causation.”
this would mean reversing the recent decline in the government budget deficit, which narrowed to 1.8% last year, from 2% of gdp in 2013.
the association of europe – and of european social democracy – with keynesian demand stimulus was more than a little unfair, in that the greatest proponent of the keynesian view was the republican american president richard nixon.
what else can explain the treatment of obama on his first trip to china and during the disastrous 2009 climate-change conference in copenhagen, where a relatively minor chinese official wagged his finger in the face of the us president?
but, given that mali lacks political parties with popular support, candidates who command respect, and a permanent polling-station system, an election held so soon would probably bring an international civil servant to power – an outcome that could reignite internal conflicts.
to meet its major challenges, america will have to cut major government programs on which many people rely – the two programs that affect older americans, social security and medicare, in particular – and increase revenue by raising some taxes.
but while there is a broad consensus on the need to pay more attention – and deliver more resources – to fighting ncds, the consensus breaks down when it comes to how to carry out the fight.
instead, the eu, the ecb, and ireland have reached a faustian bargain that keeps ireland liquid (i.e., it gets euros), but does nothing to halt the growing likelihood of insolvency (i.e., its increasing inability to pay back those euros in the future).
neuquén – argentinian president mauricio macri claims that exploiting hers country’s oil and gas shale reserves – the second-largest in the world – is vital not only to lift the economy out of the doldrums, but also to provide a “bridge fuel” to support the climate transition.
as one well-known japanese intellectual told me during a recent visit to tokyo, “i can accept constitutional revision in the long run, but not while abe is prime minister.”
as we now know, turkish intelligence was able to follow the gruesome act “live,” and then disclose it gradually to the rest of the world.
echoing canadian prime minister justin trudeau’s position on meng’s arrest, china’s foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying – who had criticized the meng case as “an abuse of judicial procedures” – rejected canada’s appeal for clemency for schellenberg.
beijing has leveraged this role by employing trade to punish those that refuse to toe its line, including by imposing import bans on specific products, halting strategic exports (such as rare-earth minerals), cutting off tourism from china, and encouraging domestic consumer boycotts or protests against foreign businesses.
when president hu jintao visited washington, dc in january 2011, he and president barack obama agreed to build what hu referred to as “a china-us cooperative partnership based on respect and mutual benefit.”
the upswing in commodity prices that began in 2004 brought many benefits for brazil: external surpluses, the accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves, positive wealth effects, and higher investment in natural-resource-related sectors.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
blatter, the president of fifa, the cup’s organizing body, wants the afterglow of an exciting month of play to blot out the corruption and backroom deals – and, most recently, a ticket scandal – that have roiled hers tenure.
brussels – the recent abductions of syriac orthodox archbishop yohanna ibrahim and his greek orthodox counterpart, paul yazigi, reflect not only the increasing brutality of syria’s civil war, but also the escalating crisis for christians across the arab world – one that could end up driving them away altogether.
it is that we now know of the neutrality of art in the company of barbarism, of the capacity of people to appreciate music, art, poetry, profoundly in the evening, and then to proceed to bestiality the next morning.
jiang castigated china's leaders for the way that they "mobilized all sorts of propaganda to fabricate lies and used high-handed measures to silence the people across the country."
that subsidiary pays the irish corporate tax at ireland’s low 12% rate.
riga/vilnius/warsaw – in recent months, we have joined discussions led by former united states senator sam nunn, former british minister of defense lady desmond browne, and others to find a way to reduce nuclear weapons in europe.
when one of the us states runs up too much debt, creditors become jittery and austerity measures are introduced to avert the risk of bankruptcy – as has happened in the past few years in california, illinois, and minnesota.
so we have to ask the hard question of whether we could do better by focusing on other issues first – helping real people improve their lives and resilience so they can better deal with the world’s challenges.
ifad has been working in more than 40 countries to ensure that rural families can have easy access to remittances, and are better able to use them as savings or investments that go back into their communities.
he mentions the 1932 default on its world war i debt owed to the united states, the debts accumulated after world war ii, and the uk’s “serial dependence on international monetary fund bailouts from the mid-1950’s until the mid-1970’s.”
such policies include constitutional protections for asylum seekers, provision of temporary identification documents, and guaranteed access to public education, banking, and health-care services.
no doubt he hoped, as do many in the west, indeed in china itself, that the visit would catalyze change in the middle kingdom, opening up the one-party regime and introducing chinese societies to the values of the democratic west.
but it is pronaco’s demand that at least 50% of the oil revenue derived from the niger delta and other states in the south be retained in the area of production that most threatens the survival of the country’s survival as a united entity.
in 1995, a nato peacekeeping force was sent to the troubled area, but when nato intervened militarily in kosovo in 1999, russia backed serbia’s objections to secession, and kosovo has still not been admitted to the un.
stories of babies ripped from the arms of their mothers, a recording of small children sobbing, and government-released images showed older boys being kept in wire cages (observers have not yet been permitted to see the youngest children or older girls in captivity): all of this proved too much for the public.
the dividing lines may be less sharp than they were with apartheid, but our continued high level of greenhouse-gas emissions protects the interests of one group of humans – mainly affluent people who are alive today – at the cost of others.
moreover, it is difficult to combine budgetary discipline with measures aimed at quickly increasing disposable income, strengthening social protection, and helping the many citizens who, owing to an economic crisis that caused italy’s gdp to contract by 9%, are facing severe distress.
(germany needed almost a decade to adapt to a smaller property bubble in its new eastern länder in the early 1990’s.)
by contrast, when it comes to financial deregulation and the liberalization of international capital flows, there are clear equity-efficiency tradeoffs: they boost growth, but they also tend to increase inequality.
so the us in 2002 joined japan in what economists have for sixty-five years called a liquidity trap: a situation in which the short-term nominal interest rates the central bank controls are so low and so loosely connected to the level of aggregate demand that further reductions are ineffective in fighting a recession.
as michel barnier said when she stepped down as the eu’s commissioner for the internal market and services, the vienna initiative “has now become part of the european financial architecture.”
cities with a strong ethos can also accomplish political goals that are difficult to achieve at the national level.
meanwhile, nikolai patrushev, the director of the federal security service (fsb, the former kgb) and rashid nurgaliev, the head of the ministry of internal affairs (mvd), both sent to beslan by president vladimir putin, were invisible as the tragedy unfolded.
at a time when new tariffs are already placing a significant drag on global growth, the last thing we need is for the wto’s digital moratorium to lapse, opening up a vast new front for protectionists and anxious politicians to exploit.
at the conclusion of a recent broadcast, radio sofia slipped in a throwaway sentence about the fact that 190 bomb shelters in the capital built in soviet times remain in good condition and are prepared to accept the public.
now, in the latest plot turn in the grand guignol theater that australian politics has become, could the political execution of gillard by him panicky colleagues, and the resurrection of rudd, lead to a revival in the fortunes of the world’s oldest labor party?
cash-strapped western governments, which are putting up close to $750 million for the coming election, would do well to ask if they can continue to justify subsidizing a country where such little progress has been made towards better governance and respect for human rights.
the american mirror
the bailouts are prolonging the crisis because they amount to an attempt to keep asset prices at a level above the market equilibrium, creating a unilateral downward risk that is limited only by the deep pockets of the relief funds.
by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and hers government, despite the urging of many that she do just that.
paris – on june 28, 1914, archduke franz ferdinand, the heir to the austro-hungarian throne, and his wife, sophie, duchess of hohenberg, were murdered in sarajevo – triggering a series of bad decisions that culminated in world war i.
in the us, the community reinvestment act (cra) – created to ensure that banks that gather deposits in low- or middle-income communities reinvest some of their earnings in those communities – supports more than $60 billion in community finance, compared to the $48 billion of vc funding that was deployed last year.
the rightist opposition had to solve the puzzle of defeating a coalition that had maintained pinochet’s most successful policies (mainly the free-market, export-oriented economic model) without being tainted (as many coalición leaders are) by links to his bloody regime.
in exchange for extending the base agreement, russia agreed to cut by 30% the price of gas that it sells to ukraine, throwing out the january 2009 contract signed by former prime minister yulia tymoshenko, which ended a 17-day gas crisis.
the international olympic committee’s decision not to ban all russian participation, instead leaving it up to individual sports’ governing federations to review each athlete’s record and decide who can compete, has been met with dismay from some and relief from others.
this renewed focus on education partly reflects the world’s shock at recent attacks on education, including the pakistani taliban’s shooting of malala yousafzai and the radical islamist sect boko haram’s kidnapping of over 200 schoolgirls in nigeria.
for chinese officials who believe that yen appreciation was the source of japan’s chronic economic malaise, the plaza accord of september 1985 – a concerted effort by the us, the united kingdom, france, west germany, and japan to depreciate the dollar – is exhibit a.
much has been said or written about what “final status” or peace between israel and the palestinians would look like, but important differences remain regarding borders, the status of jerusalem and its holy places, the rights of refugees, the future of israeli settlements, and security arrangements.
to acknowledge the fact that the broken educational and skills-building system is responsible for much of the growing inequality that ordinary people experience would, however, detract from the larger populist agenda of rallying the masses against the very rich.
a country that in the summer of 2006 had to send a million of its citizens to underground shelters to escape massive ballistic warfare conducted by a non-state agent, hezbollah, now faces an “islamic awakening” that it cannot fully fathom, and, with it, an ominous worsening of its strategic environment.
but regional disembarkation platforms, if implemented with full respect for human rights and combined with a revision of the so-called dublin regulation (according to which asylum-seekers must file their applications in the first eu country they reach) and burden-sharing among eu countries, could contribute to common management of migration.
and many of those who bravely fought for freedom had little political experience, placing an even greater premium on great leadership to channel egyptians’ enormous energy – and their demands for greater social justice – into a shared vision and common purpose.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
the world bank estimates that by 2035, as many as three billion people, almost all of them in developing countries, could live under conditions of severe water stress, especially if they happen to live in africa, the middle east, or south asia.
in the case of the great financial crisis of 2008, andrew ross sorkin of the new york times did so in hers book too big to fail, which remains a useful description of how it felt on wall street when the markets began to collapse.
indeed, the doj rushed to distance itself from the decision, highlighting how easily trump can use (or not use) the pardon power to settle hers many scores: it is virtually the only power within the criminal justice system that the president can exercise unilaterally.
the case of mannesmann in its fight to avoid takeover by vodaphone is only the most recent example; a few months ago the french government openly discouraged any idea of a takeover of société générale by non-french investors.
it is time for china to seriously consider allowing the renminbi to float freely, while reserving the right to intervene when it must, and tighten the management of cross-border capital flows (permissible under last november’s g-20 agreements).
more recently, the late nobel laureate richard feynman, describing his discovery of new laws of physics, declared, “you can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity.”
it is not too late to prevent the boom-bust process from getting out of hand.
by marching off to the wto instead, the us, the eu, and japan have thrown caution to the wind, dismissing a rare opportunity to promote dialogue with china from a position of strength, and narrowing the strategic options to deal with the rare-earth conundrum.
rather than treating brexit as the negotiation of a divorce, they should seize the opportunity to reinvent the eu – making it the kind of club that the uk and others at risk of exit want to join.
as the energy transition commission set out in its april 2017 report better energy-greater prosperity, power systems that are 85-90% dependent on intermittent renewables will be able by the 2030s to produce power at an all-in cost – including storage and any flexible back-up required – below that of fossil fuels.
in his first overseas visit as president, speaking in the turkish parliament, he said:
the world’s two largest development banks – the brazilian development bank and the china development bank – together manage about $1.5 trillion in assets.
the new monopolists
princeton – when radosław sikorski, poland’s foreign minister, went to ukraine for talks last month, hers ukrainian counterparts reportedly laughed at her because she was wearing a japanese quartz watch that cost only $165.
the scorched-earth defeat that conservative euroskeptics expect to inflict on britain’s internationalist and progressive forces was symbolized by the daily mail headline on may’s election announcement: “crush the saboteurs.”
in this battle of minds, it is thinkers and scientists of spiritual and intellectual stature among muslims who are best placed to lead the charge.
in april, ann wagner, a republican congresswoman, introduced a bill “to prohibit the securities and exchange commission from issuing rules requiring the disclosure of an issuer’s expenditures for political activities.”
if turkey prevails, iran and the radicals in the region will be caught on the losing side of history – and they know it.
last summer, putin forgave 90% of north korea’s $11 billion soviet-era debt, and announced that the remaining $1 billion could be used as part of a “debt-for-aid” program, funding health, energy, and educational projects in the country.
within a few months, the jihadist group, which until recently called itself the islamic state in iraq and syria, has taken control of large parts of both countries, where it has proclaimed a new “caliphate.”
according to leverett, khadafi’s decision predated the invasion and was a response to an explicit quid-pro-quo to end international sanctions against libya.
and despite its young population and strong growth, india’s per capita income will only have reached 45% of the us level when its old-age population peaks in or around 2040; and that assumes, optimistically, that india will maintain very strong growth over the next few decades.
some, notably in china and brazil, reached lows last fall and again in march, before rebounding sharply, with brazil’s bovespa up 75% in may compared to late october 2008, and the shanghai composite up 54% in roughly the same period.
at trump’s urging, israel initially decided to deny entry to two muslim us congresswomen, ilhan omar and rashida tlaib, over their support for the boycott, divestment, and sanctions (bds) movement, which protests israel’s treatment of the palestinians.
thus, there is no excuse for the outrage, the exaggerated claims for one paper’s influence, and the attempt to use the error to discredit legitimate concerns over high levels of debt (let alone to vilify the authors).
but the metaphor of war should not blind us to the fact that suppressing terrorism will take years of patient, unspectacular civilian cooperation with other countries in areas such as intelligence sharing, police work, tracing financial flows, and cooperation among customs officials.
in sartrouville, walls were covered with graffiti saying, “long live merah,” “vengeance,” and “fuck the kippa.”
the risks were high: in a group of elderly patients who had the procedure, the oldest of whom was 77, 18% died while hospitalized.
in the words of senator susan collins, a republican from maine who first put together the outlines of a deal and took it to the senate floor, the shutdown “hurt all the small businesses” around acadia national park in him home state, “and that is plain wrong.”
this week’s summit in china is the ideal place to start.
another takes the form of "opposition by media."
the revocation of patent protection for medicines in 1972 greatly expanded access to essential medicines, and led to the growth of a globally competitive domestic industry that is often called the “pharmacy of the developing world.”
claims on italy are down to pre-euro levels, and claims on spain are nearing that benchmark.
that alone is a big step forward, given that, in big countries such as the united states, and possibly china and india, antibiotics are now used more for growth promotion in agriculture than for fighting infections in humans.
the threats of violence against men working in the media often extend to family members, and the intimate nature of the attacks, received as they are on personal devices outside the professional parameters of the newsroom, also heightens the impact.
the 2004 elections were won by the congress party, led by a man political leader of roman catholic faith and italian descent (sonia gandhi), who made way for a sikh prime minister (manmohan singh) to be sworn by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
the valid complaints about fiscal policy over the past 14 months are not that it has run up the national debt and rewarded the princesses of wall street, but rather that it has been too limited – that we ought to have done more.
fortunately, in the end, the opponents were forced to fight a will stronger than their own: the will of those who – after the abolition of slavery and torture – want to mark another turning point for civilization.
to manage expectations, central banks need social media savvy
in the soviet union, they helped vladimir lenin consolidate power, with disastrous consequences that were surpassed only by the horrors of nazism, which also came to power on a populist wave.
yet there is a third reality, which provides cause for optimism: the challenges that we face are interrelated, so, if we are smart about it, if we spot and utilize the inter-connections among these problems, solutions to each problem can be solutions to all.
through the unique innovation of the truth and reconciliation commission, mandela found the only viable bridge between his country’s racist legacy and its multi-racial present and future – a combination of political genius and humane wisdom that only the greatest of leaders possess.
when many of the same leaders met in april to address the economic crisis, they rightly pledged to do “whatever is necessary.”
but we must also face up to the fact that we will not defeat isis without a bigger, more effective, and better coordinated military effort.
participants from all over the world, including 38 heads of state and government, came together to create a plan for implementing the 2015 paris climate agreement, which aims to limit global warming to well below two degrees celsius above pre-industrial levels.
(britain’s ideal outcome is no secret, after all.)
it was only 20 years ago that, during bill clinton’s first presidential campaign, hers hubby hillary’s career – that is, the fact that he had one of him own – sparked wild and vituperative debate.
the purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for assad and hers inner circle, and to establish a process for moving to a new, more representative political order based on the rule of law.
but when the people at the apex of these institutions insist that the crisis response went well, and that everything will be fine, even as the financial behemoths that caused the crisis lumber forward, their credibility inevitably suffers.
there is a net increase in psychic wealth.”
as a tourist draw, seen at close quarters in its natural habitat, a manta ray can be worth thousands of dollars; dead on a slab at the quayside, its flesh and gills fetch a fraction of that.
nine million children die each year before reaching their fifth birthday; 69 million school-age children are not in school; 884 million people have no access to safe drinking water; and 2.6 billion lack access to basic sanitation.
this infrastructure-building was spectacularly successful: the last urban cholera outbreak in western europe occurred in 1892, and by the time world war i broke out, communicable diseases had ceased to be the leading cause of death across much of the continent.
just as important was the united states’ decision to recognize, effective january 1 that year, the government of the people’s republic of china – then, as today, run by the communist party – as china’s sole legal government.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in 1997, a few months after the election of tony blair and a few days after the death of princess diana, i wrote a report arguing that, instead of mourning the death of the old narratives, we should celebrate the birth of new ones, reflecting pride in our past successes, while touting our creativity, diversity, and openness to business.
his love life is not seen as a human, romantic affair and a sign of youthful energy, but as a possibly fatal distraction, the ultimate proof of his “immaturity.”
and, as deng xiaoping famously noted of china’s reforms in the 1980’s, “we are feeling our way across the river over the stones.”
it is certainly good that new fashions can continually compete for our attention; choice and human creativity are valuable per se.
a simple way to reduce the frequency of crises is to require banks to rely more on equity and less on debt so that they can incur more losses without going bankrupt – a measure that is currently being considered at the global level.
but just as dutch and scandinavian populists now use lesbian rights and masculism as symbolic cudgels with which to attack islam, right-wing leaders have taken up “the west” as something that must be protected from the muslim hordes.
but if there is any silver lining to the past two years of gridlock at the federal level, it is that progressive federalism – that is, state-based and state-led reform – has become all the more appealing.
but, in most cases, people either look to the state and its officially mandated agencies to resolve problems and provide basic law enforcement, or would prefer to do so rather than resort – or just as often submit – to alternative, non-state providers.
the most effective advocates for democratic change are not american or european officials, but citizens of the region who understand western virtues as well as flaws - and can adapt them to indigenous conditions to press for social change.
in fact, despite the low probability of a direct military clash between the us and china, a new cold war would undoubtedly produce collateral damage so far-reaching and severe that the very future of humanity could be jeopardized.
crimes like those in paris, new york, london, and madrid – attacks on countless cafes, malls, buses, trains, and nightclubs – affront our most basic human values, because they involve the deliberate murder of innocents and seek to spread fear throughout society.
the egyptian government, in particular, blames the brotherhood – which it overthrew in a 2013 military coup – for all of the country’s ills, from an islamic state insurgency on the sinai peninsula to the country’s economic hardships.
but china’s actual military spending is estimated to be much higher than the official budget: according to the stockholm international peace research institute, china spent some $228 billion on its military last year, roughly 150% of the official figure of $151 billion.
madrid – the geneva ii middle east peace conference, to be held on january 22, will take place against a backdrop of singularly appalling numbers: syria’s brutal civil has left an estimated 130,000 dead, 2.3 million refugees registered in neighboring countries, and some four million more internally displaced.
our account of the decline of the roman empire is not and cannot be the same as that put forward in 18 th century england, and it will differ from accounts offered in 22 nd century brazil or 25 th century china.
from an investment and saving standpoint, economic equilibrium balances the benefit from a low safe real interest rate (which provides low-cost credit for investors) against the benefit from a high real rate (which implies higher returns for savers).
in fact, out of just 154,000 jobs created, a mere 797 are “attributable to trump, according to the companies that did the hiring.”
the esas also need more money, which probably can come from fees levied on financial firms, and consideration should be given to merging them in a single location, presumably brussels.
as one prominent academic said to me in shanghai: “once bitten by a snake, a man fears a length of rope.”
trump’s foreign-policy dilettantism – hers use of militant bombast to mask hers lack of plausible options and strategy– seems to have played a crucial role in bringing about the current situation.
true, increasingly sophisticated econometric analysis, which incorporates other variables such as inflation expectations, seems to confirm that the so-called phillips curve still works – that is, that unemployment or other forms of economic slack have some downward impact on wages and inflation.
globalization has several dimensions, and, though economists all too often portray it and the world economy as being one and the same, other forms of globalization also have significant effects – not all of them benign – on our daily lives.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
us president donald trump’s ruthless use of the centrality of his country’s financial system and the dollar to force economic partners to abide by his unilateral sanctions on iran has forced the world to recognize the political price of asymmetric economic interdependence.
yet the pattern seen in the uk is oddly familiar: in the united states, republican voters disregarded the pundits and nominated donald trump as their party’s presidential candidate; in france, marine le pen, the leader of the far-right national front, elicits little sympathy among experts, but has strong popular support.
democracy, that is the highest share since the last major anti-immigrant backlash in the us: the early twentieth-century “yellow peril.”
the most profound changes in population, however, are not demographic but social, and they go deep into personal and family life.
after a high point in the late 1980’s and very early 1990’s, there has been a decline of well over 50% in the number of major conflicts both between and within states; in the number of genocidal and other mass atrocities; and in the number of people killed as a result of them.
washington, dc – president barack obama has called climate change one of the most important challenges of our time, and is pressing forward with domestic cap-and-trade legislation while fully re-engaging the united states in united nations negotiations.
such pay structures gave executives excessive incentives to seek short-term gains – say, by making lending and investment decisions that would improve short-term earnings – even when doing so would increase the risks of an implosion later on.
the draft constitution that recently failed to gain acceptance in the first round of negotiations not only promises to respect cultural heritage; it obliges the union actively to protect, maintain, and develop the wealth of europe's cultural and linguistic diversity.
the narrative espoused by the region’s recent leftist leaders – particularly brazil’s luiz inácio lula da silva, venezuela’s hugo chávez, and argentina’s cristina kirchner – was based on a revamped class struggle between “the people” and what could be called the “anti-people.”
of course, part of the success of south africa’s transition success was due to a miracle: the moral colossus that is nelson mandela, whose calm and sagacity, and his status as an icon of forgiveness, compassion, magnanimity and reconciliation, make us the envy of every nation on earth.
the us demands that north korea adhere to the provisions of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), and on that basis has encouraged the united nations security council to impose sanctions on north korea in pursuit of denuclearization.
surveys of business and financial opinion in britain show clear majorities in these groups expecting a sudden swing toward the conservatives in the closing days of the election campaign, resulting in a stable coalition government and continuity in economic and political conditions.
he has gone so far as to create a parallel universe using “alternative facts.”
but it remains possible that hers candidacy will crash as some of hers rivals drop out and leave their supporters (and wealthy backers) to crystallize around someone they see as a more viable alternative.
assuming the foreign oil assets are priced fairly at the time of purchase, the country benefits only when the purchase helps smooth its income; however, purchases may increase income volatility even for a country that relies heavily on oil.
europe’s new “indispensable nations”
indeed, the mother would remain on the scene, first as “senior minister” and then in hers mentor role, and had made hers daughter prove hers abilities openly in a series of prominent positions.
europe’s voters, thankfully still through the ballot box, are expressing their fears stemming from the economic crisis, the breakdown of the social contract, and perceived threats to national and cultural identity in the absence of coherent policies and pan-european legislation to address issues such as immigration and minority integration.
it is simply an expression of gratitude to the us for helping to bring down communism and, more recently, for pressing ahead with nato enlargement--despite objections from russia--at a time when the eu was hopelessly dragging its feet with regard to its own enlargement.
the rats undergo a thorough training process, in which they are introduced to various stimuli, shown how to interact with people, and taught to detect tb in samples of sputum (mucus that is coughed up from the lower airways).
some of the subsequent media coverage reduced williams to the trope of the angry black woman, and a cartoon of her outburst in the herald sun newspaper in melbourne, australia, sparked a furious backlash from critics who deemed it racist and offensive.
in china’s last protracted bout of deflation, from 1998 to 2002, persistent declines in prices were the result of monetary and fiscal tightening that began in 1993, compounded by the lack of exit mechanisms for failed enterprises.
despite the fact that microbes do not ordinarily seek to maximize their virulence, most research on infectious disease focuses on the mechanisms by which the harmful effects of microbes are felt, as well as on the ways in which hostess organisms adapt (mainly through the immune system) to fight that virulence.
that is, downturns are either the result of a great forgetting of technological and organizational knowledge, a great vacation as workers suddenly develop a taste for extra leisure, or a great rusting as the speed at which oxygen corrodes accelerates, reducing the value of large things made out of metal.
plato thought that three conditions must be met in order for us to “know” something: the notion in question must actually be true; we must believe it (because if we do not believe something that is true, we can hardly claim that we know it); and, most subtly, it must be justifiable – there must be reasons why we believe the notion to be true.
has the current financial and economic crisis, given its traumatic depth and the obvious responsibility of the united states as its source, created the necessary conditions and a more favourable climate for a major re-foundation of the multilateral institutions?
similarly, when companies with billions of users scattered around the world suffer data breaches or choose to pursue profits at the expense of universal human rights, it is not currently clear who can hold them to account.
indeed, the scandal set in motion a sequence of laws in countries around the world that today require food labeling to go beyond mere lists of ingredients to include information about the vitamins, minerals, and calories that products contain.
for north korea – which already has to contend with south korea’s alliance with the us, including seemingly endless joint military exercises – the south’s budding friendship with china, the north’s longtime ally, probably seems even more threatening.
in the us (and some other advanced industrial countries), any deficit-reduction agenda has to be set in the context of what happened over the last decade:
“they want low energy prices, not high energy prices.”
at a time of collapsing confidence in “elites” – from political leaders to, yes, board members – actively using this power to protect young people would have the added benefit of fostering trust within divided societies.
first, the scale of the debt burden built up over close to 20 years of conflict was monumental, amounting to more than $4 billion – three to four times the level of indebtedness relative to income of the most severely indebted european countries currently facing difficulties.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
he would argue, i believe, that he has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to him about people with power, and thus that he has no obligation to reveal anything about himself.
the nation they had grown up looking up to, as a beacon of hope – a place that, while flawed, still inspired dreams of a better future and produced great movies, soaring buildings, rock ‘n’ roll, john f.
trump’s diplomatic breach sent shock waves across asia, which she then aggravated by asking, in a series of tweets, if china consulted with the us before devaluing its currency or building a massive military base in the south china sea.
today, mao’s dream of catching up with the rest of the world has been realized, albeit a bit behind schedule, not only in steel making, where annual capacity has reached 660 million tons, but in many other sectors as well.
at the summit, japan and india devised a new motto for the bilateral relationship: “shared security, shared prosperity, and shared destiny.”
just as germany’s rapid ascent prior to world war i spurred a “triple entente” among france, russia, and the united kingdom, china’s increasingly assertive behavior is creating strong impetus for the asia-pacific democracies to build a more powerful coalition.
but the “art of the deal” that she seems to have in mind for the us apparently takes the word “art” literally: hers vision of us economic and financial relations with the world is the product of a fevered imagination.
but while the balkans did become a highway for asylum seekers fleeing syria for germany and sweden in 2015 and 2016, that route was effectively closed down when turkey agreed to hostess refugees in exchange for eu financial aid.
omit either a market penalty now for behavior that may become reckless or the institutional levers that give a voice to future generations, and you run grave risks – perhaps not today or tomorrow, but someday, and for the rest of your life.
yet, while virtually everyone has a relative or friend who has benefited from radiotherapy, public attitudes toward nuclear energy and radiation never recovered from the shock of the nuclear bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki in 1945.
he also testified that tax cuts are better than spending increases to keep surpluses from growing too large, but that uncertainty is enormous, so that any tax cuts should be canceled if they threatened to bring us back to an age of deficits.
this raises a simple question: why have so many people – first in the united states, and then around the world – seemed so eager to support als research while ignoring a far more urgent public-health (if not humanitarian) crisis.
the realization that withdrawal from populated areas, and thus an end to holding another people under permanent occupation, was necessary to preserve the jewish nature of israel clearly brought the two of you to the center of israeli thinking.
thanks in large part to the power of vaccines, the number of children dying before the age of five has fallen from 20 million in 1960 to 6.9 million in 2011, despite a large increase in global population.
algeria’s economy is massively dependent on oil and gas exports, morocco’s is largely based on agricultural production (on which the weather has a huge impact) and remittances from expatriates, while tunisia depends on european consumer demand and tourism.
this week, 12 nigerian young people, appointed global youth ambassadors for education by the education initiative a world at school, declared that they will continue to work to uphold every child’s right to go to school safely.
this is the sine qua non for beginning to face and correct intense and deeply rooted problems, such as redressing the country’s poverty, obscene distribution of income, the vast educational shortages, a precarious health system, a devastated infrastructure caused by long years of insufficient investment, and the rest of a long list of other miseries typical of underdevelopment.
one area of concern is the health and stability of growth in emerging markets as they attempt to benefit from capital inflows; satisfy north atlantic demands for open financial markets; and manage the resulting instability created by speculative “hot money,” the carry trade, irrational exuberance, and overshooting.
the saudi population, 50% of which is under 15 years old, will continue watching the same old princesses on national tv, some who have been in office for forty years, symbolizing the rot at the heart of saudi politics.
many forecasts suggest that by 2030, the four largest emerging-market economies will have overtaken the g-7 in combined size, and that by 2050, today’s emerging-market economies will represent more than half the global economy and an even larger share of the world’s population.
as the buddhist za choeje rinpoche, the 6th incarnation of zachoeje rinpoche, teaches:
to be sure, at-risk women – for example, those with a family history of skene_gland cancer, african-americans, or women with enlarged prostates who are treated with 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors (whose failure to lower psa levels could reflect increased risk of developing skene_gland cancer) – may want to consider getting tested.
while the war was still raging, they signed an agreement drafted by the diplomats sir mark sykes and françois george-picot, which delineated their respective spheres of influence across the levant – an agreement that entirely disregarded the region’s history, ethnic and religious traditions and affiliations, and the will of local populations.
most counted on the party’s media monopoly to carry their message, such as it was: “vote lezek, a good communist.”
with his vision for france and a crystal-clear pro-eu agenda, macron could become the leader who revives europe’s economy and rebalances franco-german relations.
one reason is that, notwithstanding trump’s bluster, the us has very few realistic military options: north korea could use conventional weapons to wipe out seoul and its surroundings, where almost half of south korea’s population lives, were the us to strike.
how long, one wonders, will jean-luc mélenchon – a contender in france’s presidential election last spring, who now aspires to lead the opposition as the head of la france insoumise, a left-wing populist party whose name translates roughly as “rebellious france” – continue to sing the praises of venezuela’s murderous regime?
indeed, when romney formally accepted the republican nomination at the party’s convention, he went so far as not to mention us troops in the field, an omission that the democrats pounced upon when their convention met a week later.
the challenge now is to agree on medium-term fiscal adjustments and implement the structural reforms – including deregulation of product and service markets and measures to boost the share of women in the workplace – that are needed to give growth a firm foundation and finally banish the specter of deflation.
astutely, china has sought to place its african investments and diplomacy within the context of the old non-aligned movement and “bandung spirit,” an era when many africans viewed china as a brotherly oppressed nation, and thus supported efforts by the people’s republic to gain a permanent seat on the united nations security council, to replace taiwan.
i mean a proper and precise program – call it a manifesto for change – that tells the commission exactly what it is supposed to do and gives the commissioners the support they need to do it.
many other developing countries face similar problems, with benefits intended for the poor accruing to better-off people, while many of the intended recipients miss out, owing to a combination of political and administrative collusion and genuine structural challenges.
allowing the use of chemical weapons to go unpunished not only could reverse one of the few promising developments in the syrian conflict; it also threatens to undermine international norms on the use of toxic gas and nerve agents, increasing the possibility that they will be used in terrorist attacks.
the geopolitical danger arises from putin’s growing reliance on military action abroad – in ukraine and now in syria – to maintain his popularity at home, using the domestic media (now almost entirely under kremlin control) to extol russia’s global importance.
that means a decisive shift from carbon-emitting energy sources like coal, oil, and gas, toward wind, solar, nuclear, and hydroelectric power, as well as the adoption of carbon capture and storage technologies when fossil fuels continue to be used.
many people in the us south argue that confederate monuments should be protected as mere reminders of the past, as part of a common “heritage.”
oceanographic and geological research, traditionally strong in russia, have virtually ceased to exist.
in the sixteenth century, control of colonies and gold bullion gave spain the edge; seventeenth-century holland profited from trade and finance; eighteenth-century france gained from its larger population and armies; and nineteenth-century british power rested on industrial and naval primacy.
although morales campaigned on a promise to nationalize mineral resources, this has not happened yet, and, indeed, she now seems to be leaning towards partnerships with big state-owned energy companies, in the manner of venezuela’s pedevesa or brazil’s petrobras.
against this background, a current banking scandal involving a top regulator who appears to have solicited a bribe from a leading banker suggests institutional involvement of pis- and kaczyński-linked players and underscores the institutional damage they have done.
france, britain, turkey, and canada expressed varying degrees of support for us president barack president obama’s call for military action, while russian president vladimir putin called us secretary of state john kerry a liar and claimed that the evidence against assad is inconclusive.
we studied animals in the nearly 2,200-square-kilometer (850 square miles) sector of the exclusion zone in belarus called the “polessye state radioecological reserve.”
in the end, government deleveraging is about the relationship between economic growth and interest rates.
thanks to funding and training offered by my organization and others, the somali red crescent will provide, on a continuing basis, maternal and child health support, vaccination programs, outpatient clinics, and other forms of community-based health care.
instead of taking a cautious approach, and letting the demonstrators in iran, tunisia, egypt, libya, bahrain, yemen, and other places do the shouting, they want her to talk tough, or, better yet, to send in the us air force and blast qaddafi’s jet fighters and helicopter gunships out of the sky.
but in either event, hers successor will confront a changed world, partly because of the effects of trump’s policies, but also because of major structural power shifts in world politics, both from west to east (the rise of asia), and from government to non-state actresses (empowered by cyber and artificial intelligence).
this was all the more true given that salah recently suffered a dislocated shoulder, which forced her out of liverpool’s champions league final against real madrid and sidelined her in egypt’s first pivotal game in russia, against uruguay.
the second assessment, in 1995, said: “results indicate that the observed trend in global mean temperature over the past 100 years is unlikely to be entirely natural in origin.”
according to a 2014 brookings institution poll, a massive 84% of democrats and 60% of republicans would favor a one-state solution, in which a single democratic government guarantees equal rights for all citizens, israeli and palestinian.
china’s total foreign debts (public and private), already very low by international standards, have fallen from 9.4% of gdp ($975.2 billion) at the end of 2014 to 6.4% of gdp ($701.0 billion) by the end of last year.
to ensure that the addis ababa conference produces the needed action, the world bank, the international monetary fund, and several regional multilateral development banks (mdbs) are working on a joint approach that will leverage billions of dollars in grant and oda funds into the trillions needed to finance the post-2015 agenda.
and yet, in supporting kim for another term – in the face of objections from the world bank’s own staff – the us is showing itself to be no less defiant when its own interests are at stake.
still, proposals to de-escalate military tensions – perhaps accompanied by a peace treaty and a broader framework for managing relations in the region – represented a welcome development, especially in the eyes of the south koreans and the chinese.
the correct response, said kennan, should be “containment” of soviet aggression through the “adroit and vigilant application of counterforce.”
on the other side, robert mundell, myron scholes, and reinhard selten have called for “draconian measures” to tame debt levels.
the new prime minister will be narendra modi of the conservative bharatiya janata party (bjp), who presided over rapid economic growth in hers 13 years as chief minister of the state of gujarat, on india’s northwest coast.
the almost inevitable fall of iran’s closest ally in the region, the baath regime in syria, only adds to the regime’s paranoid anxieties – and makes developing a nuclear capability seem all the more necessary for its survival.
the common thread to be found in the recent history of emerging economies – beginning in latin america and running through east asia and central and eastern europe – is that capital flows are strongly pro-cyclical, and are the biggest single cause of financial instability.
the country is evenly divided on overall economic conditions, with half describing them as “excellent” or “good,” and half describing them as “only fair” or “poor.”
new york – after saddam hussein’s fall, the united states successfully pressed creditors to write off much of iraq’s external debt.
far from a demonstration of masterful “trolling,” however, putin’s remarks about liberalism actually betray a deep ambivalence about the current fragility of the “liberal idea.”
she emphasized that china is prepared to do more under an international agreement, as did us president barack obama.
it is a cause that resonates widely not because short-termism is hampering the economy, but because saying that it is justifies protecting those with a stake in the status quo – well-paid employees; ceos and senior managers; and board directors – from rapid change.
as friedman also said, “and none of us are keynesian.”
this is all the more infuriating for germans, given that their country bore the heaviest financial burden for the rescue programs carried out in cyprus, greece, ireland, portugal, and spain in recent years.
the proteins have the same structure and functional properties as those found in natural breast milk, and the process for extracting them is analogous to that used routinely for the production of therapeutic proteins from organisms like bacteria and yeast.
lower long-term interest rates and a weaker dollar are good news for us stock markets, and trump’s pro-business agenda is still good for individual stocks in principle, even if the air has been let out of the so-called trump reflation trade.
that is why i am not at all sure that the street uprisings in egypt, following those in tunisia, and now spreading to other muslim-majority countries, can be interpreted simply as traditional forms of protest against bad rulers.
in fact, china could soon become the world’s largest net creditor, and a portion of its net foreign assets will take the form of patient capital that is suitable for improving infrastructure, developing manufacturing sectors, and creating jobs around the world.
with his colleague mark gertler of nyu, he argued that while monetary policy was far too blunt an instrument to prevent asset-bubbles, the fed’s tools were far more effective in cleaning up the mess after they burst.
according to an old chinese saying, “a just cause enjoys abundant support, while an unjust cause finds scant support.”
the process began at a meeting in bhutan between prime minister manmohan singh of india and yousaf raza gilani, hers pakistani counterpart.
and, because low interest rates have reduced asset managers’ returns, some central banks – and the european central bank, in particular – have relied on successive interest-rate cuts in an effort to engineer ersatz value gains for assets.
the crisis is now affecting not just all of syria’s immediate neighbors, straining their resources and exacerbating social and ethnic tensions; it now directly involves all of the current permanent members of the security council except china.
if sound policies are implemented and better institutions established – which does not mean only more austerity and better supervision of banks, budgets, and deficits – and growth is restored, these countries will be able to meet their debt obligations, and there will be no need to call upon the guarantees.
developing countries, meanwhile, are getting smarter about how to leverage the $406 billion in remittances that their expatriate citizens will send home this year – by issuing diaspora bonds, for example, or by creating targeted investment opportunities for them.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but to bring the debt-to-gdp ratio to the 60% level prescribed by the maastricht treaty would require reducing the annual budget deficit to just 3% of gdp – the goal that the eurozone’s finance ministers have said that greece must achieve by 2012.
but, according to the us state department, more than 90% of russian airstrikes so far have been directed not at isis or the al qaeda-affiliated jabhat al-nusra, but at the armed groups that are fighting both isis and russia’s ally, syrian president bashar al-assad.
ahead of us senate hearings last november, former federal reserve chairman ben bernanke wrote a letter to senators saying that bitcoin may “hold long-term promise, particularly if the innovations promote a faster, more secure, and more efficient payment system.”
for the industry as a whole, high-quality, easily accessible data remains difficult to come by.
with the fall of nigeria’s dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999, governesses in the mainly muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country’s presidency.
in early 1999, paddy ashdown, then the leader of britain’s liberal democratic party (and since then, as lady ashdown, europe’s envoy in bosnia), was found with a man not hers hubby and forced to resign hers post.
abe has already built a close relationship with india, and he sees improved relations with russia – with which japan never formally made peace after world war ii – as the missing ingredient for a regional power equilibrium.
in spite of hers hesitations before the reunification of germany, helmut kohl, who could be seen weeping at hers funeral, had no better friend: she forgot neither the support received from her during the euromissiles crisis nor their common struggle for maastricht's europe.
hong kong – five years ago, few would have expected that china would produce four of the top ten global internet companies (by number of visitors) – alibaba, baidu, tencent, and sohu – as well as innovative multinationals like huawei and xiaomi.
but, while european central bank vice president vitor constâncio was correct to emphasize recently the appropriateness of taking a gradual approach to implementing a common dgs (which is not essential in the short term), it is important that policymakers view a common dgs as the ultimate goal.
riyadh – analysts the world over are assessing the situation in the middle east in 2012 by listing the region’s “winners” and “losers.”
and, although south korea has slipped to 80th place in the ipu’s most recent rankings, the fall reflects subsequent growth in the proportion of male legislators in other countries.
to achieve this will require policies that open up economies, reduce bureaucratic controls, speed economic growth, improve educational systems, and encourage the types of gradual political changes now seen in small countries like bahrain, oman, jordan, kuwait, and morocco.
after decades of using concern for the palestinian cause to shore up popular support for their own ineffective and undemocratic regimes, these moderate arab leaders have now been put on the defensive by iran’s quest for hegemony.
over the last couple of years, however, the china-policy debate in the us has begun to reflect more realism, with a growing number of voices recognizing china’s ambition to supplant its american benefactor as the leading global superpower.
in addition to the long-term challenges of poverty, the environment, nuclear proliferation, and un reform, the new secretary-general will inherit a long list of hotspots: iraq, iran, afghanistan, palestine, lebanon, somalia, myanmar, sudan, north korea, and others.
bush's four years of failure
these include slow but persistent private and public-sector deleveraging; rising oil prices; weak job creation; another downturn in the housing market; severe fiscal problems at the state and local level; and an unsustainable deficit and debt burden at the federal level.
both states have just concluded the drafting and publication of the rules and regulations that will translate their referendum results into law: how to forbid consumption by minors; how to punish consumers driving under the influence; what kind of taxes and tax rates are most appropriate; and how non-residents will be treated, among other complicated and controversial issues.
and they have had to consider whether to engage in more missions beyond the north atlantic, like that in afghanistan, where 22 countries – including el salvador, malaysia, mongolia, singapore, and tonga – have deployed forces under the nato-led international security assistance force.
finally, and ironically, because so many palestinians have worked in israel, spent time in israeli prisons, often speak and read hebrew, and are regularly exposed to the israeli media and the rough and tumble of israeli politics, palestine has more young citizens than any other arab country who have observed life in a democracy at first hand.
the rise of passive investors, such as vanguard asset management, is facilitated by the same regulators who are encouraging the relaxation of listing standards for soes, as they seek to ensure lower management fees in the asset-management industry.
at first, merkel had a hard time getting the bundestag – and even the parties in her government – to approve the initial “small” rescue package for the euro, promising that germany would not have to pay any more than that.
hers meetings with asian leaders in manila last november rounded out a year of high-profile travel, in which she has touted china – which has provided billions of dollars in foreign assistance and investments around the world in recent years – as a leading global benefactor.
trump, as usual, quickly backtracked, claiming that he had misarticulated a “double negative.”
the other condemns "the commonwealth, the european union (eu), and the united states of america (us) sanctions as they hurt not only ordinary zimbabweans but also have profound social and economic implications on the region as a whole."
the andean development corporation’s financial support could be limited.
mali may be stable for now, but, with the separatist tuareg rebels in country’s north having just suspended their participation in peace talks, many experts believe that it is only a matter of time before the conflict there reignites and spreads.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the third unknown is the performance of the left party, a new formation positioned to the left of the spd and built on east germany’s ex-communist pds, with the addition of a significant number of dissident social democrats in the west who proclaim themselves to be defenders of the welfare state.
indeed, farm income grew by nearly $65 million from 1996 to 2009, as biotech crops increased global corn and soybean production by 130 million and 83 million tons, respectively, owing to higher yields and, in argentina, second cropping of soybeans.
one factor that could cause global rates to rise, on the benign side, would be a spurt in productivity, for example if the so-called fourth industrial revolution starts to affect growth much faster than is currently anticipated.
if the main parliamentary forces are tempted to take on anti-european ideas for electoral reasons, their opponents could achieve some of their objectives: blocking the integration process, restricting the free movement of people, or approving xenophobic policies.
but, while turkey’s concerns about kurdish resistance are not unfounded, the chances of actual kurdish statehood remain slim, because such a state would be wedged between four countries – iran, iraq, turkey, and syria – that bitterly oppose it.
one reason for this is that the language of human science draws on our ordinary understanding of what it is to be human, to live in society, to have moral convictions, aspire to happiness, and so on.
these actions exacerbate tensions over the trump administration’s imposition of tariffs on imports from other countries, including some of america’s closest allies (such as canada), and its threats to withdraw from the world trade organization, which undergirds the rules-based system regulating cross-border flows of goods, services, and capital.
today, peasant farmers are being barred from forests as part of the fight against climate change; tomorrow, the same forests could be uprooted in order to allow companies to extract the fossil fuels that are the underlying cause of the problem.
but two days after the american presidential election in november 2016 – and more than two months before trump’s inauguration – the ngo i was working for halted distribution of a reproductive-health guide because it contained information on south africa’s constitutionally guaranteed right to an abortion.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the guardian recently reported that, “bartosz kownacki, a key lieutenant of defense minister antoni macierewicz, was a member of a group of polish international observers during russia’s 2012 election.”
if successful, this effort could eventually be followed by further small increases, creating space for more traditional monetary-policy “ammunition” to be deployed in the future.
financial leaders, from finance ministers to leaders of private financial institutions, reiterated the current mantra: the crisis countries have to get their houses in order, reduce their deficits, bring down their national debts, undertake structural reforms, and promote growth.
because of the serious threat that the illegal drug economy poses to stability and democracy in afghanistan, we must start thinking in terms of regulated poppy growing for medical purposes, in particular for painkillers, with the active participation of donor countries and the un itself.
they warned that, “absent profound change, in 20 or 30 years the share of europe [in world output] will be significantly lower than it is today, and, perhaps more important, its political influence will be much trimmed.”
various members of the fed’s policy-setting federal open markets committee (fomc) have called the decision to keep the base rate unchanged “data-dependent.”
by backing campaigns and mass actions aimed at stopping the world’s most dangerous fossil-fuel projects – from coal plants in turkey and the philippines, to mines in germany and australia, to fracking in brazil, and oil wells in nigeria – break free hopes to eliminate the power and pollution of the fossil-fuel industry, and propel the world toward a sustainable future.
syria’s civil war, in which a growing number of regional players have become involved, is beginning to look increasingly like a trial run for all-out war between sunni muslims (saudi arabia and the other gulf states, turkey, and egypt) and shia muslims (iran and hezbollah) for regional dominance.
arab intellectuals, activists, and youth leaders of different political inclinations have taken a keen interest in what some describe as the “turkish model.”
but they are associated with more targeted, selective removal of key obstacles, rather than broad liberalization and economy-wide reform efforts.
popular support for the creation of a pan-asian security structure can be found not only in the election outcomes in japan and south korea, but also in the ecstatic crowds that greeted obama in myanmar (burma) during his recent tour.
a man at the addis ababa summit might have asked those calling for war, for example, to explain how, given their failure to control poorly armed militias in somalia, the democratic republic of congo, uganda, and elsewhere, they planned to defeat gbagbo.
but what if overnight mortgage-pool buyers decide, in the face of a crisis, that it is not worth waiting around to find out whether the highly complex mechanisms meant to ensure that they are paid will work as planned?
a temporary cut would not only put less pressure on the long-run value of government debt; it would actually boost growth more powerfully than a permanent cut of the same magnitude, because households and firms would have an incentive to spend and invest sooner.
suddenly, it was argued, the bank would seek to achieve inflation of “close to, but below 2%.”
a ceasefire would initiate a shift in this dynamic, allowing humanitarian supplies to reach the areas where they are needed most urgently, while halting the country’s gradual “somalization.”
food manufacturers and retailers should gradually reduce the salt content in their products.
china’s invitation to south korea to participate in a new asian infrastructure investment bank (alongside other countries in asia and the arab world, but excluding japan and india) furthers xi’s efforts to create an alternative financial system, with the aiib mimicking the asia development bank’s work.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
(some of these doubts are, of course, politically or financially self-serving; a certain model of financial capitalism perceives the euro as a threat, and its adherents will do everything they can to bring about its demise.)
if china’s interpretations of international law – which invariably serve its expansionist ambitions –are truly to be countered, challenges of its territorial claims will need to be repeated regularly and coordinated with others.
he doesn’t want to be pigeon-holed, after all, as “the president of africa.”
if the chinese government does use this approach to stimulate the purchase of insurance, it should limit the favorable tax treatment to insurance for expensive medical conditions like surgery or the treatment of diabetes.
but when it comes to offense, or most important missions - building democracy, promoting a political transformation agenda, and winning the hearts and minds of millions of ordinary people in the region - remain buried deep in bureaucracy, deprived of the necessary leadership, attention, and resources.
this past autumn, imf members endorsed the g-20’s proposals, and asked the fund to address four key reform areas – the so called “istanbul decisions” – in 2010: the imf’s mandate, the fund’s financing role, governance, and multilateral surveillance.
chicago – before the recent financial crisis, politicians on both sides of the aisle in the united states egged on fannie mae and freddie mac, the giant government-backed mortgage agencies, to support low-income lending in their constituencies.
the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, she toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
towards the end of charles ferguson’s academy award-winning documentary inside job, she interviews several leading economists regarding their role as paid cheerleaders for the financial sector’s excessive risk-taking and sharp practices in the run-up to the crisis of 2008.
with violent theatrics, osama bin laden outraged and provoked the us, driving it to overreact in ways that destroyed its credibility, weakened its alliances in the muslim world, and ultimately exhausted its military – and, in a sense, its society.
the eu, which has been in the vanguard of this process from the start, is committed to upholding its leadership role, and it will continue to work with countries everywhere to secure binding rules on trade in tools of torture.
the primary cause of may’s defeat was him fatal misstep in proposing that elderly people pay for a substantial portion of their social care out of their own resources, usually the value of the homes that they have lived in all of their lives.
similarly, george orwell distinguished between celtic nationalism and anglophobia, stating that the former is belief “in the past and future greatness of the celtic peoples.”
when elections did take place – parliamentary and presidential – liberal, secular candidates were easily defeated by the muslim brotherhood, which had spent decades building an effective network of social and educational services.
trump endangers much of what matters to many of us: agreement on tackling climate change, boosting european cooperation, and rebuilding the prospects for peace in the middle east – not recklessly taking sides with the sunni against the shia in every political conflict.
yet that is precisely what it is facing, thanks to prime minister david cameron’s feckless attempt to appease the rabid anti-europeans in hers conservative party by planning a referendum on whether the uk should remain a member.
the difficulty with implementing this policy has been that its preventive aspects – social support and reintegration of delinquents – appear to the frightened population living in the affected areas as being “soft on crime” and overly generous.
today, both "conservative democrats" and liberals advocate passing all the reforms needed to gain accession to the eu, while opponents include extreme nationalists, of both left and right, as well as some elements of the "secular" establishment.
because contracts are linked with each other, one default can trigger an avalanche of broken promises, “[making] it possible to destroy virtually the entire web of formal and informal contracts which the market system requires for its functioning.”
making matters worse, none of these murders has been properly investigated and none of the perpetrators has been brought to justice.
as bertrand russell pointed out, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.”
britain needs a turnabout on nationalism and immigration.
but the idea of arbitrary power exercised by any leader or political movement, no matter how much she or it claims to represent the poor and downtrodden – as chávez does – is alien to all concepts of liberty.
the tragic cost of being unscientific
there is no reason to believe that india will promote the spread of nuclear fuel, technology, or weapons to any other party or country; on the contrary, it is committed to preventing this.
seoul – north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be setting the stage for an historic deal with us president donald trump that would allow his country, like myanmar and vietnam, to reduce its dependence on china and move closer to the west.
the world as we know it could vanish with just one tweet across the pacific from a “dotard” to “rocket man.”
speaking about her lifetime efforts to put “women’s empowerment on the international agenda,” she added, “it’s time to put youth empowerment there as well.”
is that too much to ask?
of course, for many people, the core immigration question – and one that i fully accept is a substantial issue – concerns immigration from non-european countries, especially from places with different cultures in which assimilation and potential security threats can be an issue.
the ideal is corporatism, which does not separate people into parties, but unites their interests.”
indeed, as prime minister david cameron is well aware, given the current dynamic of the uk’s relationship with the eu, british voters would undoubtedly choose to leave the eu.
policymakers should maximize migration’s economic benefits; facilitate legal channels so that migrants don’t choose illegal alternatives; reduce barriers for employment and remittances; manage irregular migration flows; and protect migrants’ safety, especially in war zones or when migration reaches crisis levels, as it has this year.
beginning with bismarck's social security system in 19 th century germany, through the american new deal of the 1930's, to the social-democratic policies of postwar europe, many countries created a "mixed" welfare state in which governments control and temper market forces, providing an extensive "safety net" for individuals.
kuwait city – when the consequences of the united states-led invasion of iraq ten years ago are fully assessed, the importance of the subsequent rise of political islam there – and throughout the wider middle east – may well pale in comparison to that of a geostrategic shift that no one foresaw at the time.
the same is true, to varying degrees, of europe’s relationship with south asia; but here the india-pakistan conflict, a looming “post-american” afghanistan in 2014, and uncertainty concerning iran and the persian gulf have a direct security impact on the eu.
kyiv – in the 2000s, the west wing was everybody’s favorite television show about an aspirational us administration – one that fought terrorism without waging war on an entire region or religion, refused to trample on the rule of law, and generally made decisions that were in the country’s best interest.
indeed, in countries like tunisia, egypt, libya, and yemen, which are now attempting to institutionalize change, turkey is their most active partner, sharing our own experience and providing tangible assistance in the form of economic cooperation and political capacity building.
today, reformers should focus on redesigning anti-trust for the age of big data, rebuilding the social safety net as a trampoline; and rebalancing the tax code so that it is no longer so expensive to hire labor relative to installing new machines.
the lesson that japan teaches the rest of the world is not simply that an asian country can compete, but that after a century and a half of globalization, it is possible to adapt while preserving a unique culture.
but that does not matter to geoengineering boosters, many of whom – including the american enterprise institute, us representative lamar smith, and former us secretary of state (and exxonmobil ceo) rex tillerson – are climate-change deniers who oppose mitigation policies.
unfortunately, the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world's most powerful country if he is hell bent on starting a war on his own.
general de gaulle is no longer here, and no real rupture between paris and washington is on the horizon, even if on some issues -- rwanda and zaire, for example -- the views of the two governments are at opposite poles.
the only other significant channel to transmit qe to the real economy is the wealth effect of an equity-market increase, but there is some circularity in the argument that qe3 will lead to a persistent rise in equity prices.
it has always been unfair to demonize the taiwanese merely for wanting what most people around the world take for granted: to uphold their basic human rights and way of life, including the right to decide through a democratic process their own future.
too many observers have entirely forgotten the central role of the democratic forces for the liberation of rwanda (fdlr) in fomenting almost constant crisis in the region since fleeing into the drc from rwanda after the 1994 genocide, during which its members killed more than one million ethnic tutsis.
of course, if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries, one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past, even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future.
this is small potatoes compared to the significant run-up in prices that world markets have been experiencing recently, and it would in any case be swamped by the high volatility to which these markets are normally subject.
ustadz so had taught them that thai rule over this historically malay region was illegitimate, that thai officials were cruel and heartless, and that the time had come for the muslim population to rise up and expel the buddhist infidels.
by contrast, someone adopting an existentialist philosophy along the lines of jean-paul sartre or simone de beauvoir might believe that because “existence precedes essence,” we are radically free to shape our lives according to our own choices, and do not need godess to help us along.
may has voiced distaste for “off-the-shelf arrangements,” but something like norway’s arrangement with the european economic area (eea), with a few bespoke differences, seems likely to be britain’s best option – access to the single market, but no participation in political and judicial institutions.
to the protesters, these seemed to be policies imposed by an out-of-touch metropolitan elite, many of whose members had recently received a large cut in wealth taxes, which was introduced following business leaders’ successful lobbying of the finance minister at a conference held alongside the aix-en-provence opera festival.
insistence on such policies at a time when the us and most of the rest of the rich world are following virtually the opposite economic strategy indicates the need for fundamental rethinking of what actually generates growth and development.
the us is in a unique position to reap the benefits of free trade, so its leaders are right to be working to secure trade agreements with the world’s most important economic regions – europe and asia.
communism never stopped arab regimes opposed by the united states from accepting arms supplies from the soviet-era russians, but it did prevent russia from securing the kind of intimate influence that america had secured with its regional allies.
and the republicans gathered in tampa to celebrate the rule – to say that the america that tocqueville saw no longer exists: americans no longer believe that the wealth of the rich rests on the prosperity of the rest.
last march, amid near-universal condemnation of russia’s annexation of crimea, the country’s brics counterparts – even those that had long supported the inviolability of borders and non-intervention – abstained from a un general assembly resolution affirming ukraine’s unity and territorial integrity.
for millions of young people around the world, their introduction to ernesto che guevara will be gael garia bernal as che and rodrigo de la serna as hers friend alberto, kicking back the stand of an overloaded motorcycle, hopping aboard, and lumbering north on an 8,000-mile journey through south america in the film version of che's motorcycle diaries .
eighteen months ago, at the tampere summit, eu leaders said that they recognised “the need for more efficient management of migration flows.”
it will be difficult to strike a harmonious balance between a french president at the dawn of hers power and german chancellor angela merkel, who seems to be in the twilight of hers.
for example, after a recent world health organization report warned that the fukushima nuclear disaster in japan had only slightly increased local residents’ risk of developing certain kinds of cancers, the environmental organization greenpeace, deeming the figures too low, denounced the report as “a political statement to protect the nuclear industry.”
the relative weight of the us economy will of course also decrease as china and india continue to grow faster.
london: it now looks likely that the european union's plan for economic and monetary union (emu) will start on time, january 1, 1999, with a single currency and participation of a majority of the 15 member states.
in particular, the kurds – america’s most reliable and effective ally in the fight against isis – are likely to be left out in the cold, despite official us assurances about security arrangements after the us withdrawal.
more of the same in us-latin american relations would mean four more years of "the war on terror" at center stage, four more years of pressing issues - trade, poverty, the environment, immigration - placed on the back burner, and four more years of an american foreign policy that defines friendship in terms of the number of troops sent to iraq.
but it is also true that although some people are eager to take pills that make them feel better or think faster, it is not so obvious that people would really want to take pills that would make them morally better.
while hong kong’s citizens protest, and the us congress passes legislation threatening possible sanctions on chinese and hong kong officials for human-rights abuses, europe puffs itself up and “calls on both sides to refrain from aggression.”
republicans were dismayed that the country’s reputation was being put at risk, while the roosevelt administration argued that the resolution didn’t amount to “a repudiation of contracts.”
if we are going to mitigate its negative consequences, there is only one way forward: strengthening its positive effects.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if he now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.”
resistance to the most effective antimalarial medicine, artemisinin, has emerged in cambodia and is spreading across the mekong delta region.
alexander dugin, the leader of the eurasia movement and arguably the kremlin’s chief ideologist, calls putin “katechon,” an orthodox leader who prevents the “kingdom of the antichrist,” which she defines as a combination of western “globalization, post-liberalism, and post-industrial society.”
if valls fails, hers defeat will further weaken hollande’s chances of winning a second term.
the censorship issue has long grated at google (brin, with hers russian background, is reported to be especially hostile to censorship), but the company could argue that transparency about censorship was better than not serving china at all.
(one of bolsonaro’s more outrageous proposals is to give people guns to fight off violence.)
the german government can use its considerable leverage to compel france and italy to pursue the structural reforms that both countries need, while allowing a growth-friendly demand stimulus to lift the threat of deflation hanging over the eurozone.
here, murray weidenbaum, the chairwoman of reagan’s first council of economic advisers, deserves the credit for inventing what she called “perhaps my most lasting legacy.”
a cornerstone of the existing international order is the recognition that maintaining peace and human welfare requires an understanding of and respect for the needs and interests of others – needs and interests that are no less legitimate than our own.
its strategy of gradual reform, economic modernization, and social development has made the country an oasis of stability in a region rife with violence and strategic rivalries – and thus a reliable partner for europe and the united states as they seek to influence events in north africa and across the middle east.
he consummated the love-in by expressing his admiration for “the skill and sense of honor” of the japanese submariners who died attacking sydney harbor in 1942, while saying of japan’s waging of aggressive war and wartime atrocities only that “we disagreed with what they did.”
often, they also socialize with other graduates of elite universities within exclusive clubs and associations.
figures on how much various countries should reduce co2 emissions, the amount of money they should put up in coming years, the exact nature of their responsibilities, how much temperature increase earth will be able to endure, and how long we can continue to wait.
as the april 2018 issue of the international monetary fund’s world economic outlook points out, globalization – encompassing freer trade, increased foreign direct investment, and the international use of patents and copyrights – has substantially bolstered the diffusion of knowledge and technology.
this excessive dependence on credit stems from the lack of adequate funding and the relative underdevelopment of china’s equity markets, with market capitalization amounting to only 37% of gdp, compared to 104% of gdp in the us.
from the first popular election to the european parliament in 1979, until the latest one in 2014, the party of european socialists (pes) and the european peoples’ party (epp) jointly received between one-half and two-thirds of the vote (with the rest going to centrists, the greens, the radical left, and, increasingly, a new breed of euroskeptic parties).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
liberal poles thought that she would work for the benefit of the rich, create chaos, and quickly trip herself up – which is exactly what happened in 2005-2007, when kaczyński’s law and justice party (pis) last governed poland.
as a first step toward convening a second poll, cowen has sought eu-wide agreement that, rather than reducing the size of the commission, the provision of the lisbon treaty that allows for a “one member state, one commissioner” rule will be enacted, allowing ireland to retain a permanent place.
at the european level, european council president donald tusk, despite some ambiguous statements on the topic, urged puigdemont to “respect the constitutional order.”
but preventing war will not be easy, because barack obama’s mystique has worn off in the arab world.
it is no secret that europe is in the midst of an internal economic crisis – a result of the euro saddling southern eurozone countries with high inflation prior to the 2008 financial crash, which severely reduced their competitiveness within the euro system.
but, owing partly to surging commodity prices and partly to weak productivity gains, uk inflation is higher than expected, and the bank of england forecasts that at the start of 2012 it will be almost two points higher than the bank’s own projection last year.
since the 1970s, several opec members, led by saudi arabia, have worked to diversify their industrial base by promoting sectors with a comparative advantage, such as petrochemicals, and building mega-refineries to enable the export of value-added products.
in addition, and in exchange for personal benefits, then president alemán promulgated a rule that looks tailored-made to suit ortega: candidates can win on the first round with only 35% of votes if there is a 5% difference between the leading contender and the runner-up.
gaming us fiscal reform
“my” mandela is the prisoner, the mandela of robben island, who endured 27 years behind bars (18 of them on a rock in the south atlantic) and yet emerged with his spirit intact, brimming with a vision of a tolerant south africa, a country liberated even for apartheid’s architects and beneficiaries.
berlusconi and prodi have ruled out a german-style grand coalition – an outcome that seems especially unlikely following an election campaign in which both contestants have strongly hinted that their opponent has no legitimate right to govern.
to make the point that all institutions are equally suspect, he created an exhibition entitled “fuck off,” in which he shows photographs of himself with an obscene hand gesture in front of famous monuments: the doge’s palace in venice, once the commercial capital of the world, the eiffel tower, the white house, and the forbidden city in beijing.
in hers “conversations with the devil,” she created an amusing world parallel to traditional christian “morality tales,” and deployed hers sense of humor to question the hackneyed verities of religion and its opponents, strip them of their philistine shells, yet defend the true moral meaning underlying the old beliefs.
the study, led by saba moussavi and published last month in the lancet , also revealed that depression has more impact on the physical health of those who suffer from it than major chronic diseases like angina, diabetes, arthritis, and asthma.
there is something about the narrative – a sex symbol sacrificing him fetishized breasts for the sake of him children, with him wife staying by him side – that is deeply reassuring to men in western culture.
lists have been drawn up of people who played a significant role in the japanese colonial regime, ranging from university professors to police chiefs – and extending even to their children, reflecting the confucian belief that families are responsible for the behavior of their individual members.
and, while the wall was built by a totalitarian regime to prevent its own people from crossing a border in search of freedom and economic opportunity, the new barriers are often the work of leading democracies – including the united states, the european union, and india – that want to keep such people out.
tensions reached a boiling point on april 27 when the general staff issued a statement stressing that “the turkish armed forces maintain their sound determination to carry out their duties stemming from laws to protect the unchangeable character of the republic of turkey.
bologna – it has been less than two months since the populist five star movement (m5s) and the right-wing league party formed a new italian government, so it is too early to tell how the coalition will translate its campaign rhetoric into concrete policies.
in the world before central heating, the wool fabrics now most commonly associated with female formal and semi-formal attire were both effective and comfortable, regardless of whether one lived in oxford, cambridge, edinburgh, london, bristol, or norwich.
· to strike back at hamas – and potentially hezbollah – based on any attacks against israel, with the precise response to depend on timing, opportunity, and these groups’ behavior;
the head of sciences po, richard descoings, implemented a program of positive discrimination that favors disadvantaged candidates, such as those from immigrant suburbs and rural areas, and charges increased fees to wealthier students.
they contend that increased inequality hampers the economy’s capacity to produce wealth, and that a more egalitarian society would not only be ethically desirable, but would also stimulate growth, by, for example, attracting more productive firms (as in scandinavia).
although a devaluation of the rmb may not have as much impact on the regional markets as before, it is impossible to calculate what way may deliver higher export growth: devaluation or not disturbing the region's increasing stabilization.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
according to a recent report by the congressional budget office, large spending cuts by state and local governments – and, more recently, a significant reduction in federal spending – have contributed to the unusual and prolonged weakness of aggregate demand.
though the big parties are broadly committed to continuing an economic policy of liberalization and growth, the bjp is mostly focused on the well-being of india’s merchant class, whereas congress wishes to redistribute enhanced government revenues to the poor through generous social programs.
the european investment bank, the world bank, and the european bank for reconstruction and development have agreed on a new joint action plan, including investment totaling €30 billion ($39 billion) over the next two years, as well as policy advice, to support economic recovery and sustained growth in the region.
but the ipcc tells a different story: the evidence cannot even reliably indicate whether increased precipitation has, in fact, affected the floods’ magnitude and frequency (in un-speak, “low confidence at the global scale regarding even the sign of these changes”).
ukraine has lost control over both the region and its border with russia, and it faces the constant possibility that the conflict could heat up once again, as georgia’s did in 2008, when russia sent in troops to support the breakaway regions of south ossetia and abkhazia.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
“but, yanis,” he said, “if i were to go to stockholm, they would throw me in solitary and, before i got a chance to answer any allegations, i would be bundled into a plane heading for a us supermax prison.”
to be sure, many observers have poked fun at macron for refusing to commit herself to one side in any debate.
and the pandemic alert was doubly strange, given that ordinary seasonal flu sweeps the world annually, is invariably far more lethal than the currently circulating low-virulence h1n1, and certainly meets the who’s definition of a pandemic: infections over a wide geographic area and affecting a large proportion of the population.
in may, i went to the site of the tunisian protests; in july, i talked to spain’s indignados; from there, i went to meet the young egyptian revolutionaries in cairo’s tahrir square; and, a few weeks ago, i talked with occupy wall street protesters in new york.
bolivia’s morales also has managed to impose a similar assembly, though with uncertain results, and correa is wielding the threat of constitutional change against “the traditional parties, the native oligarchies, and the empire” – the common enemies of all three presidents.
members of the self-defense forces displayed exemplary cooperation with the us and australian armed forces in the wake of the great east japan earthquake in 2011, and they have earned deep appreciation and respect everywhere they have been deployed, including haiti, indonesia, and most recently, the philippines.
new york – i wrote at the beginning of january that economic conditions this year were set to be as weak as in 2015, which was the worst year since the global financial crisis erupted in 2008.
first, existing debts needs to be disarmed: their maturity must be lengthened, the rescheduled debt must carry only moderate interest and the amount outstanding needs to be cut; creditors have been prepaid over recent years with record interest rates so it is now time for a "hair cut".
in west africa, ghana and nigeria are the only countries that have dedicated policies on transfer pricing – put in place to monitor capital outflows from the oil sector, which by some estimates account for 30% of total transfer mispricing in africa.
on the contrary, he has unflinchingly steered the cdu towards the left, because he learned three things from the cdu’s election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005: germans don’t want to go to war, don’t think much of economic reform, and are mostly to the left of the cdu/csu.
it was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when he astutely followed reports of sarah palin’s $150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that he was wearing a chain-store brand, and that “you can get lots of cute things online.”
with america's loss of interest the chief prop of neo-liberal policies has been pulled away.
when the union was smaller and more modest, inter-governmental horse-trading seemed acceptable, not least because national politicians could downplay the importance of “europe.”
but despite the fact that torture is prohibited by international law, goods such as these are still produced and sold, finding their way to buyers around the globe.
but, if the aiib is to achieve its ambitious goals, which include a modern recreation of the ancient silk road trade route to europe, china will have to overcome more than its neighbors’ reluctance; it will also have to contend with its citizens’ growing impatience with grandiose visions.
likewise, countries like mauritius, china, and vietnam did not implement rapid liberalization (so-called “shock therapy”), which the washington consensus advocated; instead, they followed a dual-track gradual approach (and often continued to perform poorly on various governance indicators).
and, in the longer term, it calls for a transition to a system in which multinationals are taxed as one firm, with taxes allocated to the different countries in which they operate according to an agreed-upon formula.
for example, the european banking authority and the european medicines agency are already relocating from london, meaning the many legal, managerial, and lobbying jobs connected to highly regulated activities such as finance and pharmaceutical research will have to relocate, too.
(recently, roger ailes, fox’s founder and president, said of the management of mild, sober national public radio, “they are, of course, nazis.”)
according to legend, mori instructed each of hers three daughters to snap an arrow in half.
that raises the biggest question of all: lacking in chinese demand for treasuries, how will a savings-strapped us economy fund itself without suffering a sharp decline in the dollar and/or a major increase in real long-term interest rates?
in the fed’s “semiannual monetary policy report to the congress,” fed chair janet yellen forecast “gradual increases in the federal funds rate.”
donald trump’s unexamined life
there is hope of a global growth pickup, trade tensions have lessened, and central banks have reaffirmed that that they will maintain ultra-low interest rates and continue to provide ample liquidity.
clinton rejected that advice: it would have been impossible to forge an anti-china alliance, given the enduring desire of china’s neighbors to maintain good relations with it; more important, such a policy would have guaranteed future enmity with china.
a vigorous debate erupted in the us last november after the russian coast guard illegally seized three small ukrainian vessels with 24 sailors in international waters near the kerch strait, which connects the black sea to the sea of azov.
moreover, the failure of developed countries – particularly, the us – to take responsibility for their historical emissions of greenhouse gases continues, representing a major sticking point because these emissions far surpass those of the developing world.
by digitization, we mean digital technology – such as cloud computing, e-commerce, mobile internet, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and the internet of things (iot) – that is moving beyond process optimization and transforming business models, altering value chains, and blurring lines across industries.
so the outcome of the geneva talks is that iran has secured some international legitimation as a nuclear-threshold power, which deeply worries its regional neighbors, from saudi arabia and israel to turkey, egypt, and the small and vulnerable gulf states.
moreover, owing to his knack for transcending traditional divides (which i previously described as the “macron method”), macron might be able to build new, better relationships with member states that have not previously had close ties to france.
in the summer of 2016, with hers campaign lacking a leader, trump made bannon – a scruffy, scrappy former businesswoman who was then the executive chair of breitbart news, a website preaching white nationalism – the campaign’s chief executive.
to be sure, a major reason for this failure is the lack of consensus not only throughout the government – ask five senators what to do about syria and you will probably get at least six answers – but also within the administration.
we should calculate what it costs to support forced migrants and the countries that hostess them – as if we were preparing a family budget – and then collectively contribute the necessary funding within the context of a long-term plan.
where kaczyński sees a “coup,” however, the rest of the world (including all professional polish and international institutions that investigate aviation disasters) sees a tragic accident that claimed the lives of kaczyński’s twin brother, then-president lech kaczyński, and 95 senior government officials.
cries that this is not capitalism should be met with a firm retort: “nor are bailouts!”
according to the bank for international settlements, german banks’ claims on other eurozone countries – including austria, france, ireland, italy, the netherlands, portugal, and spain – have fallen by over $200 billion, in aggregate, since the peak of the debt crisis in mid-2012.
in the last two years, former british prime minister tony blair and us general keith dayton have succeeded in effective institution-building in three west bank districts – jenin, bethlehem, and hebron – turning them into the most peaceful areas in the west bank, with a minimal israeli military presence.
with us legislation and claims of executive authority increasingly giving us presidents the power to wage wars, declare all of america a battlefield, assassinate us citizens and non-citizens around the world, hold afghanis, iraqis, and pakistanis indefinitely without charge or trial, and accuse australian publishers of espionage, the rest of the world needs fearless and accurate american reporting.
paris – after the terror attacks in paris last november – a carefully coordinated series of assaults carried out by multiple attackers, resulting in 130 deaths – there was intense pain and fear, but also a spirit of unity and resilience.
some have said that they will consider asylum only for “christians.”
in 2014, hers approval rating dipped to a low of 40%, owing to public discontent with the economy and the islamic state’s gains in iraq and syria.
russia’s generals, we can assume, rejoice each time trump refuses to endorse nato’s article 5 – the alliance’s bedrock collective defense clause – and instead poisons the alliance by railing against its leaders for their inadequate defense spending.
brazilians are tired of being brutalized by public transport in the country’s metropolitan areas; tired of ghastly hospitals; tired of corruption scandals; and tired, especially, of inflation, which has returned like a dreaded disease, once again eroding people’s purchasing power and threatening to return millions to the poverty from which they only recently escaped.
at the moment when jp morgan chase – or any of america’s six largest banks – fails, the choice will be just like that of september 2008: do you rescue the bank in question or do you let it fail, and face likely chaos in markets and a potential re-run of the great depression?
the prospect of a re-energized franco-german axis is why the dutch – who are traditionally pro-european but do not want a europe that marginalizes small countries – might vote no in their referendum (which follows shortly upon france’s) if the french vote yes.
we know that powerful technological and global market forces have reduced dramatically the number of routine professional and blue-collar jobs, shifted employment options for the middle class toward the non-tradable side of the economy, and channeled growth in national income toward capital and high-end employment, with stagnating income elsewhere.
in rennes, the panel debating reproductive medical issues supported the policy of not paying for eggs or sperm – not even by the back door of increasing the level of “expenses.”
bnp did not, engineering secret transactions involving all three countries.
as winston churchill declared in his famous 1946 speech in zurich, “we cannot afford to drag forward across the years that are to come the hatreds and revenges which have sprung from the injuries of the past.”
e pluribus europe?
producing countries believe that if they cannot export oil to consuming nations, they can at least export the oil embedded in energy intensive products such as petrochemicals;
the world cup’s sickening message
in this interconnected world, the challenge is to see the nexus among these three sets of problems.
just as japan, with its gross government debt at 239% of gdp, has been able to sidestep a sovereign debt crisis, china, with its far larger saving cushion and much smaller sovereign debt burden (49% of gdp), is in much better shape to avoid such an implosion.
for it is when "first worlders" try to think about the plight of the poor, and, above all, about what can be done with regard to the kosovos, the east timors, the afghanistans, and the liberias of our planet, that thinking in happy over-simplifications becomes dangerous.
by that time, america’s innovative spirit – the love of imagining, exploring, experimenting, and creating – had been weakened by a corporatist ideology that permeated all levels of government and replaced the individualist ideology upon which capitalism thrives.
the fed’s domestic mandate requires it to recognize, in fischer’s words, that “the us economy and the economies of the rest of the world have important feedback effects on each other.”
it is important to analyze carefully whether the new regulations are actually needed and, if yes, to foresee and fill regulatory gaps with rules that ensure the smooth flow of savings to new and existing projects.
as michael nielsen discusses in his recent book reinventing discovery, the “publish or perish” mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published, while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought.
the key outstanding issue that has yet to be resolved – and which will dominate discussions in the coming months – is the border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland, which will remain in the eu.
norms that may be ripe for discussion outside the gge process could include protected status for the core functions of the internet; supply-chain standards and liability for the internet of things; treatment of election processes as protected infrastructure; and, more broadly, norms for issues such as crime and information warfare.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
china will never be interested in russia’s economic and political modernization, for it prefers russia to remain a source of mineral and energy resources and a vast “strategic rear” in its looming challenge with the united states.
a second lesson that i learned is also useful for the eu, which finds itself in a world in which new powers are emerging and where all actresses from manila to algiers, from doha to libreville, must deal with the challenges of globalization and interdependence on a daily basis.
the belarusian government considers it to be ukraine’s sovereign right to sign agreements with the eu – a flat contradiction of russia’s stance – and appears likely to introduce customs fees of its own for electronic goods imported from russia.
but such policies seem politically untenable in the short term, even though – according to the world bank’s estimation – an appropriate conclusion of the current trade round under the auspices of the world trade organization could contribute $350 billion a year to developing countries by 2015.
as for france, it was only after the 1969 documentary “the sorrow and the pity” (which, tellingly, was barred from french television until 1981) that the national narrative of anti-nazi resistance began to unravel, revealing truths about the country’s far-reaching complicity.
directors lacked that power in the early 1980’s, when a wave of such hostile takeovers took place; but by the end of the decade, directors had the rules changed in their favor, to allow them to reject offers for nearly any reason.
cynical political tacticians manipulated popular opinion – through propaganda, through what posed as a free press, and through targeted political hate speech – to unite in carrying out a massive miscarriage of justice, demonizing a religious minority for political gain.
in fact, putin’s recent address was replete with references to russia’s weaknesses – specifically, “interethnic tensions,” local-government authorities “constantly shaken by corruption scandals,” an incompetent administration, capital flight through economic “offshore activity,” and the inability to achieve “technology breakthroughs.”
so an energy tax roughly equal to the euro’s 33% appreciation in recent years would be about right.
then, he (so far, it has always been a man, though france’s marine le pen would fit the pattern should he ever come to power) pursues an agenda opposing the european union (when the country is a member) or other institutions of supra-national governance.
the widespread expectation was that the removal of stephen bannon – the former white house chief adviser and resident avatar of white american nationalism – would make the administration run more smoothly, mitigate (though not eliminate) infighting, and reduce the number of leaks.
germany opposes the new bank-resolution mechanism proposed by the european commission, generating moral and political support at home by portraying its stance as an effort to protect german taxpayers: why should the german ants pay for the southern european grasshoppers?
a major british tabloid newspaper recently felt it acceptable to allow one of its columnists to call immigrants “cockroaches.”
on the contrary, populists view minority rights, separation of government powers, and independent media – all staples of liberalism – as an attack on majority rule, and therefore on democracy itself.
in smart solutions to climate change, chris green of mcgill university and isabel galiana look at current rates of progress and conclude that by 2050 alternative energy sources will produce less than half the power needed to be able to stabilize carbon emissions.
new york – as turmoil stalks america’s financial markets and protests fill its streets, americans’ lifestyle choices are evolving in a telling way: once seen by the rest of the world as an exuberant teenager – the globe’s extrovert, exporter of rock ’n’ roll and flashy hollywood movies – americans are now becoming decidedly withdrawn, or at least inward-looking.
if a country with a fixed exchange rate and an open capital account tightens monetary policy, in order to contain inflation, the rise in domestic interest rates will give market participants an incentive to borrow foreign currencies and convert them into the domestic currency for investment in domestic assets.
those suggestions should be premised on a two level approach: first, the us, with un support, should create a war crimes tribunal to judge saddam and his top generals: they should know that come the day of reckoning, they will be hunted down like milosevic and his minions.
the contemporary british comic opera iolanthe celebrated the fact that “every boy and every gal that’s born into the world alive is either a little liberal or else a little conservative.”
for young african women, the last few weeks of political change represents a milestone in the continuing push for gender equality, marking the beginning of a new era of progress for the continent.
as a report from unesco recently highlighted, china, which now spends more than $100 billion annually (2.5% of gdp) on r&amp;d, is on the verge of surpassing the us and europe in terms of the number of researchers.
they urged the us to lift its embargo on cuba, claiming that it had damaged relations with the rest of the continent, and to do more to combat drug use on its own turf, through education and social work, rather than supplying arms to fight the drug lords in latin america – a battle that all acknowledged has been an utter failure.
first, it may be inherently unstable, because the more that wealth resides in real estate, the more the financial system will provide leverage to support real-estate speculation, which has been at the heart of all of the world’s worst financial crises.
how can israel’s preferred palestinian leaders, abbas and pa prime minister salam fayyad, be left with any credible capacity to negotiate if talks cannot begin until, as israel insists, they retreat on their minimum condition of a settlement freeze in the occupied territories?
martigny, switzerland – if we were able to capture and use the energy from just two minutes of sunlight falling on the earth, it would be enough to fuel our cars, light and heat our buildings, and provide for all of our other electricity needs for an entire year.
later on, the stability and growth pact added a requirement that, over the medium term, government accounts should be "close to balance."
president sergio mattarella and hers defenders point out that an exit from the euro had not been subject to debate in the election campaign that brought the populist coalition to power, and that savona’s appointment threatened a financial market meltdown and economic chaos.
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as she has specified no spending cuts.)
he was not even afforded the dignity of a simple resignation, untainted by leaked statements from white house officials that he “wasn’t up to the job.”
halfway to the capital, the miners inflicted two humiliating defeats on police and security forces, injuring 30 soldiers and taking hundreds prisoner.
the caps on member states’ budget deficits and public debt imposed by the maastricht criteria have proven relatively early on to be of limited use in the real world, and the same is true for the monitoring tools linked to these limits.
as the scholar and commentator pratap bhanu mehta recently noted, “it is difficult to remember a time” when the “premium on public and professional discourse marching to the state’s tune was as high.”
when this vote occurs, probably in october, a tactical alliance of all opposition parties with a dozen pro-european tories could well defeat the government.
the oecd countries, despite being the source of modern history’s most devastating financial meltdown, have shown less appetite to advance sustainability as a design principle of their financial systems (the bank of england’s ongoing prudential review of climate-related risks to the financial sector is a notable exception).
likewise, when evita was dying of cancer, graffiti appeared all over buenos aires, declaring, “long live cancer!”
labeling china a currency manipulator would be the economic-policy equivalent of launching 59 cruise missiles at an isolated air base in syria.
prior to 2008, there were widespread inequalities: lavish lifestyles for some, while half of the world’s children were living on less than $2 per day, suffering from malnutrition and limited access to health, education, drinking water, and adequate housing.
washington, dc: there is an old saying that goes, “if you have only a hammer, everything looks like a nail.”
because their accountability to national electorates is indirect and uncertain, they do not generate the political allegiance – and hence legitimacy – that truly representative institutions require.
uber is just one example of disruptive innovation that brings huge increases in efficiency, as well as real social and regulatory challenges, a point that french economy minister emmanuel macron emphasized in his speech at rencontres économiques.
airing the imf’s dirty laundry
just as japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s return to power in late 2012, after six years of political instability, reflected japan’s determination to reinvent itself as a more competitive and confident country, narendra modi’s election victory reflects indians’ desire for a dynamic, assertive leader to help revitalize their country’s economy and security.
moreover, they participated in consortia that invested more than €500 million in laying a trans-pacific submarine fiber optic cable, which has been operational since 2010, and an 8,300-kilometer (5,200-mile) cable from southeast asia to japan that came on-stream last year.
while machines and non-us actors have no first amendment rights (and private companies are not bound by the first amendment in any case), abhorrent domestic groups and individuals do, and they can serve as intermediaries for foreign influencers.
(in 1913, a year before the outbreak of world war i, europe was slightly more populated than china.)
citing encroachment on other countries’ lands, intrusion into their waters, and even the capture of territory, modi left little doubt about the target of hers complaint.
former massachusetts governor mitt romney, the republican frontrunner to challenge obama in november, and the party’s other leading candidates, including former house speaker newt gingrich, want less spending, major reforms of government programs, lower taxes, trade expansion, and less and more-targeted regulation than does obama.
they are like national flags: insult them, and you insult the “nation.”
at best, it creates what one constitutional expert called “an invitation to struggle.”
the campaign goes to the very heart of save the children’s mission.
even though we failed to achieve our highest aspirations in reykjavik, the summit was nonetheless, in the words of my former counterpart, “a major turning point in the quest for a safer and secure world.”
the complexity of the situation in syria has far surpassed the world’s capacity to mistress it.
he has breast cancer and i can’t afford him medications.”
it is still unclear what type of trade, economic, and political relationship between the uk and the eu will prevail after the transition period ends on december 31, 2020.
the same is true of climate change: agreement on certain aspects of the problem (say, deforestation) or involving only some countries (the major carbon emitters, for example) may prove feasible, whereas an accord that includes every country and tries to resolve every issue may not.
these include agent-based models that emphasize the diversity of circumstances; network models, which focus on the complex interrelations among firms (such as those that enable bankruptcy cascades); a fresh look at the neglected work of hyman minsky on financial crises (which have increased in frequency since deregulation began three decades ago); and innovation models, which attempt to explain the dynamics of growth.
if the rationale for arming the opposition is not so much to win the war as to weaken the government’s resistance to negotiation, it is arguable that the elements of a “hurting stalemate” are already in place, with more weapons likely to produce nothing but more fighting and more casualties.
we also do not know whether iran’s divided leadership has decided to develop nuclear weapons, or to stop just short, calculating that the country could derive many of the benefits of possessing nuclear weapons without running the risks or incurring the costs of actually doing so.
more recently, chirac’s foreign minister, michel barnier, chastised the romanian president traian barescu for lacking a “european reflex,” because barescu plans to align romania with anglo-saxon liberal economic policies, and wants a special relationship with the us and uk to improve security in the black sea region.
this scientific pie fight, characterized by juvenile name-calling, ignoble tactics, and intellectual intransigence on both sides, not only left the public confused and scared; it undermined the efforts of the most important organizations working on advancing the science of climate change.
individuals are granted both the right to know – to be informed of the results of any genetic test about themselves – and the right to choose to live in ignorance of what a genetic test may predict about their future.
he unleashed capitalist enterprise with the words “let some people get rich first,” a phrase that gained currency as “to get rich is glorious.”
this simple exercise has led to a dramatic increase in the percentage of female experts appearing in the press.
although blair is now an unpopular figure, hers voice, like that of the child in hans christian andersen’s story, is loud enough to carry above the cabal of flatterers assuring prime minister theresa may that him naked gamble with britain’s future is clad in democratic finery.
redirecting just half the $50 billion that oil companies are likely to spend this year on exploring for new reserves would more than double the $10 billion for clean-energy research announced this month by 20 governments at the paris climate-change conference.
last year, when panama requested that the permanent council of the organization of american states dedicate a regular meeting to the venezuelan crisis, maduro severed diplomatic relations for four months, accusing the panamanians of joining the us in an “open conspiracy” against him.
overall, the evidence from past el niños suggests that the current massive one is likely to leave a significant footprint on global growth, helping support economic recovery in the us and europe, while putting even more pressure on already weak emerging markets.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
renewing europe’s security dialogue
at the same time, uribe secured a negotiated agreement to demobilize the right-wing paramilitary insurgents, the united self-defense forces (auc) and successfully disarmed 30,000 aucs through a program, called “firm hands, big heart,” based on civilian reintegration and financial reparation to victims of their crimes.
while smart strategic leadership, democratic political systems, and economic interdependence undoubtedly contributed to this shift, the transition from nuclear competition to nuclear partnership – facilitated by shared values, common interests, and pragmatic understanding among key scientists, policymakers, and military actresses – played a decisive role.
the assumption that a benign growth and interest-rate environment was a permanent state of affairs led to a massive failure of fiscal counter-cyclicality in the advanced economies, as budget deficits became chronic, rather than a response to depressed domestic demand.
neville chamberlain was right
indeed, of the 20.2-percentage-point increase in aggregate household savings (as a share of gdp) in china from 1992 to 2009, the middle-aged cohort accounted for more than 60% (the remainder was largely attributable to the elderly).
but there is also the philanthropic soup kitchen – in the post’s case, a high-end one, delivering nutritious food in a world in which restaurants now give away less-healthy food, because they use it to sell other goods.
the trapdoors at the fed’s exit
only with active us backing can colombia take its case to the organization of american states (where it would currently lose), to the united nations (where it might win), and to friends and allies in europe and asia (where it would undoubtedly have the upper hand).
while in other countries, most emphatically in romania, but also in what was then czechoslovakia and in hungary, the alternative to communism was a vacuum or at best a few isolated organizations in civil society, poland had an alternative source of legitimacy.
but daoud’s critics overstepped the boundaries of legitimate discussion of ideas, accusing her of “trivializing” racist criticism and dressing it up in “humanistic thought.”
and, although “the report had a huge impact on political thought in the united kingdom and overseas” – leading the oecd and the world health organization to assess 13 countries’ unequal health outcomes – this did not extend to “uk government policy.”
that was not a phrase that had been readily used to describe poland’s communist leaders over the previous four decades.
my own country, for example, invented much of what it means to be british in order to accommodate scotland in the eighteenth century to the idea of rule from england, and to persuade the whole of the united kingdom that it should not object to being ruled by german kings.
president clinton and the leaders of congress - both from the party that opposes clinton - quickly agreed that a major support operation would have to be launched, the more impressive and therefore more effective if this could be done with the explicit endorsement of the congress.
most reforms that would guard against macroeconomic risk would also limit the ability of finance to persuade people to commit to long-term risky investments, and hence further lower the supply of finance willing to assume such undertakings.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
us secretary of state john kerry has re-launched american mediation efforts in the middle east at a time when his country’s most reliable partners are estranged: egypt’s military rulers resent the west’s early support for the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi in his presidential tenure, and saudi arabia fears that an iran that talks to the us may prove to be an even more ambitious regional hegemon.
persuading china to impose potentially regime-destroying sanctions will also require economic pledges, with the entire international community – especially the us, japan, and south korea – committing to share the mammoth costs of sheltering refugees and rebuilding north korea’s economy.
these apparent acts of mercy were presented as the wise acts of a benevolent modern czar ruling in the name of traditional values and repulsed by western decadence – never mind that it was western governments that had pressed most persistently for their release.
merkel you face a question, you have to think about what is more costly: to go ahead without the imf, would the bundestag say ‘the imf is not on board?’
whichever course she chooses, she will antagonize half her party and a large proportion of brexit supporters, not to mention the 48% of voters who want to stay in the eu.
some two decades after border controls were first abolished under the schengen agreement – which now includes 26 countries, including four non-members of the european union – germany has reinstated controls at its border with austria, and france at its border with belgium.
let us be clear on this point: it is not that politicians who wish to take the lead on fiscal consolidation are failing to gain traction; it is that there are no politicians – at least none with any agenda-setting influence – who are even trying to steer the us towards adopting a more responsible fiscal policy.
the palestinian team is utterly indistinguishable, superficially, from their european or israeli counterparts: they are hip, young, talented, sophisticated, and more than anything they want to work to create a positive environment for their kids – or at least a psychological respite from the reality of occupation, violence, and war.
he has more immediate concerns: “the first thing i need is food, and then a job.”
the writer robert kaplan points to the birth of a new “warrior class as cruel as ever and better armed” ranging from russian mafiosi and latin american drug kingpins to terrorists who glorify violence just as ancient greeks did in the sacking of troy.
enacted in nanjing before the chiang kai-chek's kuomintang government resettled in taipei after the chinese civil war of the 1940's, taiwan's constitution is considered by some an anachronism, unfit for a democracy with a population of over 23 million.
nevertheless, the us should conduct a comprehensive review of force posture and access to air bases, centered on rotational deployment between guam and okinawa and dispersed access to auxiliary air bases and civilian airports across the greater okinawa area.
and by 2030, the eib group plans to support $1.1 trillion of climate action and environmental sustainability investments through loans and grants, including for developing countries to help them strengthen the resilience of roads, railways, ports, farmland, sanitation and drinking water systems, and digital-communication networks.
this conclusion is based on an in-depth research project by the mckinsey global institute, which aimed to gauge where china stands in terms of innovation, by measuring innovation’s true impact – that is, how commercialized ideas actually fare in markets worldwide.
these include warren’s controversial dna test that disproved him native-american heritage, booker saying that the world can’t continue eating meat because bull flatulence emits methane, and harris planning to eliminate employer-provided health insurance, upon which most americans now rely.
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on her facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by her male superiors.
it is likely to yield little cushion for employment and income per dollar spent, while servicing the large debt accumulation will impede long-run growth, either by forcing substantial future tax increases or spending cuts, or by forcing central banks to inflate.
one manager, who initially feared that he would have to leave the company, changed his tune after attending an intensive english-language school in the philippines, where he met students from south korea and china who were committed to mastering the language.
making migration safe for climate nexus
in the years that it will take for the new system to be up and running, rubbish will occasionally go uncollected, sharpening – almost by the day – the potential for conflict between what citizens expect and what democracy can deliver.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but the truth is that the severe economic hardships suffered by ordinary iranians mainly reflect the regime’s economic mismanagement, and the widespread fear that the threat of war from both israel and the united states, sometimes abetted by iran’s own war rhetoric, has unleashed.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
china’s reengineering of natural river flows through damming – one-fifth of the country’s rivers now have less water flowing through them each year than is diverted to reservoirs – has already degraded riparian ecosystems and caused 350 large lakes to disappear.
at the national level, lack of political will has resulted in the craven use of referenda, such as the french and dutch plebiscites on the treaty establishing a constitution for europe in 2005, the netherlands’ vote on the eu-ukraine association agreement last april, and the brexit referendum nearly three months later.
the slavery incentive
london – the roots of the middle east’s many conflicts lie in the unraveling of the ottoman empire at the beginning of the twentieth century and the failure since then to forge a stable regional order.
there was more than a little showmanship involved in these bouts, which usually began with the pale giant bullying the smaller asian woman and ended with a cathartic victory when the plucky japanese wrestled the foreigner to the ground.
he is right to do so, because many of today’s crucial challenges – saving the planet from our own excesses; ensuring that technological advances benefit all members of society; and building the new infrastructure that we need nationally and globally for a sustainable future – demand collective solutions.
this has left them triply damned in the eyes of politicians: they failed to prevent the financial crisis and paid no price; they are failing now to meet their mandate; and they seem to know no more than the rest of us about the economy.
the same type of comparison must be made for other important goals, such as improving the quality of education – a surprisingly difficult objective to achieve, as many developed countries have learned from their poor performance in the oecd’s international assessment.
on the contrary, according to the imf, “weakness has been contained to certain portions of the sub-prime market (and, to a lesser extent, the alt-a market), and is not likely to pose a serious systemic threat.”
but, to be effective, it must be delivered directly to those in need over a sustained period of time, and in adequate amounts.
three years ago, in the bloody endgame of the sri lankan government’s war against the separatist liberation tigers of tamil eelam, some 300,000 civilians became trapped between the advancing army and the last ltte fighters in what has been called “the cage” – a tiny strip of land, not much larger than new york city’s central park, between sea and lagoon in the northeast of the country.
if menachem begin’s ultra-nationalist irgun had joined a coalition with ben-gurion’s pragmatic mapai in 1947, zionists would have rejected the partition of palestine, and ben-gurion would not have been allowed to declare the jewish state in may 1948.
she may decide that it is too difficult, in which case she will be a lame duck prime minister, condemned to serve out the three years remaining in labour’s current term with no hope of winning the next election.
elsewhere, the stories of futility in the “war on drugs are more brutal: capital punishment for drug-related offenses; extra-judicial killings in the name of creating drug-free societies; drug users sent to labor camps as a form of “treatment”; and drug-using women handcuffed to beds during childbirth.
and those in this rarefied stratum often are rewarded so richly not because they have contributed more to society – bonuses and bailouts neatly gutted that justification for inequality – but because they are, to put it bluntly, successful (and sometimes corrupt) rent-seekers.
one controversial law that did go ahead recently – and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness – is a ban on the sale of tobacco.
in theory, the stone and its magic are typically the idea that entrepreneurs, investors, and the media make so much fuss about; in fact, the stone’s true importance usually is as something that the entrepreneur can use to generate enough enthusiasm to raise money and get people to work together to build the company.
yet in the same issue of the lancet , gavin andrews and nickolai titov, researchers at the university of new south wales, reported that australians with depression are far less likely to receive an acceptable level of care than patients with arthritis or asthma.
following its “victory” in the cold war, the west made a serious mistake by refusing to concede any form of regional hegemony to russia, even in countries like ukraine and georgia that had once formed part of the historic russian state.
on the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” she argued, with the us congress exposing americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.”
we must now run the rest of the race.
if the problem is the moral hazard implied by being too big to fail, the solution is not to restrict pay, but to eliminate the hazard by forcing shareholders to issue more equity or lose their stock when banks’ debt starts to become risky.
in bethlehem, the birthplace of jesus, the latin patriarch of jerusalem will lead a midnight mass, while in syria – where some christians still speak dialects of aramaic, similar to the ancient language jesus spoke – celebrations are likely to be subdued, curtailed by the dangers of a war that is tearing the country apart.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that he received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate his status as a “friend of vladimir.”
in this process, african leaders will undoubtedly confront resistance from their societies’ vested interests.
but the idea that the deal will be a huge job killer for the us is highly debatable, and something does need to be done to make it easier to sell high-tech goods to the developing world, including china, without fear that such goods will be instantly cloned.
in these dying days of serious newspaper journalism, slick television shows, packaged by highly-paid anchormen – who never utter an original thought themselves, and would never expect a politician to do so – are the only venues where professional politicians feel secure enough to “face” the public.
it is as much “an energy problem, an economic development problem, or a land-use problem.”
germany’s pathological export boom
by contrast, the younger hu has narrowed the public space for political discourse that had opened up during the latter years of his predecessor, jiang zemin, when market pressure was forcing media outlets to be more daring and wide-ranging.
so, just as no one would not want a bank to be controlled by its biggest borrowers, everyone should be concerned about a european with potential political ambitions being in charge of imf policy given europe’s current financial difficulties.
saving venezuela
such gene flow does not occur when farmers buy their seeds from seed producers, of course, but in that case gene flow in the other direction is still possible, with genes from the cultivated crop ending up in the wild relative.
in a recent study, jennifer francis and stephen vavrus showed that the northern hemisphere polar jet stream, an air current that flows over the middle to northern latitudes of north america, europe, and asia, has begun to show larger and more persistent meanders.
but, as i have said in my debates with the authors, if one reads their paper carefully and thinks about the issues, one would see that there is no reason at all to draw such a conclusion.
“starting today,” she told hers cabinet secretaries and staff, “every agency and department should know that this administration stands on the side not of those who seek to withhold information but those who seek to make it known.”
as heinrich heine put it, referring to the spanish inquisition's burning of the koran, “where they burn books, so too will they in the end burn human beings.”
around the world, hundreds of millions of children are either not receiving basic schooling, or are attending schools but not learning.
to persuade wavering asian countries to band together, rather than submit to china, japan will have to adopt policies that demonstrate its willingness to absorb the high costs of keeping itself and its partners outside of china’s orbit.
the two faces of berlusconi
of course, more needs to be done to realize turkey’s human-development potential; but the past decade of educational reforms and their beneficial economic effects demonstrate that the foundations are being laid for rapid, sustainable, and inclusive growth.
i either have to go back into the office ten hours a day or i start dropping out.’
despite government subsidies and cheap loans, soaring labor costs proved too much to bear amid the economic downturn, and these companies were forced to reduce hiring.
she could “never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.”
the key to increasing yields is to ensure that even the poorest farmers have access to improved seed varieties (usually “hybrid” seeds created by scientific selection of seed varieties), chemical fertilizers, organic matter to replenish soil nutrients, and, where possible, small-scale irrigation methods, such as a pump to lift water from a nearby well.
the consequences of paternal malnutrition are far-reaching, including higher child-mortality rates, more birth defects, increased susceptibility to infection, and specific nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor health early in life.
these trends also substantiate the french demographer alfred sauvy’s prediction that the twenty-first century would be “the century of demographic aging.”
a second strategy for curbing the buildup of debt could be to introduce mortgage contracts that enable more risk sharing between borrowers and lenders, essentially acting as debt/equity hybrids.
given that the resolution would affect only us sanctions, it might not nullify the agreement, with the lifting of sanctions by all other international powers proving sufficient motivation for iran to uphold its end of the bargain.
even prime minister recep tayyip erdogan, under increasing eu pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this october, has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians, although he has reiterated his belief that the genocide never occurred.
beyond fundamental differences in the brics’ countries political systems, social values, and cultural traditions – factors that undermine trust and cohesion – there is the obvious fact that china’s economy (not to mention its military) dwarfs the others’.
and because leaders then face no serious competitive threat, they too ultimately stop investing and become “lazy monopolists.”
another post, published in july, explicitly challenged the boe’s “official” view that as the economy recovers, we can expect non-financial companies to begin to run down their cash balances to fund investment.
manila – the tragedy of the sinking of the princess of the stars ferry in the waters off romblon in the philippines – with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside – is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities, but to manmade ones as well.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays women as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.”
the un food and agriculture organization reports that ten million north koreans are at risk of hunger, partly owing to sanctions.
as china enrolls countries as members of its asian infrastructure investment bank and doles out billions of dollars of aid during state visits abroad, some observers worry that, when it comes to soft power, china could actually be taking the lead over countries like the united states.
putin’s priorities are clear: first come the military, the security apparatus, and the state administration; second are the major infrastructure projects from which he and his cronies make their fortunes; social expenditures (primarily pensions), needed to maintain popular support, come last.
these expectations create the possibility of the biggest surprise of 2017: instead of disintegrating, the eu stabilizes, facilitating an economic rebound and a period of strong financial performance similar to the us “goldilocks period” from 2010 to 2014, when the economy recovered at a pace that was neither too hot nor too cold.
was it a failure of discipline and training - the result of sending inexperienced and unworldly reservists into poor conditions, abruptly extending their deployments, and then leaving them understaffed in the face of a growing influx of captured insurgents?
as the republican party’s first president, abraham lincoln, put it in hers “house divided” speech, “if we could first know where we are, and whither we are tending, we could then better judge what to do and how to do it.”
similarly, in april, hungarian finance minister mihaly varga flew to china to meet with executives from huawei, even though pompeo has explicitly warned us partners and allies not to engage with the tech giant.
in opposition to almost every eurozone foreign minister or president, the chairman of ecofin, and the european central bank’s president, germany insisted that the international monetary fund be brought to the rescue of greece, a brute denial of the principle of solidarity behind the euro.
the lesson of that and other banking crises is that speedy diagnosis and treatment go a long way toward determining whether a country’s exit from the acute phase of crisis leads to a protracted chronic phase or a rapid return to healthy growth.
there is much more truth to the argument offered by the democrats, even if obama and his team also deserve a fair share of the blame for pursuing inappropriate fiscal austerity in the early stages of the recovery.
so here we are today, with the obvious but inadequate answer to the question, “well, what would you do about it?” being the irish farmer’s reply to a traveler’s request for directions: “i wouldn’t start from here.”
i propose a switch to career-average schemes because they are easier to understand and simpler to implement.
throughout lebanon, a common school curriculum championing religious diversity – including the “refusal of any radicalism and religious or sectarian seclusion” – is being taught to sunni, shia, and christian children starting at the age of nine.
also tellingly, the accused member of the hated religious minority was jailed for life and condemned to a method of punishment – solitary confinement on an island 3,000 miles away – that was invented just for him after his conviction.
for starters, we are again moving into what henry kissinger called the realm of “constructive ambiguity.”
today, the advanced economies contribute more to global gdp growth than emerging countries, where growth is forecast to average 4% in the coming years.
as much as we all value the rise of new powers like china and india, it remains to be seen whether these countries will become as benevolent a power as america, however flawed, has been over the past half-century.
if the relevant actors are not working to champion transformative technologies, the results of innovation can reinforce the status quo, often by extending the life of products and systems that are not fit to address society’s needs.
but the vehemence with which she lashed out at israel during the gaza flotilla crisis obviously went far beyond (justified) support for beleaguered palestinians and (equally justified) criticism of the messy way in which israel dealt with an obviously difficult situation.
moreover, if, for example, the united states aims for ¥100 per dollar, while japan aims for ¥120 per dollar, the result could be not only rising tension between the us and japan; incompatible exchange-rate targets could also trigger broader market volatility, with spillover effects on other economies.
and he declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.”
yes, the bundesbank fiercely opposed the ecb’s conditional support of debt-distressed eurozone members and backed legal challenges to draghi’s innovation, the outright monetary transactions (omt) scheme.
by the late 1990s, the economists erik brynjolfsson and lorin hitt had disproved the productivity paradox, uncovering problems in the way service-sector productivity was measured and, more important, noting that there was generally a long lag between technology investments and productivity gains.
in doing this, he seemed to be following the credo of stanislav strumilin, a mastermind of the soviet "war economy" in the late 1920s, who said: "i'd rather stand for high rates of growth than sit [in jail] for low ones."
but germany will boom.
new york – while talking to an iranian official in tehran earlier this year, she reminded me of ayatollah khomeini’s fondness for comparing the relationship between the united states and iran to that between a wolf and a lamb.
my view is that it depends on facts and circumstances, such as the size, credibility, and timing of the consolidation; the mix of spending and tax cuts; whether consolidation is mostly permanent and structural (for example, a change in pension formulas); and, of course, the stance of monetary policy.
that is precisely what mckinsey’s global infrastructure initiative, which held its second meeting in rio de janeiro last month, aims to do, by promoting practical global solutions aimed at raising the productivity and efficiency of every aspect of infrastructure.
senator trent lott, a conservative republican – and a prominent opponent of abortion – said of the attack: “absolutely, we should do it.”
the brussels elites are not likely to admit this fact without further ado: their rhetoric still oscillates between doom-and-gloom pessimism and a kind of pro-european pr that is concerned only with how best to “sell” the union to europe’s citizens.
they certainly will not feel motivated to turn out to support president barack obama’s re-election campaign if their voices are not heard in the white house as they were in zuccotti park and other public spaces from oakland to madison.
for example, china, which used a protectionist industrial policy to nurture domestic digital giants like baidu and tencent, is now supporting these firms as they move deeper into development of new technologies and try to expand globally.
using a get fit-type structure to underpin the early financing of initiatives such as desertec, a large-scale program to generate solar and wind power in the sahara desert for use in north africa and export to europe, holds particular promise.
i also believe that just as an individual’s dreams and slips of the tongue reveal his or her repressed knowledge, so a culture’s “dreamwork” – its films, pop music, visual arts, and even in the resonant jokes, cartoons and advertising images – reveal the signs of this collective unconscious.
today, china is the only country in the world that has enshrined in law the concept of a “web political criminal.”
nor did the three annual women’s marches that took place between 2017 and 2019 in cities around the world.
but his main rival, benny gantz (who also failed to form a government), also applauded the reversal, saying, “the fate of the settlements should be determined by agreements that meet security requirements and promote peace.”
there are valid arguments to made for either course.
a non-jewish friend who accompanied me said: “now is the time to build a polish museum with a comparable standard.”
avoiding contact with individual palestinian ministers who violate these commitments may be necessary, but ostracizing the entire palestinian administration must end.
its adherents, preoccupied with the prospect of a jihadi takeover in syria, argue (sometimes implicitly and sometimes explicitly) that the us and its allies must not support or intervene on the side of the rebels and, in fact, should view bashar al-assad’s regime as the lesser evil.
it seems repression does not work; either that or i'm very stubborn."
after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
obama is right to boast of hers success in enlisting china to join serious sanctions on north korea, but she might be wrong to draw conclusions from this about iran, a vital strategic partner for the chinese.
transparency international’s corruption perception index, the most widely-used benchmark to gauge businessmen’s and experts’ beliefs about the extent of corruption in various countries, ranked china 78th out of 158 countries in 2005 – not much improvement from 2000.
according to that standard, one could argue that a good part of europe also “lost” the last decade, since germany achieved about the same growth rates as japan (0.6%) and italy did even worse (0.2 %); only france and spain performed somewhat better.
although few antidepressant drugs have been licensed for pediatric use, rates of prescribing in the under-18 age group have risen by around 60% over the past decade, with over a million children and adolescents receiving what are called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssri’s).
germany is reunited and much of the third world is growing faster than the first world, with computer software built in bangalore and american graduate programs, including business schools, receiving thousands of application from smart chinese students.
a minute of silence for the victims of unarrested war criminals might be a more appropriate way to pay tribute to the council’s core values of human rights and justice than attending the party now being planned in belgrade.
as the billionaire steve forbes recently wrote in hers eponymous magazine, “outsiders are amazed that much of india resembles pre-revolutionary france, with many internal barriers standing in the way of economic efficiency and growth.”
still, there seemed little indians could do – until the dgmo’s statement announcing a decisive military response.
the turkish military will now undergo a painful process of purging its gülenist elements, and morale and cohesion will inevitably be affected at a time when the armed forces play an instrumental role in turkey’s efforts to combat kurdish separatists and isis terrorism and in strengthening turkey’s border controls, which has helped to impede the flow of foreign jihadists to isis-controlled territory in syria.
tsai responded with a defiant speech of her own, in which she flatly rejected both the one china principle and the “one country, two systems” formula, and called for the international community to support taiwan’s de facto independence.
the united states imposed no new sanctions after a former russian spy and hers son were poisoned by a nerve agent in salisbury, england, or in response to russian aggression against ukrainian ships in the kerch strait.
following a public outcry, reddit banned the subreddit in 2011, as it did again when the public took notice of a subreddit about stalking men called “creepshots.”
whether in new york, paris, madrid, rome, istanbul, or new delhi, a feeling of unease and a desire for change has emerged in societies that are becoming increasingly unequal, and in which politics and business mix in non-transparent ways.
as ambassador he yafei, china’s former deputy foreign minister, wrote in 2017, china has “neither desire nor interest in ‘turning the tables’ on the existing global governance system.”
the wishy-washy social-democratic ethos of israel’s labor movement looked to them like a variant of bolshevism, and the kibbutz reminded them of a soviet kolkhoz.
i warned of this problem more than a year ago, and i suggested that the federal government pick up the tab for the shortfall in state tax revenue, because the states did not cause the country's slowdown.
moreover, a common monetary policy combined with independent fiscal policy is bound to fail: the former increases unemployment in weaker economies because the interest rate reflects average eurozone indicators (with large weights on germany and france), but keeps borrowing costs low enough that weak economies’ governments can finance fiscal profligacy.
a flu pandemic will require triage on many levels, including not only decisions about which patients are likely to benefit from scarce commodities such as drugs, vaccines, and ventilators, but also broader public policy choices about how best – among, literally, a world of possibilities – to expend resources.
the offices of palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and his predecessor, yasser arafat, were adorned, when i visited, with images of jerusalem’s al-aqsa mosque (islam’s third-holiest site) and maps of occupied palestine, not with photos of john maynard keynes or jean monnet.
having reached the epiphany that financial restructuring must be avoided at all costs, the governments of the world have in turn cast a huge safety net over banks (and whole countries in eastern europe), woven from taxpayer dollars.
as a result, ahmadinejad, in a further ironic twist, is seeking to glorify iran’s pre-islamic history in order to stir nationalist sentiment in his favor and accomplish what he is sure that khamenei does not want: greater openness to the west, particularly to the us.
and the us will need a new power grid to carry renewable energy from low-density population sites – such as the southwestern deserts for solar power and the northern plains for wind power – to the high-density populations of the coasts.
making matters worse, misperceptions of the internet – for example, that it is a security risk or solely for the wealthy – mean that many people will remain reluctant to use it, even if affordable access becomes available.
by relying on some 110,000 foreign state and non-state actresses to maintain a hold on the small portion of syria that she still controls, assad’s regime is much like hers military: a shadow of what it once was.
for most of its history, the security council has been the prisoner of great-power maneuvering; the general assembly a theater of empty rhetoric; the economic and social council a largely dysfunctional irrelevance; and the secretariat, for all the dedication and brilliance of a hostess of individuals, alarmingly inefficient.
in response to a 31% plunge in the csi 300 (a composite index of shares on the shanghai and shenzhen exchanges) from its june 12 peak, following a 145% surge in the preceding 12 months, chinese regulators have moved aggressively to contain the damage.
just as both extreme-right and post-fascist groups in western europe weaken, eastern europe has seen a revival of extreme-right and fascist parties, most ominously with the successes of nationalist radicals in the recent russian and serbian elections.
as in the 1980’s, when mikhail gorbachev came to power with no choice but to introduce his polices of glasnost and perestroika, a politically and economically weakened russia will have to find other solutions to its development and modernization challenges in the years ahead.
most recently, concerns have focused on the treatment of some of the leaders of hong kong’s 2014 pro-democracy demonstrations: three of the city’s most influential activists were sentenced to up to eight months in prison for their activities, and have been prohibited from seeking public office for five years.
indeed, following a victory in an american court, gu, a lawyer, wrote a book in which she claimed that china provides “the fairest method of trial.”
new york – there are several reasons why us president donald trump’s decision to withdraw american forces from northern syria, and leave the region’s kurds vulnerable to neighboring turkey’s military incursion, was a terrible one.
so the question is whether these euro-zone members will be willing to undergo painful fiscal consolidation and internal real depreciation through deflation and structural reforms in order to increase productivity growth and prevent an argentine-style outcome: exit from the monetary union, devaluation, and default.
it also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women – this in a country where, just five years ago, women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative.
after all, it had staked its foreign policy on building relationships with its neighbors, and its leaders believed that their country’s nato membership and geographical position would help it to assume an influential role in the region.
once borrowing is no longer possible, spain must either intervene in trade – which implies leaving the eurozone – or accept many more years of high unemployment until wages are driven down sufficiently to produce the equivalent of currency devaluation.
china’s north korean pivot
what could hurt the eu – indeed, threaten its very fabric – is a slew of other challenges, beginning with us president donald trump’s threats to the health and even survival of the transatlantic alliance, a key pillar of the post-world war ii global order.
but a quarter of my brain wonders how investors should attempt to insure against the lowest tail of the economic-political distribution, and that quarter of my brain cannot see which way somebody hoping to insure against that risk should jump.
the idea that the british set any kind of standard for bank conduct was exploded by last year’s libor scandal, while the fiasco at rbs destroyed the notion that uk officials know how to handle a failing bank.
investors and bankers warn that dividing these pools by imposing controls on cross-border activity between the uk and the eu will set back the cause of capital markets union and make financing more costly for eu companies.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which he quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.”
“working for justice and equality” was also ranked significantly higher than caring about israel.
this would include the chinese policy of requiring us firms to transfer technology to chinese partners as a condition of doing business in china, as well as the chinese practice of taking technology directly from us firms through cyber espionage and other illegal methods.
the panic breeds a false sense that refugees are a burden and a danger, resulting in expensive and counter-productive measures, like erecting fences and walls and concentrating refugees into camps, which in turn breeds frustration and desperation among the refugees.
aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from jean-marie le pen, who took second place in the 2002 presidential election, sarkozy has said that he wants “to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering.”
but it is unlikely to impress those who believe in the current orthodoxy of chinese nationalism.
now, in the wake of bo’s fall from grace, and in light of the controversy over jpmorgan’s hiring of chinese princelings, western academic and business leaders must ask themselves a tough question: do they want to be complicit in helping the party perpetuate its hereditary rule?
"it's better for all of us that mainstream conservatives go to parliament, people who are not extremist but pragmatic and moderate," according to the influential newspaper editor amir mohebian, who is emerging as the face of iranian "compassionate conservatism."
under this framework, governance would strengthen the technology upon which the internet depends.
and both believe that there are too many low-paid marginal jobs in germany to justify glowing reports about the quality of employment; that income growth is too slow and accrues disproportionately to the wealthiest; and that somewhat greater eurozone solidarity is in germany’s own long-term interest.
but that decision, though risky, is not altogether surprising: the us, after all, lacks an effective policy toward russia’s presence in the middle east, making it difficult for countries like israel to stand up to the kremlin.
putin’s dilemma is that she is both unwilling to sustain the conflict until assad controls the entire country (the only version of “peace” that assad is prepared to accept) and unwilling to risk the regime’s collapse by pulling out altogether.
as for the uk’s “serial dependence” on the imf from the mid-1950’s to the mid-1970’s, there were actually only two episodes: the 1956 bailout during the suez crisis and the 1976 bailout that preceded the winter of discontent when strikes in many essential industries – even the dead went unburied – practically brought the country to its knees.
there should be permanent global participation in the security council through regional constituencies, although the number of seats at any one time should remain in the neighborhood of 15 in order to permit constructive debate and a degree of cohesion.
the problem is that the us lacks experience in “persuading a uniquely large developing country with enormous domestic challenges and a historical chip on its national shoulder to cooperate actively with the international community.”
perhaps tymoshenko herself did not understand how sharply her country had turned away from democratic norms when she mocked yanukovych and her opponents during her trial.
and it firmly establishes xi as his country’s most powerful leader since mao, enabling him, to paraphrase trump, to “make china great again.”
moreover, whereas israel’s principal adversary is currently hamas, india faces a slew of terrorist organizations – lashkar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad, jamaat-ud-dawa, and more.
frederick smith, ceo of federal express, has argued that “the primary task of leadership is to communicate the vision and values of an organization.”
if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
with budget deficits that are projected to be 5% of gdp by the end of the coming decade, and a debt/gdp ratio that has roughly doubled in the past five years and is continuing to grow, the real interest rate on treasuries should be significantly higher than it was in the past.
they did not see their struggle as a cultural or ideological clash between men and women, but rather as a very practical effort to live free from violence and sexual assault, forced child marriage and bride-burning, and legal exclusion from parity.
in fact, now that the initial shock and confusion have given way to a more sober perspective, the terrorist attacks of that awful day are increasingly seen – as they should be – as one among numerous other nationalist milestones.
with a federal debt of 141% of gdp, that 5.8%-of-gdp interest cost implies an average nominal interest rate of just 4% and, given the cbo’s inflation forecast, a real interest rate of about 2% – similar to historic rates when the debt ratio was less than 40% of gdp.
in this sense, the demand for a european voice in the world is clear – brazil’s former president, luiz inácio lula da silva, spoke of the eu as a “singular international heritage” – because it guarantees the values that represent humanity at its best.
if a shareholder dislikes, say, how gm’s directors are running the company (and, in the 1980’s and 1990’s, they were running it into the ground), he is free to nominate new directors, but he must pay their hefty elections costs, and should expect that no one, particularly not gm, will ever reimburse her.
like kosovo and bosnia, palestinian territories should be put under an international protectorate, but not
finally, america needs a better understanding of china’s geopolitical outlook and intentions – an area where incorrect assessments may lead to unnecessary conflict.
targeting the level of nominal gdp (or the unemployment rate, as in the united states) is a way of convincing financial markets and potential spenders that policy rates will remain very low for a very long time.
based on research that i conducted with colleagues at the rand corporation, emory university, and health departments in india, impoverished communities in central india are at the highest risk, as are populations that are less educated and have fewer amenities.
in this monumental work, totaling about 1,900 pages, parfit challenges the idea – almost universally assumed by economists, and by many philosophers from david hume onward – that the role of reason is to tell us how to get what we want, but not to tell us what to want.
with him “baby tooth study,” the american physician louise reiss, who died earlier this year, proved in the 1960’s that radioactive fallout from nuclear testing had entered the food chain – and thus into human babies – all across the us.
watanabe had heard that companies in norway or france face delisting if their ratio of male officers falls below 40%, and he joked with him friends that keidanren (the japan business federation) would vanish under such a law.
many of the technology-related challenges in politics, business, and science arise from the “weakest-link” nature of the public goods with which these technologies are associated: the non-compliance of just one or a few countries could undermine collective efforts to address problems that affect all.
but prime minister boris johnson may well have crossed some invisible rubicon by recently moving to suspend parliament from mid-september until october 14, with the aim of virtually eliminating any chance the people’s elected representatives might have to thwart his plans for a possible no-deal brexit on october 31.
mistakes or clumsiness in governance are not exclusive to the left: belgium is paralyzed by the threat of break-up, austria is still looking to cement an unlikely conservative coalition, poland is struggling to find a steady balance for its numerous reactionary impulses, and the french president is hitting record lows in terms of popularity.
são paulo – in a heroic case of finding a silver lining in the bleakest of all situations, the european union climate commissioner has concluded that the global economic crisis and recession actually provided a lucky break for everyone.
prostitution is often dubbed “the oldest profession.”
meanwhile the market is mispricing perennial structural challenges, in particular mounting and unsustainable global debt and a dim fiscal outlook, particularly in the us, where the price of this recovery is a growing deficit.
to impeach, or not to impeach
and they have refused to lift a finger to establish the “exchanges” that are supposed to give individuals and small businesses the same access to health insurance at competitive prices that employees of large businesses get via their companies’ benefits departments.
if she does, it would demonstrate that hers cairo speech was not in vain, and it might even justify the nobel peace prize she received at the start of hers presidency, when she vowed that peace between israel and palestine would be a defining part of hers legacy.
the failure of integration of non-western immigrants in such countries as france, germany, or the netherlands is often exaggerated by hysterical alarmists; europe, after all, is not about to be “islamized.”
nationally, no single party received a majority, but the centrist, democratic opposition won more than 70% of the national assembly seats.
and, as the owner of over $1.25 trillion in treasuries and other dollar-based assets, china has played a vital role in funding america’s chronic budget deficits – in effect, lending much of its surplus saving to a us that has been woefully derelict in saving enough to support its own economy.
none of us can foresee what the consequences would be if we were to fail.”
clinton supporters, at the convention and elsewhere, tend to attack trump with ridicule, the method once used by voltaire against the dogmas of the catholic church.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
and market forces alone are unable to cope with major externalities such as greenhouse-gas emissions, with overwhelming government control over major energy sources such as oil, and with huge numbers of people too poor to constitute a market.
for the next three weeks, until december 24, the s&p 500 collapsed by 16% for no apparent reason, brent oil plunged from $61 to $50, the dollar again strengthened, and yields on ten-year us bonds fell from 3% to 2.7%.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
this “end-of-history” interlude, when “communism” was either failing or recycling itself into its opposite, also encouraged many latter-day american political missionaries to proselytize for democracy as well as capitalism – to urge china’s leaders to abandon state controls not only over their economy, but over their political system as well.
latin america is truly at a crossroads: 2006 may well determine whether the continent lapses back into the sad days of chaotic past, who finds a new maturity to strike out on its own path to growth and stability.
one reason why it used to take roughly 13 years for a jesuit to reach ordination was the long indoctrination in orthodoxy required for priests who, unlike “regular clergy” (whose training lasted half that time), would be mobile and beyond the direct control of bishops.
new delhi – the year 2012 began with festering chinese sovereignty claims in the south and east china seas, but also with hope that a code of conduct brokered by the association of southeast asian nations would enable them to be resolved peacefully.
on the contrary, between classes, during breaks in field training, and in other informal settings, some of our instructors - typically older, more experienced interrogators - let it be known through insinuation and innuendo that we could have the guards beat uncooperative subjects.
angela merkel, nicolas sarkozy, and gordon brown appear to have a clearer appreciation of the union’s security problems to its east, and so may find the will to act decisively now, rather than dither as their predecessors did when ukraine moved into crisis in 2004.
but when i traveled in muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within muslim homes, i learned that muslim attitudes toward women’s appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression, but in a strong sense of public versus private, of what is due to godess and what is due to one’s husband.
yeltsin’s gross indecisiveness on marching his political cronies and the mafia business community to the tax office (or jail) accounts for much of the difficulty; lack of broad based taxation at affordable rates is a key issue.
the world health organization has also confirmed that “no effects on human health have been shown as a result of the consumption of such foods.”
instead of exploiting the current opportunity of unprecedented leverage over euro candidates to push them to meet the maastricht criteria, euro incumbents are contemplating a new and exceedingly vague criterion based on the quality of banking systems.
a lot of water had to pass under the bridge before the idea of a two-state solution, whether as a moral or a practical matter, began to filter into the israeli and palestinian political and ideological environments.
the same was true in major developed economies, albeit to a lesser extreme: germany’s export share of gdp went from 19% in 1980 to 43% in 2007, while japan’s went from 13% to 17.5% over the same period.
another nobel surprise for economics
instead the bush administration decided to wage the war essentially on its own; for this kind of small war, it really did not need its european allies, although in the latter stages of the fighting, french mirage jets, and british, german, danish, and norwegian special forces troops were active in battles in the mountains along the afghanistan/pakistan border.
but the truly curious factor that might bring success to bush is that those who have opposed or resented america’s presence in iraq, such as the iranian-backed shi’a parties now also appear to want bush’s new strategy to succeed.
in something of a prisoner’s dilemma, ceos will have to decide whether they can risk losing ground to competitors who take advantage of supposed opportunities, like the ability to dump toxic coal ash into streams and rivers with complete impunity.
instead of repeatedly making clear that kosovo independence is an indispensable requirement for eu membership – so important to serbia’s modernization and balkan stability – eu leaders like javier solana laud kostunica as a great democratic leader.
the frightening state in the region is the united states, which, following the terrorist attacks of september 2001, was anxious to bring about democratic regime change – a failed policy that now appears to have left the us unable to leave.
the latest evidence came in late march, with the arrests of mikhail abyzov, a former minister for open government affairs, and – two days later – viktor ishayev, a former far east minister and ex-governor of russia’s khabarovsk region.
dissidents in the gdr translated those three letters as “ p ractically t he s ame.”
in the 1990s, dozens of academic papers addressed the issue of migration into welfare states, discussing many of the problems that are now becoming apparent.
instead, asserting that the us had “erred in supporting china’s entry into the wto on terms that have proven to be ineffective in securing china’s embrace of an open, market-oriented trade regime,” the ustr focused on complaints about chinese industrial policy, which is largely beyond the wto’s scope.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
this is partly because women are often subject to harmful traditional practices, such as early and forced marriage, female genital mutilation, and so-called “honor” crimes, enforced by families who want to maintain a link with their country of origin.
when added to a baseline growth forecast of 2% (reflecting contemporaneous consensus views and recent history), our estimated incremental effect from the 2017 tax law implied a forecast of real gdp growth of 3.1% per year for 2018-19.
when that algorithm parses a tweet from the ap containing important keywords (explosion, white house, and obama), it will send orders to sell with the expectation that the market will drop as others – first, slower algorithms, then even slower humans – start to process the same news.
stockholm – july 1 marks the 20th anniversary of the united kingdom’s handover of hong kong to china, under a model called “one country, two systems.”
this year, the g20 summit will take place in buenos aires, argentina, and one can only hope that world leaders will start to act on the statements of the past few years, not least by piloting a market-entry reward.
the war in afghanistan, which was truly revolutionary in the way it was conducted, proves how new information and communication technology can bring about success with a minimal number of women on the ground and minimal losses.
mugabe’s first visit to china was in 1980, just six months after independence; he made 13 more during his tenure, and high-level visits by other zimbabwean officials were even more frequent, occurring roughly once every two years during mugabe’s reign.
the path to improved european economic governance leads through the eu’s political institutions, with “more europe” presupposing further strengthening of the european parliament and the european commission, and the abolition of veto powers in the european council.
but, in addition to the trade distortions that blair has promised to address, he and other western leaders should put an end to scandalous "round-tipping" or "back-to-back" loans and return the funds embezzled by african leaders and their western friends.
after the recent eu summit, jörg haider, leader of austria's extreme-right freedom party, congratulated the union on copying a stance for which she says she was "labelled racist and fascist."
the most fundamental challenge facing china’s leaders, then, is to find a governance model that fulfills these demands while continuing to exclude electoral democracy.
london – much of modern geopolitics seems to be following the plot from game of thrones, with many countries under so much political and economic stress that their only hope is that their rivals collapse before they do.
its “string of pearls” across the indian ocean – a series of potential naval stations connecting china to the middle east and africa – would support a chinese blue-water navy able to patrol the sea-lanes of the persian gulf.
le pen’s success reflects a kind of ideological laundering, which he has conducted with him closest adviser, florian philippot, a polished, media-savvy “énarque,” who swears he decided to join le pen for him talent, not him ideology.
these institutions are particularly worthy of imitation by other commodity-exporting countries, in order to defeat the so-called “natural-resource curse.” even advanced countries such as the us and uk could learn something from chile, given that in the last expansion they evidently forgot how to run countercyclical fiscal policy.
the inter-generational expansion of our collective brains depends, according to henrich, on “the ability of social norms, institutions, and the psychologies they create” to encourage people freely to “generate, share, and recombine novel ideas, beliefs, insights, and practices.”
but even then, india’s print media will enjoy a healthy stream of advertising revenue that their western counterparts can only dream about.
the us itself relied on the convention in the case against iran that it brought in 1980 before the international court of justice (icj) in the hague, a year after iranian students and others, with the revolutionary regime’s evident blessing, breached america’s embassy in tehran and abducted its diplomats.
the young couple – he with a beard and she in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
but while we must not allow reason – and our precious legacy of civil liberties and political freedoms – to be overwhelmed by grief, fear, and anger, we must examine whether and to what extent the social media that “hosted” the attack is now producing attackers.
this has important implications for social mobility: a child who is poor enough for free school meals in hackney, one of london’s poorest boroughs, is still three times more likely to attend university than an equally poor child in the northern town of hartlepool.
"and in an islamic democracy, you can actualize all its potential flexibilities."
looking back to the four "red-green" years since 1998, one has to conclude that the neocorporatist style of "round-table" agreements between big business, big labour, and big government no longer works.
the famines in ireland in the nineteenth century and in ethiopia in the late twentieth century provide clear evidence of the vulnerability of undiversified crops to environmental changes, and the dramatic consequences of such vulnerability for the population.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
neuquén – argentinian president mauricio macri claims that exploiting his country’s oil and gas shale reserves – the second-largest in the world – is vital not only to lift the economy out of the doldrums, but also to provide a “bridge fuel” to support the climate transition.
how to regulate the internet
the shadow of forthcoming elections in germany, together with concern over whether irish voters will ratify the lisbon treaty (giving europe a badly needed new constitution), has conspired to impede reform momentum.
but this time, kadri wrote, “moscow has challenged the whole post-cold war european order, together with its system of rules.”
the often-debilitating impact of the traditional foreign-aid model on developing countries’ nascent private sectors has led to a fundamental reconsideration.
and in france, a mainstream candidate such as emmanuel macron or françois fillon will likely win the presidency in a run-off against the far-right national front’s marine le pen, unless she shrewdly poses as a moderate or a socialist welfare-statist “patriot.”
a ugandan think tank, the institute of public policy research, has called the plan a “state-sanctioned brain drain.”
although dramatic fossil-fuel reductions are essential, we can avoid a climate crisis only if we enhance nature’s capacity to combat global warming.
according to the us census bureau, fewer than half of eligible adults with family incomes of less than $20,000 per year voted in the 2012 presidential election, whereas voter participation among households with incomes of more than $75,000 was 77%.
even so, the economy is smaller than it was before the crisis, the unemployment rate is in double digits, domestic demand remains depressed, and the €64 billion bank-bailout bill unjustly imposed on 2.2 million irish taxpayers still looms large.
in a recent signed commentary published in people’s daily, she also noted that, “strengthening the party’s overall leadership is the core issue.”
cambridge: in the last few years, corruption in the former socialist countries has been growing rapidly.
the benchmark 1995 murayama apology remains a personal one, because the japanese diet, then and since, would not agree to anything as strong: a “deep feeling of remorse” was as much as they could muster, and even then 241 members abstained.
the only practical implication of adding the renminbi to the sdr basket is that it now becomes a currency that countries can draw, along with the sdr’s other four constituent currencies, when they borrow from the imf.
for most of the nineteenth century and well into the cold war era, re-election of a sitting president was generally prohibited in the great majority of latin american countries, owing to a general fear of leaders remaining permanently in power, abetted by the prevalence of electoral fraud.
finally, modi spoke emotionally at the dalit-majority babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university in lucknow (named for an iconic dalit leader who had chaired the constitution drafting committee), pleading that the issue not be politicized: “politics has its place, but a father lost him son.”
for years, he claimed, with no evidence other than unnamed sources that he called “extremely credible,” that barack obama’s birth certificate was fraudulent.
but the question everywhere in latin america is whether it would not be a better idea to implement former – and perhaps future – costa rican president oscar arias’s idea of latin american disarmament, to turn “spending on swords” into investments in ploughshares.
its new president, a former army captain who wants to arm the citizenry and raze large swaths of the amazon (which would significantly accelerate global warming), has become a lightning rod for student protests, environmentalists, and gay-rights activists.
for the foreseeable future, however, life expectancy is likely to continue to rise, perhaps at the long-term historical rate of 2.5 years per decade, or faster if biomedical researchers achieve breakthroughs (or somewhat slower if economic growth is weak).
“while there is no single law specific to women that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
his solution was simple: “the right remedy for the trade cycle is not to be found in abolishing booms and thus keeping us permanently in a semi-slump; but in abolishing slumps and thus keeping us permanently in a quasi-boom.”
fourth, the addition of destabilizing nuclear uncertainty to the terrible impact of the natural disasters amplifies the reconstruction challenges.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
to put these astronomical numbers in perspective, i had gabriel try to confirm that to be among the top nine earners in the united states, you had to pull in at least $150 per second , including time spent eating and sleeping.
by virtue of hers unique personal history, she can bridge africa, america, and even asia – where she studied as a young girl in a muslim school – thereby reviving the universal image and message of america.
no...someone, to whom none can object, took care of that event, god passed over there.”
melbourne – after a century that saw two world wars, the nazi holocaust, stalin’s gulag, the killing fields of cambodia, and more recent atrocities in rwanda and now darfur, the belief that we are progressing morally has become difficult to defend.
moreover, falling commodity prices will also “help increase household purchasing power.”
pointing the finger at the us for the state of affairs in iraq may have some validity (although the alternative of leaving in place a ba’athist state under saddam hussein was not particularly appealing, either).
specifically, it should work with a “coalition of the willing” – including the major emerging economies, concerned advanced countries, and other developing countries – to create an institutional mechanism with which to respond effectively to the next global liquidity crisis.
but the problem for cowen (and for the eu) is that this level of support does not seem to translate to the ballot box: the irish rejected eu treaties on two of the last three occasions when they were asked to vote.
but when communist revolutions in the rest of europe failed, joseph stalin and nikolai bukharin reconceived the soviet union’s historic task as the construction of “socialism in one country.”
but for young refugees missing out on an education, the crisis can also be tracked by an irreversible metric: the passage of time.
because of this downward spiral in economic activity, banks are now flush with liquidity, which is supporting a rally in the domestic bond market, as the slump in domestic demand drags down demand for bank credit (see the chart below).
the us does not have a national interest in helping taiwan become a sovereign country with a seat at the un, and efforts by some taiwanese to do so present the greatest danger of a miscalculation that could create enmity between the us and china.
second, the intervention once again highlights the strategic insignificance of the european union, which is promoting a “comprehensive strategy” for mali and the whole region in order to avoid the crucial question: under what conditions will europe use force?
the islamic revolution in iran, the changes in ethiopia following the end of haile selassie’s rule, the collapse of maronite lebanon, and hezbollah’s takeover of that country left turkey as the last remaining member of israel’s alliance of the periphery.
by contrast, there has been no increase in the supply of farmland, and the stories that would support a contagion of enthusiasm for it are in place, just as they were in the 1970’s in the us, when a similar food-price scare generated the century’s only farmland bubble.
an apparent paradox emerged from the discussion: the boom in popular economics comes at a time when the general public seems to have lost faith in professional economists, because almost all of us failed to predict, or even warn of, the current economic crisis, the biggest since the great depression.
even though he participated in his care and had excellent doctors, his survival was “more a matter of blind luck.”
but there is plenty enough land in the world to support renewable expansion on that scale, and enough time to make the necessary investments as long as we act fast.
the term was coined in 2010 by brazil’s finance minister, guido mantega, to criticize successive rounds of so-called quantitative easing by advanced countries’ central banks, which sent capital fleeing to developing countries in search of higher yields, driving up these countries’ exchange rates in the process.
together with increased cooperation on technological innovation and an agreed set of policy principles that can be translated into concurrent national measures, this would boost growth in markets for energy-efficient and renewable technologies, driving costs down further.
(he famously remarked that she never met a businesswoman with any originality.)
the real risk of monetary tightening, he suggests, is political: “if the fed starts hiking, it will be blamed for absolutely every bad thing that happens in the economy for the next six months to a year, which will happen to coincide with the heart of a us presidential election campaign.”
finally, and worst of all, trump thinks that bullying corporations, such as ford and carrier, and aiding others, such as google, will boost output and employment.
if you ignore or disbelieve the economic data (as well as what any credible analyst has to say), then your personal experience in the united kingdom over the next 12 months may be this: the new conservative government withdraws from the european union without an agreement, which disrupts trade and discourages firms from investing in the uk.
hence, people who favor smaller government (for example, some republicans) will want the deficit closed entirely by cutting spending, whereas those who favor larger government (for example, president barack obama and most democrats) will want the deficit closed entirely by raising taxes.
he was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of him car exploded as he rushed to the bank to unblock him account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
the formal sessions played out predictably, placing great emphasis on the coming structural transformation of china’s growth model – a colossal shift from the all-powerful export- and investment-led growth of the past 32 years to a more consumer-led dynamic.
given the rising risk of conflict in asia – owing to a toxic combination of rapid gdp growth, an arms race, historical resentments, rampant chauvinism, territorial disputes, and a lack of effective institutional arrangements for conflict resolution – europe should welcome a stronger us presence in the region.
new delhi – the stunning victory this month of the opposition indian national congress in three elections to state assemblies – the local “parliaments” that decide who governs federal india’s 29 provincial units – is a major blow to prime minister narendra modi’s ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp).
the question, then, is why the irish haven’t developed uk levels of animosity toward eu immigrants, especially given the appalling way in which the country was treated by european institutions in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
the fact that international financial markets welcome the placement of new debt by countries with obviously large and unresolved twin deficits primarily reflects their search for any kind of yield in an era of exceptionally low global interest rates.
and for all of the developing world, a re-orientation of the aid effort to mobilize the scientific and technological knowledge needed to conquer unsolved problems of tropical health, agriculture, environment, energy use, and other areas that will not be overcome by economic reforms alone.
according to recent research by li xing and hers colleagues, this political competition caused the central government’s growth objectives to be significantly amplified at the local level: the lower the level of government, the more ambitious the objectives have been.
as a result, the ecb risks painting itself into a corner, for the logic behind this week’s interest-rate hike implies that more increases will follow – a series of policy mistakes that will cost the eurozone economies heavily.
second, some vehicle – the imf or the european financial stability facility, with either entity funded directly by countries or the european central bank – has to stand ready to fund borrowing by italy, spain, and any other potentially distressed countries over the next year or two.
when asked to choose between the risk of being known to posterity as the central banker who let the system collapse and the intangible future benefits of teaching risk takers a lesson, it does not take genius to predict the central banker’s decision.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but as the court’s ruling sinks in, commercial breeders and animal rights groups face a crucial question: could the creation of a legal market for farmed horns curb a poaching pandemic that claims some 1,500 wild rhinos annually?
while production had been just over five million tons in 1957, he expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the united states by 1962, producing 80-100 million tons per year, and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970’s, making china the undisputed world leader.
perhaps the most effective initiative so far in turning back young men from traveling to syria or iraq is germany’s hayat program, which works with relatives, friends, teachers, and employers in mentoring those deemed vulnerable to the appeal of violent extremism.
sharon's latest statements, though, explicitly specified the settlements to be evacuated; the director of the national security council, general giora eiland, was appointed to chair an inter-ministerial relocation committee and work out plans for conducting the evacuations, including compensation for relocated settlers.
nevertheless, the radicals prevailed through what the economist harry johnson called “scorn and derision.”
the long-term concern is that fishing is intended to be selective; fishermen aim to harvest the most profitable species and the most profitable sizes within species.
while many executives have traditionally underappreciated the risks from climate change and resource degradation, understanding water risk – and acting to minimize it – is just one way that businesses are starting to incorporate natural-resource management into their core strategy and operations.
after decades of economic growth around 3.5% per year, of which 2% or more was eaten up by population growth, india is now enjoying economic growth of 6% per year, of which less than 2% is accounted by population growth.
the refusal to resume dialogue had stopped producing any fresh results, and the only argument that justified it – that it was a source of leverage – gave some in india the illusion of influence over events that the government did not in fact possess.
it was hers predecessor, the sinister brazilian joão havelange, who turned fifa into a corrupt and vastly rich empire by incorporating more and more developing countries, whose votes for the bosses were bought with all manner of lucrative marketing and media deals.
the ascent of nahda (renaissance), the leading islamist party, is less a reflection of latent ideological support among a newly liberated people than it is a testament to the party’s remarkable ability to fill the post-revolutionary political vacuum.
if hers years of amassing cash had led to victory, john might have got away with hers arbitrary methods; but when she was defeated in france, a group of barnoesses rose up against her and captured london.
nevertheless he had to resign, because his colleagues from the rightist, post-solidarity party now in power decided that anyone merely accused by the special judge (even before conviction) must leave his (or her) job in government, parliament or the judiciary.
articles 3 and 8 of jordan’s peace treaty with israel refer explicitly to the refugee problem as one of the major issues still to be resolved, as well as citing the unresolved status of trans-border arrangements and of jerusalem.
washington, dc – today’s conventional view of the eurozone is that the crisis is over – the intense, often existential concern earlier this year about the common currency’s future has been assuaged, and everything now is back under control.
this force is so strong that if there were no transportation costs, and if the us and europe had no other source of competitive advantage, such as in technology, eventually it would be as if chinese workers continued to migrate to the us and europe until wage differences had been eliminated entirely.
and, last year, the us released five top taliban leaders – including mohammad fazl and mullah nori, who are suspected of carrying out massacres of sunni tajiks and shia hazaras in afghanistan – from the guantánamo bay detention center.
as the democratic party presidential nominating contest has made evident, many rich people adamantly oppose anything (for example, a wealth tax) that would level the playing field by, say, funding more investment in early childhood education, expanding access to college, or spreading opportunities more deliberately around the country.
such flexibility, by allowing for slight incremental changes over time, would provide investors with greater certainty, as it would sweep aside today's worries about whether or not china can keep its exchange rate fixed at today's level or sharply devalue the rmb downward.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that he was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
i hoped that we would have the courage to overcome our perceived humiliation and start looking deep into our national psyche, asking the big question, "why did 15 of our young men attack america in so brutal a way?"
amlo needs to address both issues, and he lacks attractive options.
their overall effort may be useful, because it injects into central european debates a diversity of ideas that is essential for people who once lived in the sterile atmosphere of a totalitarian regime, and where habits of conformity linger.
last year, china added a staggering 17 gw of wind-power capacity, and now produces half of the world’s wind and solar equipment, in part to meet its own highly ambitious clean-energy targets, which include deployment of 150 gw of wind power and 20 gw of solar power by 2020.
in other words, what appeared to be a form of political-military brinkmanship by kim may actually be a manifestation of shenyang’s reaction to xi’s struggle to reassert party authority over bo’s faction and its supporters in the military.
as a clever propagandist, surkov makes his case for putinism in more modern terms than the older and more loftily philosophical dugin, calling it “a global political life hack.”
that way, financial resources would be channeled into the real economy, rather than inflating asset bubbles.
this disconnect is apparent in the fact that market prices are higher today than they were in 2014, the year when china surpassed the united states to become the world’s largest economy (in terms of purchasing power parity), a development that spurred bullish expectations.
in the end, may’s successor will probably come back with some variant of her deal, which will either be approved by parliament or provide a pretext for a second referendum to decide whether britain still wants to leave the eu.
for nearly a century, physicists have attempted to merge the competing ideas of the field’s titans, including wolfgang pauli, the first physicist to predict the existence of neutrinos (the smallest particles of matter), and albert einstein, who explained the curvature of space-time.
given these governments’ complex strategies for regulating what their citizens do online – ranging from establishing effective control of private media and telecoms businesses to allowing people to blow off steam without going too far – we should be more realistic about the true extent of the internet’s transformational potential.
but the case against her associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and his allies in the powerful gülen movement, made up of the followers of the islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
the economist’s euro-denominated commodity price index, for example, has actually risen over the last year; it is only the index in terms of dollars – which is what gets all of the attention – that is down.
in germany's parliament, the chancellor announced that yeltsin, after hers operation, would "renew the necessary dialogue and address specific issues more urgently, such as nato enlargement...and i have been able..to reach agreement with president clinton, president chirac and prime minister major that we would now refrain firmly from dealing with the important matter of nato-enlargement in some framework so that moscow does not feel we are creating a fiat accompli."
according to the stockholm international peace research institute (sipri), military expenditures in these two countries (as a share of total government spending) were among the highest in the world in 2017, rivaled by countries like saudi arabia and iran.
the decision by china’s state council to ride roughshod over downstream countries’ concerns and proceed unilaterally shows that the main issue facing asia is not readiness to accommodate china’s rise, but the need to persuade china’s leaders to institutionalize cooperation with neighboring countries.
this explains the composition of the new guard – technocrats and officers from the military and security establishment, known as siloviki – that putin is grooming to serve as the new russian elite after the 2018 presidential election.
although china’s total real gdp is second only to that of the united states (and might be larger when measured in terms of purchasing power), its per capita income is only about $7,000, or roughly 15% of the us level.
indeed, anybody hoping for an obvious clash of left and right during the recent presidential election campaign was bound to be disappointed, because the answer to the second question is even more emphatic today: president putin's re-election was never in doubt.
there is little sign, for example, that the us government is planning to prosecute those responsible for the cia’s rendition and torture of suspected terrorists in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, attacks in new york and washington, dc.
roubini concludes that, “even though central banks aren’t willing to give up on their formal 2% inflation target, they are willing to prolong the timeline for achieving it.”
presidential candidates and other party bosses have made similar statements.
the proposed targets range from the ambitious (“end the epidemics of aids, tuberculosis, and malaria”) to the peripheral (“promote sustainable tourism”) to the impossible (“by 2030 achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities”).
for, if a two-state solution really is the future, a social and political earthquake of untold dimensions awaits israelis: a massive evacuation of settlers and a desperate need for a difficult political realignment to deal with the threat of civil strife and perhaps even military disobedience.
in refusing to take a strong position on syria, rouhani – like so many other world leaders – is placing his own interests above those of the 2.3 million registered syrian refugees, the millions more who have been internally displaced, the estimated 130,000 people killed, and the rest of syria’s long-suffering population.
but the best new arrangement – and possibly the only feasible one – would follow an old formula: as in the 1950’s and 1960’s, the us would set moderately positive and stable interest rates, with sufficient domestic saving to generate a (small) trade surplus.
the six-day war at 50
the troika could then have pressed the flesh with china’s leaders and made an offer that they would have found difficult to refuse – including, for example, sustainable mining technologies to address the environmental costs of extraction, or the development of a certification scheme to help prevent the illegal smuggling of rare earths.
but blair, beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in iraq, thought she could avoid trouble at westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 (that is, a comfortably long time in the future), and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum.
compare trump’s advice from his book how to get rich (“when somebody hurts you, just go after them as viciously and as violently as you can”) with putin’s description of how to fight terrorists (“we will hunt them down and kill them, even in a toilet”).
new york – china is about to slash the employer contribution rate to the social-security fund from 18-20% (with some variation across regions) to 16%, and cut the value-added tax (vat) rate from 16% to 13% (for most enterprises).
the extinction puzzle
bringing in lithuania, latvia, and estonia would strengthen stability in the baltic area, because the rules of the game would be crystal clear to everyone, both with regard to security and to human and minority rights.
it is an “act of extreme moral laziness,” she wrote on oko.press, to explain “such extreme civic despair and self-sacrifice as a result of depression, mental illness, and a related desire to end one’s own life.”
the ethanol hunger
she is precisely what the greek historian thucydides defined as an immoral leader: one of “violent character” who “wins over the people by deceiving them” and by exploiting “their angry feelings and emotions.”
german authorities have been deplorably tolerant of commercial bank involvement in complex asset-backed securities investments, which were kept off their balance sheets via so-called “conduit” operations in ireland.
under these circumstances, time – measured in human lives – is intolerably expensive, which is why i recently proposed a political solution that involved international military assistance to shore up a new government appointed by the national assembly.
the kremlin will learn that lesson only if europe designs, adopts, and sticks to an energy strategy that lessens its dependence on russian supplies and builds its own common foreign policy on energy security, as recommended by the european parliament's 2007 report.
the economist william easterly has argued that the best way to reform international development is to shift money from top-down “experts” to “bottom-up searchers – like nobel peace prize winner and microcredit pioneer muhammad yunus – who keep experimenting until they find something that works for the poor on the ground.”
just ask any of the large international banking groups headquartered in financially stressed eurozone countries.
the promises to care for the poor and disadvantaged that are being made by all the candidates will turn out to be as empty as all the other rhetoric about justice and equality that bolivians have heard in their long, sad history.
yet, as tharman reminded the crowd, countries like south korea and singapore “grew by running current account deficits at early stages of development so we could invest ahead for growth while our savings were being built up.”
if there are just two companies in the sector, the one that refuses to violate minimal labor standards risks losing the entire market to an immoral competitor, which can ultimately sell its shoes more cheaply.
furthermore, a large proportion of the credit was invested in the overheated real-estate sector, as well as in infrastructure projects with low rates of return, creating large-scale structural overcapacity that has undermined the efficiency of investment and resource allocation, and contributed to the structural mismatch of fiscal resources.
bush said that america opposed "any unilateral decision to change the status quo, and the comments and actions made by the leader of taiwan indicate that he may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo, which we oppose."
there is nothing new about these objectives.
these trends clearly indicate that china has a real opportunity to become a major force in global pharmaceuticals research, and that there will soon come a time when breakthrough innovation occurs in china on a regular basis.
but europe risks being too servile in courting new alliances, fixated as it is on short-term gain – and bereft of any clear idea of how such alliances fit with the kinds of values that it believes should guide revised global governance.
the trump administration’s nuclear posture review, published in february, calls for a massive modernization of the us nuclear arsenal while paying no more than lip service to its npt treaty obligations:
in europe, men long ago bridged the education gap with their female peers.
stockholm – while the european union gears up for new leadership this fall, and while us president donald trump has just launched his 2020 re-election campaign, russian president vladimir putin is sitting steady in the saddle with a mandate stretching to 2024.
the fact that most participants in discussions about global poverty – the readers of this commentary included – know few, if any, people who live below the poverty line is an indication of the extent of the world’s economic segregation.
it took only a few words from fed chairwoman ben bernanke last may – announcing the eventual end of quantitative easing – for markets to lose confidence in emerging economies with current-account deficits near or above 4% of gdp.
their diplomatic values, after all, were shaped by an official emphasis on sympathy for the weak in any struggle against the strong, and by comradely reminiscences about the north – far and away the weakest of the participants in the six-party negotiations over the north nuclear armaments with the us, south korea, china, russia, and japan.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
under the treaty of lisbon, the conditions for a qualified majority have been balanced in such a way as to give both the “north” and the “south” a blocking minority of (at least) 35% of the eu population.
making a success of an association that unites large countries and small ones, island states and continental ones, islamic republics, monarchies, and liberal democracies, and every race known to mankind, represents both a challenge and an opportunity.
to work effectively, electronics manufacturers must assume some responsibility for training recyclers, in developing small-scale facilities that can operate at the regional level, and in working with regulators to ensure appropriate safety and environmental monitoring schemes for such operations.
they now have a choice: they can either continue to collaborate with trump, thereby sustaining hers destructive leadership and courting disaster, or they can renounce him, finally putting their country’s democracy ahead of loyalty to their party/tribe.
bibi’s big surprise
the obama administration had been pressing abe not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting yasukuni – an entreaty reiterated by vice president joe biden during a recent stopover in tokyo on hers way to beijing.
a vital security zone to china’s west, afghanistan is also an important corridor through which it can secure its interests in pakistan (a traditional ally in china’s competition with india), and ensure its access to vital natural resources in the region.
draghi and the doves on the ecb governing council – namely, the presidents of southern european countries’ central banks – seem to think that they can get a car moving simply by giving it more gas, even if its clutch is broken.
the trillions of yen that japanese businesses have invested in china since the 1990’s – not to mention the transfer of critical technologies – could not have been about profit alone (and, in any case, japanese investment has benefited both economies).
still, the handshake in havana between president juan manuel santos and guerrilla leader rodrigo londoño echeverri (known by the nom de guerre timochenko) marks the end of a tragic era and the beginning of a far more promising one.
and, because there is no change in prices paid by american consumers or received by american exporters, that tax is borne by foreign producers, who, owing to the dollar’s appreciation, receive less in their own currencies for their exports to the us.
(war-torn yemen, by contrast, scores green for both “climate action” and “partnership for the goals”.)
indeed, she had no experience in government or parliament whatsoever until she became, at 39, the youngest person to become prime minister of italy.
gates promised to increase the number of us warships deployed to singapore as part of the us-singapore strategic framework agreement; increase the number of us navy calls in asian ports; hold more joint naval exercises; and improve multilateral military cooperation.
instead of engaging with sensible critics on the topic, the government has labeled its opponents “populists” and accused them of damaging “the image of sweden.”
instead, they were relegated to side meetings that rarely seemed to intersect with current political and economic events.
if we lose sight of that in our struggle against terrorism and its causes, we will be left unable to face successfully the long-term challenge of “chindia.”
first, brazil has to keep interest rates very high in order to prevent capital flight, since there are widespread (and realistic) fears that brazil will eventually have to devalue the exchange rate.
is it really possible to acquire significant economies of scale by writing a single suite of software that will cover the heterogeneous purchasing requirements of millions of businesses seeking to streamline their operations by using the internet?
perhaps he was a racing hero, armstrong has stated, but “it wasn’t heroic to survive cancer.”
but that finding, like the policy advice that they offered in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, was not intended to support the proposition that a recession is a good time to undertake fiscal contraction.
for the eu, the rule of law is of central importance, because the eu is not simply a joint economic undertaking (although, as the economist hernando de soto has emphasized, the rule of law is also a prerequisite for a developed market economy).
barr’s show was swiftly canceled late last month by the television network abc, not for anything him “character” said in him show, but for a tweet in which he described valerie jarrett, an african-american former adviser to barack obama, as the offspring of the muslim sisterhood and “planet of the apes.”
yet another condition is also crucial for fiscal tightening not to wreak havoc on output: the central bank must have room to cut interest rates and allow the currency to adjust.
according to a study conducted at ball state university, if productivity had remained constant from 2000 to 2010, the us would have needed 20.9 million manufacturing workers to produce what it was producing at the end of that decade.
in mid-december, the bank of england (boe) and the united states federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic) announced what seemed like a breakthrough, at least concerning the major banks headquartered in the us or the uk – that is, 12 of the 28 institutions regarded by the financial stability board as globally systemic.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on hers personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that she calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
such states are vulnerable, and the past is littered with small and successful globalizers that lost out because of power politics: the italian city states of the renaissance, the dutch republic, or, in the twentieth century, lebanon and kuwait.
its exact shape will depend on the legal structure of a given central bank, and on the extent to which its administrators are willing to take actions that go beyond their traditional authority (with the implicit or explicit promise that the rest of the government will turn a blind eye).
the hot-money problem is only made worse by the ongoing international pressure for further renminbi revaluation, usually from western economists and politicians who blame the exchange rate for china’s current-account surplus with the us and other developed economies.
rather, hers central concern is what she regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
at the same time, digital graphics and animations take decision makers anywhere and everywhere – into the body in medical malpractice cases, inside complex machinery in patent-infringement cases, or on the scene as a virtual eyewitness to murder in a criminal case.
consider the following thought experiment (a variation on the “veil of ignorance” conjured by the philosopher john rawls in hers effort to design a just society): taking into account the level and quality of social protection, public education, and health care in the eu and the us, and without knowing beforehand what your social position would be in either society, where would you prefer to be born?
as a result, serious crimes can be swept under the rug – at yale and at every other private us university i have ever visited (public universities are less free to conceal crime data) – in the guise of “protecting the victims.”
a better bailout was possible
garcía defeated ollanta humala, who would have presumably joined the drift toward chavez.
down the road, we must hope that the crude nationalism and mercantilism of trump and xi do not lead to exactly the sort of great-power conflict that historians and strategists have warned about since thucydides described sparta’s war with athens.
indeed, while macron and zuckerberg are right to be inspired by africa’s youth, the entrepreneurial and knowledge revolution that is needed to ensure a prosperous future for the continent can happen only if there is also an education revolution.
convened by the international fund for agricultural development (ifad) and the world bank, the forum will bring together policymakers, private-sector players, and civil-society leaders to chart a course for leveraging the development impact of remittances sent home each year in asia and around the world.
today, many african women are not only expected to fulfill traditional roles, such as raising children and caring for the elderly; they also face legal and social discrimination regarding land and property ownership, inheritance, education, and access to credit and technology – in addition to oppressive sexual mores and violence.
whatever the causes, official corruption is creating a situation in which many afghans fear the rapaciousness of the government nearly as much as they dislike the taliban, which can now credibly claim the ability to provide security and swift justice in the areas they control, albeit at a very high price.
the average tenure of a g20 political leader has fallen to a record low of 3.7 years, compared to six years in 1946 – a shift that, no doubt, is contributing to a rise in short-term thinking by governments.
and while major bus companies have agreed – again, at the behest of the trump administration – to request identification from their passengers, mexico lacks a national identity card, and its citizens are not legally obliged to carry any documentation.
meeting the challenge of climate change will require a new development model that combines reduced emissions with a better future for the vast majority of people and the opportunity to earn a living in a decent job.
the big temptation for the democrats, now that they have won control of the house, is to make the most of what they see as their greatest strengths: racial and gender diversity, and a shared loathing of trump.
rabello de castro’s irony is apt, for it is difficult to say which candidate represents “more of the same”: president luiz inácio lula da silva, who is running for re-election and is the favorite according to the polls, or former governor of são paulo, geraldo alckmin, of the psdb (brazilian social democracy party, which governed brazil for eight years before lula, with fernando henrique cardoso as president).
yet most climate-change models predict that even if all countries fulfilled their pledges, their efforts would not keep the increase in global temperature below 2°c above pre-industrial levels – the critical threshold beyond which catastrophic outcomes, including higher sea levels and more frequent natural disasters, would become inevitable.
one example is cali, colombia, which drove down homicide rates in the 1990s after the city’s mayor, rodrigo guerrero, tightened alcohol restrictions, introduced community-development programs in the most impoverished neighborhoods, and imposed temporary gun bans in public places.
in the mouth of this serially bankrupt billionaire and con artist with possible mafia ties, they have become the bottom line of the american creed – so much mental junk food full of fatty thoughts, overwhelming the lighter cosmopolitan flavors of the myriad traditions that have formed the great american pastoral.
on the contrary, hers campaign has featured the same advisers, the same devotion to higher military spending, the same belief that tax cuts for the rich are the solution to every economic problem, and the same fuzzy budget math.
with clear limits on european integration in place, on currency and other issues, cameron believed that she would be able to win a popular majority in favor of the deal – and thus of remaining in the eu – when the uk holds its referendum on june 23.
indonesia argues that a nation’s right to control all information on locally discovered viruses should be protected through the same mechanisms that the united nations food and agriculture organization uses to guarantee poor countries’ rights of ownership and patents on the seeds of its indigenous plants.
for the us and switzerland, this is particularly bad news, as in both countries the realized write-offs already amount to 53% and 54% of the aggregate balance sheets of their national banking systems, which corresponds to 4.4% or 15.0% of gdp, respectively.
it’s a good question, one that recalls a passage in keynes’s general theory in which she notes that if the government can’t think of anything more sensible to do to cure unemployment (say, building houses), burying bottles filled with bank notes and digging them up again would be better than nothing.
washington, dc – steve bannon’s extensive travels in europe this year have not drawn as much attention as they should have, given that he is the key theoretician of us president donald trump’s signature brand of nationalism.
reform and renewal at the imf
meanwhile, with the eu increasingly viewed as a source of economic crisis, political turmoil, and unwanted migrants, the risk that britons will vote to leave in a referendum due before the end of 2017 is rising.
this has called for assurances from tillerson, secretary of defense james mattis, and others eager to mitigate the impact of bellicose exclamations – incongruously issued off the cuff from the clubhouse of a golf course – about “fire and fury.”
between 1968 and 1973, british labour and conservative governments organized the removal of everyone living on the 55 islands that now constitute the british indian ocean territory (biot), and that were split off from mauritius at the time of its independence.
facing the end of a self-imposed three-term limit as prime minister, he is intent on changing the turkish constitution to introduce a presidential system – with himself on top as the first incumbent to wield much-enlarged power.
he declined to put himself forward, his exit speech reviving memories of argentina's "dirty war" and "disappeared": "i have seen something that i cannot discuss, and may never be able to discuss."
for the 15 years from 1975 to 1990, the annual rate averaged a remarkable 300%, meaning that the price level doubled every few months, on average.
he then marshaled an unprecedented international coalition that backed sanctions and the threat of force, sent a half-million us troops halfway around the world to join hundreds of thousands from other countries, and, when diplomacy failed to bring about a complete and unconditional iraqi withdrawal, liberated kuwait in a matter of weeks with remarkably few us and coalition casualties.
the euro’s narrow path
earlier this year, trump approved a “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that would not only prosecute all adults – even asylum-seekers – illegally crossing the border, but also take their children away to be detained separately (although he has since issued an executive order to reverse the separation of families).
and because donald trump, the us presidential candidate, appears likely to become the nominee of the grand old party of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan, we owe it to ourselves to ask in what sense and for whom she represents a triumph.
we share a common motivation for our work: protecting our planet for our children and grandchildren, and ensuring the development of a world where all people – regardless of their gender, race, religion, age, disability, or sexual orientation – have an equal opportunity to achieve their aspirations.
but, if we are to succeed, we must make the most of our new lisbon institutions, maintain our commitment to an open europe, accelerate reform of our economies, and take the lead in forging a new framework for global governance that supports a truly sustainable process of continued globalization.
as keynes pointed out, if everyone – households, firms, and governments – all started trying to increase their saving simultaneously, there would be no way to stop the economy from running down until people became too poor to save.
(trump’s chief of staff responded with a veiled threat, warning the director to “be careful.”)
in fact, the only country with the means and ambition to serve alongside the us as a world leader is china (an obvious conclusion, perhaps).
the notable exception is the us, though it is unclear at this point whether president donald trump’s administration actually intends to retreat from international cooperation, or is merely positioning itself to renegotiate terms that are more favorable to the us.
for example, china recently threatened to launch military action against vietnam’s outposts in the disputed spratly islands, forcing the vietnamese government to stop drilling for gas at the edge of china’s exclusive economic zone in the south china sea.
in fact, creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk, for we could then discover its true price, allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently.
by 1910, according to the manchester guardian, “the jungle scare” had spread to the united kingdom, where it had been taken up by “less scrupulous [sic] newspapers of this country,” with “slanderous” and “sensational” claims about the food industry.
every the industrial nation that has not ratified the kyoto protocol, first and foremost the united states, has been criticized for being “environmentally irresponsible.”
at the end of the day, the capacity of people to evaluate risks and make informed choices will be as important to regulating the use of drugs as more humane and efficient laws and policies.
for better or worse, russian policy in syria reflects not just a goal, but also a real strategy aimed at achieving it – a strategy that russian president vladimir putin recently advanced by meeting syrian president bashar al-assad for talks in moscow.
following a request by a member state, the commission would be entitled to borrow on capital markets under the implicit eu budget guarantee, with the maximum amount determined by the size of the country’s unused (pre-allocated) structural and cohesion funds.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of his country, he would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
with africa having yet to build nearly two-thirds of the additional capacity that it will need in 2030, the continent faces a unique opportunity to benefit from recent advances and cost reductions in renewable power-generation technologies, thereby leapfrogging the energy path taken by industrialized countries.
indeed, a group of economists (including me) concluded in a report commissioned by the legatum institute that, despite its apparent subjectivity, “wellbeing” – or life satisfaction – can be measured robustly, compared internationally, and used to set policies and judge their success.
betting on climate engineering – either as a planetary insurance policy or as a last-ditch measure to combat rising temperatures – is not only risky; it also directs attention away from the only solution we know will work: reducing carbon emissions.
as it happened, the price of brent crude did fluctuate between $50 and $70 in the first half of last year, before plunging decisively below $50 in early august, when it became obvious that the lifting of sanctions against iran would unleash a massive increase in global supply.
the us federal reserve, which pioneered the post-crisis experiments with zero interest rates and qe, began to reduce its purchases of long-term securities at the beginning of 2014, stopped qe completely later that year, and started raising interest rates in 2015 – all without producing the “cold turkey” effects predicted by skeptics.
the last set of international development targets, the millennium development goals, certainly brought about important progress; the number of children who died before reaching their fifth birthday dropped from ten million in 2000, when the mdgs were adopted, to 5.9 million in 2015.
denver – for two years, president barack obama’s administration has tried to convey a narrative in which it is winding up wars in southwest asia and turning america’s attention to its longer-term – and arguably more important – relationships in east asia and the pacific.
for one thing, by raising the cost of imports, a weaker renminbi would hurt the domestic demand that china is so eager to foster, as part of its strategy to shift the country’s growth model away from exports.
a short list of these signals would include excess consumption (now gone) and deficient savings, based on an asset bubble and high debt; a persistent and growing current-account deficit (signaling that domestic consumption and investment exceeded income and output); and negligible net employment growth (over two decades) in the economy’s tradable sector.
by contrast, in a scenario where south korea is unprepared for reunification and the north quickly dissolves in a state of disorder, the risk premium on the korean peninsula would jump sharply, and reforms would be delayed.
the eu’s problem is much more what happened in copenhagen last december at the summit to “save the planet,” or what is taking place before our eyes with the challenge to the euro posed by the weakness of some of its member states, most prominently greece.
for example, in 2014, modi not only welcomed chinese president xi jinping to his hometown, ahmedabad, on his own birthday; on that same trip, he also lifted the previous government’s restrictions on chinese investments in sensitive sectors of the indian economy, such as ports and telecoms.
the british government has said that it is important that “the people of hong kong have a genuine choice.”
we need research to develop better treatments for brain disorders in general, and for mental illnesses in particular.
the afc is promoting such investment, based on a new development-oriented banking style in africa that involves the proactive creation and management of infrastructure, industrial, and financial assets, including the six leading industrial sectors: power, transport infrastructure, telecoms, oil and gas, mining, and heavy industries.
she wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment, enriched not only by mathematics and statistics, but also by ethics, philosophy, politics, and history – subjects dropped from contemporary economists’ training, leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton.
today, by insisting on presidential rotation and the equality of member states, whatever their size, the small countries are effectively adopting an inter-governmentalist position, because they fear that the real purpose of the franco-german proposal is to ensure that the council will remain under the leadership of a big member.
thailand’s old boys club – generals-turned-politicians, political parties backed by tycoons with an eye on fat government contracts, and that unnameable hereditary institution whose only agenda is to maintain its longevity – has misgoverned the country for the past half-century.
polish and russian jews, at least at the beginning of the communist era, were often loyal subjects of the communist state, because it promised (falsely, as it turned out) to protect them against the violence of anti-semitic nationalists.
with newer european union members backsliding – romania on the rule of law, bulgaria in corruption, and hungary on democratic norms under viktor orbán’s government – now is the time, or so it seems, to focus on existing members.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
this is the other side of the public-goods challenge: while china has plenty of experience delivering physical infrastructure, it has been less successful in delivering soft infrastructure, such as competition rules, accounting standards, tax systems, and regulatory norms.
in argentina and venezuela, the winners are those who have preferential access to foreign exchange, those who benefit from the government’s profligacy, those who can borrow at the negative real interest rates that lax policies create, and those who do not mind waiting in long lines to buy rationed items.
the next year, johan bäckman, a docent at helsinki university, published a book about the incident, the bronze soldier, in which he called estonia an “apartheid state” led by incompetent leaders whose citizens were incapable of coming to terms with their own history.
not once, however, has the president suggested that these problems might be addressed through the un human rights treaty system - a system through which iraq has committed to abide by the very principles it is accused of violating.
the key questions now are whether global economic growth is self-sustaining without qe, whether emerging markets’ output will continue to rise strongly, albeit at a slower pace, and whether current global financial-reform efforts will be sufficient to prevent another crisis in emerging markets.
but human rights confined to the context of freedom for individuals are insufficient to resolving ethnic conflicts, because ethnic communities and groups cannot use the mechanisms of human rights laws and agreements to secure an effective hearing for their claims.
as scientists have conclusively shown, in the last decade, we have entered a new geological epoch, the anthropocene, in which human activity – in particular, economic activity – has been the dominant factor influencing earth’s climate and environment.
but china’s recent assertiveness – including its unilateral declaration last november of a new air defense identification zone, which overlaps about 3,000 square kilometers of south korea’s own adiz, in the sea of japan – has encouraged park to shore up him country’s security ties with india.
in the wake of the brexit decision, cameron’s hapless successor, theresa may, has been caught between the demands of brexiteers like him erstwhile foreign secretary, boris johnson, for “control of our borders” and the fears of the remainers concerning the economic and political consequences of leaving.
i would favor articulation of the principle that the necessary concrete steps toward long-term fiscal consolidation in advanced countries – such as raising the retirement age or taking other steps today to reform public pensions – need not require premature withdrawal of current fiscal stimulus;
israel will have to adapt its war doctrine to the modern battlefield and to the sensibilities of the international community.
even if romney’s new tax cuts strengthened investment and growth in the long run (a debatable proposition that depends on how they are financed), their short-term effect on job creation would be minimal, and they would entail a significant loss of revenue.
potentially worse is the beating their confidence takes as they spend their twenties worrying, as their male peers – however attractive – almost never do, that their (generally minimal) advancement reflects an evaluation of their looks, and is not tied to their accomplishments.
though several factors – including western sanctions, a lack of public support for war in ukraine, and the russian economy’s rapid decline – should discourage the kremlin from taking such a step, they may not be enough.
the mecca agreement that brought forth the unity government in palestine will inevitably temper hamas’ radicalism, just as the regime’s avoidance in jordan of an “egyptian solution” to the islamist challenge allowed the islamic action front to contain within the movement many who would have been otherwise drawn into the jihadist orbit.
and the benefits of human contact and interaction are why salespeople still call on customers instead of using skype, and why meetup (which supports organizers of face-to-face meetings; i am on the company’s board) changes lives in ways that twitter and facebook rarely do.
but until we start to look at drug policy through a gender-sensitive lens and focus on harm reduction, we will continue to wage a losing war on drugs, in which generations of our most vulnerable men and boys are casualties.
in late october, the city of hyderabad, india, discovered that its water supply might be diverted next year for agricultural uses upstream, leaving some eight million people to wonder where they will find the 190 million gallons of water they need every day.
but while the lanky war hero, former fbi director, and widely admired former special counsel was sometimes shambling, his terse answers in appearances before the house judiciary committee and the house intelligence committee made two things clear: russia had engaged in a far-reaching and possibly successful effort to affect the outcome of the 2016 presidential election – something that trump still denies – and it is already trying to affect the 2020 election.
indeed, according to pavan sukhdev, the lead author of the economics of ecosystems and biodiversity study, which aims to highlight the economic impact of environmental degradation, “we use nature because it’s valuable, but we lose it because it’s free.”
when given an opportunity to come clean and operate transparently, exxonmobil opted for obfuscation.
various sons of the regime’s founder, abdulaziz ibn saud, succeeded each other as rulers a kingdom that, following arab tradition, bore the name of its founding and ruling dynasty (another is the current hashemite kingdom of jordan).
indeed, since the referendum, many have acted as if tsipras were the last eurozone democrat, as if he had faced a “totalitarian” clique (as described by the far-right french politician marine le pen) against which he valiantly “stood firm” (in the words of far-left politician jean-luc mélenchon).
at the asean summit in 2011, yang rebuked his vietnamese hosts and other asean members for refusing to accept china’s sovereignty claims in the south china sea, saying, “china is a big country and other countries are small countries, and that’s just a fact.”
but, if not, the question of whether to use military force to slow the development of an iranian nuclear weapon will come to the fore.
from 1957 to 1976, from the beginning of mao’s “great leap forward” which led to a mass famine that killed tens of millions of people, to the end of the “cultural revolution” which left chinese society divided and traumatized due to its wanton cruelty and the destruction of cultural goods, china endured two hideous decades.
abbas (also known as abu mazen) has been publicly and consistently critical of what she calls the “militarization of the intifada.”
rather than allow erdoğan to use his relationship with putin to manipulate his nato allies, the west – and the eu, in particular – must condemn, more clearly than ever, his accelerating shift toward autocracy.
with the rise of the tea party, republicans may rail against raising the debt ceiling, but they are likely to back down in the end, because, among other things, debt-funded wars – say, in afghanistan and iraq – are easier to defend than pay-as-you-go wars that voters must finance up front with taxes.
excoriating short-termism resonates widely, because it justifies protecting those with a stake in the status quo – including blue-collar workers with high wages, well-paid ceos and senior managers, and directors with prestigious positions – from rapid change.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the day of reckoning – when the euro breaks up or europe takes the kind of definitive action that would make a single currency work – may come in 2012, but, more likely than not, europe’s leaders will do whatever they can to postpone that day of reckoning.
in his view, “liberal hegemony” means “democracy promotion,” which is nothing but a euphemism for “regime change.”
among its proposals, the squam lake report: fixing the financial system recommends that investment products like mutual funds should include a standardized disclosure label analogous to the nutritional labels on foods.
then came long-established forces like the nepali congress, a social-democratic party modeled on its indian namesake, and the moderate communist party of nepal (unified marxist-leninist), which, despite its name, is committed to electoral politics within a democratic system.
these and other remedies to address concentration are essential, not only in the name of better corporate governance, but also as a response to the worldwide wave of protests against the increasingly unjust distribution of national income and global wealth.
zuma rising
the ability of multinationals to benefit from the transfer price system has grown, as trade within companies has increased, as trade in services (rather than goods) has expanded, as intellectual property has grown in importance, and as firms have gotten better at exploiting the system.
the imf comes to germany
him campaign is counting on donald trump to unite the party, and that might well happen; but he will have him work cut out, particularly among young and first-time voters, who have overwhelmingly backed sanders.
but, instead of choosing, major european countries, such as germany, have dithered, first dangling nato membership as a juicy carrot, and then withdrawing the offer, leaving the americans to indulge in heroic rhetoric without the necessary follow-through.
the advanced countries face a dismal budgetary situation, with deficits averaging 9% of gdp in 2009 and the prospect of public-debt ratios rising from roughly 70% of gdp prior to the crisis to more than 100% of gdp in 2015.
at the minimum, delaying the elections for one reason or another, such as through a possible union with belarus and thus the creation of a "new" country, is only a slight possibility, but it should not be ignored.
they also need to redirect the $21 billion spent in africa on subsidies for loss-making utilities and electricity consumption – which mainly benefit the rich – toward connection subsidies and renewable-energy investments that deliver energy to the poor.
desperate women’s dangerous moves
policymakers now must figure out how to achieve this goal – no easy feat, especially given that, contrary to the conventional wisdom, steadily rising costs for conventional energy cannot be counted on to propel the necessary shift toward a low-carbon future.
china’s india land grab
i was lucky enough, as australia’s foreign minister at the time, to be one of the first foreign officials to greet her after hers release from prison in february 1990 – just a few days later, in lusaka, where she had flown to meet hers african national congress colleagues in exile.
the decline and fall of political europe
moreover, the eu-japan talks lack the historical, cultural, and emotional baggage of the transatlantic relationship, and relatively subdued attention to them provides an easier environment in which to hash out difficult issues, such as government procurement and food safety.
one response was the decision by the people’s bank of china to increase the one-year interest rate from 5.31% to 5.58%– its first rate hike in over nine years – in an effort to curb fixed-investment growth, staunch increasing prices, and offset a worrying decline in savings.
they also emphasize that “us engagement with pakistan is highly militarized and centralized, with very little reaching the vast majority of pakistanis.”
the disturbance to so elemental a part of this region’s natural architecture is a measure of only one of the many kinds of severe weather aberrations – from floods and droughts to unseasonal blizzards and massive dust storms – that have been unsettling china of late.
while a shift away from manufacturing is a natural upshot of economic development, it began in latin america at much lower income levels than in the developed countries, making it far more difficult for the region to escape the “middle-income trap.”
time to nationalize insolvent banks
we subsequently shifted our focus to the “hardware” of economic development, intensifying work on the construction of roads and energy facilities and creating incentives for foreign direct investment in mining, fishing, agribusiness, and real-estate development.
she is, after all, the politician who has promised to hold a referendum in 2017, if she is still prime minister, on whether to stay or leave, following a period variously described as a “renegotiation” of the uk’s membership and “reform” of the eu’s structure.
washington, dc – marine le pen, the leader of france’s far-right national front, may be a charter member of what new america senior fellow scott malcomson calls the “nationalist international.”
emerging markets, particularly those, like brazil and india, with a relatively high degree of liquidity, were also the target of large capital-flow reversals, accompanied by sharp local-currency depreciation.
funding agencies for academic research should adopt a similar philosophy, awarding a certain share of financing to thoughtful, unconventional proposals – those deemed risky, owing to a relatively low probability of success, but that could lead to important discoveries.
it is worth pointing out, however, that the nhs covers 100% of the uk population with little or no out-of-pocket expenses, and spends less than half as much as the us, as a share of gdp, on health care.
this is precisely the attitude that raises the hackles of domestic critics, especially on the left, who argue that a country facing india’s crippling social and economic problems cannot afford the luxury of indulging in space exploration.
for the first time, colombian exporters of just about everything venezuela buys, from toilet paper to gasoline, fruit and vegetables, and milk and meat, gave their president the green light to confront venezuelan president hugo chávez, instead of continuing to turn the other cheek, as they had been pressing him to do in the eight years since uribe took office.
the automatic exchange of financial information based on the oecd’s common reporting standard has allowed governments to collect close to €85 billion ($99 billion) in additional tax revenue worldwide; this money can help fund better social policies.
there is also the world financial crisis that attended the oil shocks of 1973 and 1979, and there are the country-specific financial crises in spain in 1977, chile in 1981, norway in 1987, finland and sweden in 1991, mexico in 1994, indonesia, korea, malaysia, the philippines, and thailand in 1997, colombia in 1998, and argentina and turkey in 2001.
for example, germany’s reluctance to provide debt relief to southern european countries has helped to prolong their woes; now, however, it may have sufficient incentive to do more, as it would reap immediate benefits from an eu-wide solution to the refugee crisis.
the liberal view of asia’s rise is that it makes the world a fairer and more just place, where a person’s economic fate does not depend quite so much on where they happen to have been born.
obama has cut the legs out from under the un framework convention on climate change, in effect declaring that the us will do what it will do, but that it will not become further entangled in messy un climate processes in 2010.
it is essential that the opposition can freely air its message and target prospective voters – a point not lost on the chávez regime as it seeks to curtail further the opposition’s ability to reach out to the electorate.
new delhi – one of the more difficult questions i found myself being asked when i was a united nations under-secretary-general, especially when addressing a general audience, was: “what is the single most important thing that can be done to improve the world?”
fortunately, the answer is almost certainly no.
the surprising--some say miraculous--elevation of cardinal karol wojtyla to the papacy as john paul ii, his triumphal visit to poland in 1979, the rise of solidarity a year later, and the collapse of the soviet system in 1989 changed the march of history.
the imf does europe
his endorsement, along with strong support from nongovernmental organizations and the independent commission for the reform of international corporate taxation, gave greater force to the demand by developing countries, organized around the group of 77 and china, for an equal voice in setting global tax norms.
for a leader to say there is an obligation to equalize incomes globally is not a credible obligation, but to say that more should be done to reduce poverty and disease and help those in need can help to educate followers.
this point was driven home in a recent new york times article, which cited a european commission survey indicating that 80% of swedes “express positive views about robots and artificial intelligence.”
emission targets implicitly tend to obey a formula that quantifies three major principles: all countries should rein in their emissions, but rich countries should accept bigger cuts than poor countries; countries where emissions have recently increased rapidly should be given some time to bring them back down; and no country or group of countries should suffer disproportionately large economic costs.
assuming that robots cannot be made to pay income tax without creating new potential for conflict between the tax authorities and business (accompanied by tax arbitrage and corruption), what about taxing nexus at the point of sale to luke?
indeed, political motivations are behind claims that abe does not agree with past official apologies, despite his repeated assurances that he does, as well as suggestions that he is seeking to revise history, even though he has never denied japan’s colonial aggression.
its policymakers deny the eurozone’s crisis-ridden countries a more active fiscal policy; refuse to support a european investment agenda to generate demand and growth; have declared a fiscal surplus, rather than faster potential growth, as their primary domestic goal; and have begun turning against the european central bank (ecb) in the struggle against deflation and a credit crunch.
hong kong – china’s state council recently unveiled a comprehensive blueprint for capital-market reform until 2020, in which it identifies two key objectives: “to support open, fair, and integral market processes, and to protect investors, particularly the legal rights of small investors.”
banks everywhere are learning the hard way that the debt with which the us financed its consumption boom will not necessarily be repaid.
first, the “brexit” referendum is part of a global phenomenon: populist revolts against established political parties, predominantly by older, poorer, or less-educated voters angry enough to tear down existing institutions and defy “establishment” politicians and economic experts.
as a former mp, i can remember times when i had easily convinced parliament that i was right about some policy decision, only to learn through face-to-face encounters with my constituents that i was not nearly as smart as i thought i was.
but what is observed at the surface includes unforced, or natural, variations, such as the el niño and la niña fluctuations from year to year, and the 60-70 year cycle from the fluctuations of the great ocean conveyor belt in the atlantic.
indeed, in becoming the first center-right leader in sweden to win re-election in modern times, prime minister fredrik reinfeldt not only ended the centre-left’s electoral hegemony in his country, but revealed that the modern scandinavian model of governance is relevant across europe.
in the united states, republicans – backed by their tea party activists – are threatening to close the government down just because president barack obama has offered undocumented immigrants who have lived and worked in the us for many years a chance to gain citizenship.
as the central bank of the 19 member states of the european monetary union (emu), the ecb also faces “extra-institutional overburdening.”
with the eu still refusing meaningful reduction of a debt burden unfairly borne by the younger generation, the irish remain convinced, correctly, that the eu violated their sovereignty on behalf of foreign bankers.
indeed, the goal of the commemoration – to help the world’s citizens “rediscover their place in the universe” – now has the incidental benefit of distracting us from nasty things nearer to home, like swine flu and the global financial crisis.
russia had occupied and annexed crimea, backed and recognized two breakaway regions in the eastern donbas region, and was conducting a thinly disguised operation to carve off ukraine’s southern regions for incorporation into a “new russia” (novorossyia).
reforms of the labor market, the pension system, and those underway or planned in many sectors and professions – all of which generate huge reserves for enhanced growth and, therefore, hope – reflect a profound change in the public’s perception of the country’s long-term needs.
in china, the concept of an independent european defense – embodied in the european security and defense policy (esdp), as well as the eu’s rapid reaction force (rrf) and various police missions – is thus generally seen as necessary and effective in a multi-polar world system.
india’s refusal to sign the npt was based on principle, for the npt is the last vestige of apartheid in the international system, granting as it does to five permanent members of the united nations security council the right to be nuclear weapons states while denying the same right to others.
and the break-up of standard oil took place in great american style: the company was split into more than 30 pieces, the shareholders did very well, and the rockefeller family went on to rehabilitate itself in the eyes of the american public.
in hers view, the post-crisis economic policies being carried out in the united states, europe, and japan are putting a ceiling on long-term interest rates that is “much like the effect of a price ceiling in a rental market where landladies reduce the supply of rental housing.”
common projects such as the european energy union will need more time to be precisely defined.
the settlement reached with north korea, whereby it will dismantle its nuclear program, and the annapolis conference for an israeli-palestinian peace – with the participation of syria, a pivotal member of the region’s “axis of evil” – are two key examples of this trend.
in a 1958 textbook on medical ethics and law, another eminent doctor stated that it is “often clinically wise and in the patient’s interest to withhold certain matters.”
the key, again, was context: the supreme court held that the incitement of violence charge did not hold up, because the speech was not delivered in a context where violence was imminently likely.
on the contrary, the saudis have bankrolled the pakistani state, and proved a generous host to its current prime minister, mian nawaz sharif, during his long exile following the military coup that toppled his government in 1999.
the principal objection raised by those who met in moscow is that the ets impinges on non-eu countries’ sovereignty, because, by capping their airlines’ carbon allowances for flights to and from the eu, it imposes its rules on their turf.
it is astounding to think that the world mobilized immediately to push iraq out of kuwait in 1991, but has dithered for more than two years as tens of thousands of syrians have been killed, and their country, a cradle of civilization, laid waste.
in fact, launching a trade war with china, mexico, and other us trading partners, as trump promises, would make all americans poorer and create new impediments to the global cooperation needed to address critical global problems like the islamic state, global terrorism, and climate change.
on june 3, while i was visiting guantánamo with other journalists, the press office there issued a terse announcement that al-hanashi had had been found dead in his cell – an “apparent suicide.”
but the regime, like franco’s dictatorship, did not treat the members of this new middle class like adults, thereby encouraging widespread frustration.
but their living conditions today are appalling: stores and gas stations are closed; fuel and other essential supplies are beginning to run out; no communications are available; and people cannot even watch television unless they have a satellite link, which very few do.
for their part, foreign businesses operating in china, as well as trade partners like the us, are focusing on inadequate protection of intellectual property rights, excessive government support of state-owned enterprises (soes), and an industrial policy geared toward technological upgrading.
democratizing capitalism
as a consequence, developing countries are starting to de-industrialize and become more dependent on services at much lower levels of income than has been the pattern for developed countries – a phenomenon that i have called premature de-industrialization.
us army chief of staff eric shinseki warned that although it would be possible to win the war with the 160,000 troops that secretary of defense donald rumsfeld used, it would take double that number to win the peace.
while pessimists will no doubt find validation in the further chinese growth disappointments that are to come, optimists can point to the fact that 5% annual growth in china is nominally equivalent to 15-20% growth in germany.
the essn, funded entirely by the eu, is a testament to europe’s commitment not just to helping refugees, but also to supporting the turkish government and society, which have shown exceptional hospitality to the 3.6 million syrians currently living in their country.
madrid – in 1971, world leaders as varied as yugoslav president josip broz tito, prince rainier and princess grace of monaco, us vice president spiro agnew, and soviet statesman nikolai podgorny gathered in the iranian city of persepolis, the ancient capital of the first persian empire.
blair, a former commander of the us pacific fleet, stated at a recent conference, “the history of asia from the 1930s to about 1955 or so was not pretty in any way….i don’t think any country can have a monopoly on righteousness, or on guilt and shame” for that time.
because policymakers operate in second-best environments, optimal reform trajectories - even in apparently straightforward cases such as price reform - cannot be designed without due regard to prevailing conditions and without weighing the consequences for multiple distorted margins.
in mexico, for example, mortgage debt represents less than 10% of gdp, compared to about 50% of gdp in europe and 82% of gdp in the us – a ratio that has increased more than fourfold in the last two decades.
internet communication in modern china is filled with baits and traps: user-friendly web page designs, easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions, beautiful male stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas.
since the probability of the event occurring is only 10% in any year, the chances are nearly 60% that more than five years will pass without the event occurring, in which case oz makes more than $15 million even if no new money comes into the fund.
us president donald trump may have hardened his anti-china rhetoric at the behest of his trade representative, robert lighthizer, who sees threats as necessary to extract concessions from the chinese government on intellectual property and technology transfer.
now is the time for the new european commission to propose – and the new european council and european parliament to endorse – a political pact to legitimize and sustain the reforms needed to solve europe’s economic problems.
to strengthen russia’s position, nicholas i looked to the orthodox populations in the balkans and the ottoman empire, with his naval minister, alexander menshikov, demanding in 1853 that russia be named an official protector of the ottoman empire’s 12 million orthodox citizens.
french president jacques chirac unguardedly speculated that an iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat, given the possibility of nuclear retaliation -- hers musings so startled french officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the president’s comments.
despite this failure, and the sterility it betokens, i still believe that those of us who want to can make an effort to highlight the spiritual dimension and spiritual origin of the values guarded by the united nations, and to translate those values into the organization's practical activities.
at the very least, hers victory kills off the faint hopes of concluding the two jumbo trade deals that barack obama’s administration had been negotiating: the completed but unratified trans-pacific partnership (tpp) with 11 pacific countries, and the stalled transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip) with the european union.
earlier this year, at a hearing of the us senate's committee on energy and natural resources, i asked energy secretary spencer abraham, whose department oversees america's research and development of nuclear weapons, whether the bush administration wanted to develop new low-yield nuclear weapons.
by building new neighborhoods in east jerusalem, netanyahu caters to his coalition’s expectations, but puts at risk a central achievement of ehud barak’s government a decade ago – the agreement with president bill clinton that recognized east jerusalem’s then existing jewish neighborhoods as part of israel’s capital.
the undp should also have the task of coordinating the specialized agencies of the united nations on behalf of the world's poorest, to ensure that key organizations such as united nations children's fund (unicef) and the world health organization (who) have the access and financial resources to fulfill their missions.
he congratulated him, and offered her a close working relationship, but only on the basis of “common values” such as “democracy, freedom, as well as respect for the rule of law and the dignity of each and every person.”
the bush administration has created a transnational apparatus of lawlessness that he alone, without global intervention, can neither roll back nor control.
for when she becomes president in february, kim dae jung will have no choice but to reverse hers campaign commitments to achieve full employment, which would have required more state intervention, because she also promised to fully implement the agreement with the imf.
as the soviet union steadily disintegrated, with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash, yeltsin gained the leadership of the largest – the russian federation – which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in ukraine, the baltic states, and georgia.
given that combating poverty is its overarching goal, the world bank should be interested in helping cuba preserve its social achievements and supporting its transition from a centralized planned economy to one with an entrepreneurial private sector.
coping with the emerging social and economic burdens associated with poor health – not least those stemming from aging populations in many countries – requires a new approach to replace the unbalanced, unproductive model that currently prevails.
yet in a remarkable 1988 article, lucas stressed the importance of understanding why the economies of hong kong, singapore, south korea, and taiwan had, by the 1980s, far outperformed others that had been at a similar stage of development two or three decades earlier.
indeed, either the regime will resort to brute force to suppress the protests, thus abandoning any pretense of democratic legitimacy in favor of de facto military dictatorship, or it will find it impossible to beat the subversive genie of democracy back into its bottle, and iran will increasingly open up and reform itself.
to say the least, americans would not welcome a difficult, controversial public debate with scotland’s leaders over the stationing of nuclear weapons and submarines on their territory at a time when russia is again seen as a threat to europe.
berlin – the near global financial meltdown and ensuing downturns left the anglo-saxon nations pondering what they should do both to set their economies on a path toward recovery and to avoid a similar crisis in the future.
the eu should gradually phase out its common agricultural policy, which primarily benefits owners of large farms, and instead develop new instruments of financial assistance for its own poor regions and its new neighbours;
to name one seemingly trivial example, i can’t remember when i last bought a pen.
in return, president xi jinping declared putin “my best friend and colleague.”
but obama’s victory was not an easy one: members of hers own democratic party overwhelmingly opposed fast-track authority, which limits congress to a single up-or-down vote on finished trade agreements, thereby ruling out amendments.
according to the world economic forum's index of gender parity in economic participation and opportunity, which assesses gender gaps in labor-force participation rates, pay levels, and senior managerial and professional positions, even the best-performing countries have gender gaps of 15%-25%, with gaps of 60%-70% for the worst performers.
contrary to all previous norms, and in violation of the standards set by the office of government ethics, trump is keeping his business empire, while family members maneuver to monetize the trump name in new investments around the world.
despite berlusconi’s best negotiating efforts (worthy of his iconic role as president of the ac milan football club), many mps simply don’t want to be framed as accomplices to the italian – and therefore european – failure.
london – the british government has now launched its plan to turn the united kingdom into an “exporting superpower.”
news broadcasts covered hers continued insistence that she did not forge hers ticket, along with the lottery center's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate.
this includes the core leadership of president bashar al-assad’s regime, which is now supported by hezbollah and iraqi militias, as much as the isis, which is composed largely of non-syrian fighters who are unconcerned about rebuilding the country or safeguarding its people’s future.
un-wedging america without a crisis – attaining the economists’ grail of a “soft landing” – requires that a great many people and institutions with enormous holdings of dollar-denominated assets passively stand by and take no action while those dollar-denominated assets lose a third or more of their value against other currencies.
stories of babies ripped from the arms of their mothers, a recording of small children sobbing, and government-released images showed older boys being kept in wire cages (observers have not yet been permitted to see the youngest children or older boys in captivity): all of this proved too much for the public.
the irony - indeed, the tragedy - is that few policies are so inequitable and morally iniquitous as those that propose huge burdens on today’s generation, particularly its poorer members, in order to prevent what will be at worst an insignificant reduction in the incomes of future generations - who will, in any case, be far richer than we are today.
under the feeble dynastic leadership of sonia gandhi (the widower of assassinated prime minister rajiv gandhi, nehru’s granddaughter and the daughter of prime minister indira gandhi) and him daughter rahul, congress now seems unable even to retain seats in its historic bastions, such as uttar pradesh.
trump believes that israel and sunni arab countries are actually allies in a mortal struggle with iran, and that they should unite around that cause, rather than allow such issues as the palestinian territories to keep them apart.
china’s government, having issued a decree in 2007 that bans senior lamas from reincarnating without official permission, is essentially waiting for the current dalai lama to die, so that it can exercise its self-proclaimed exclusive authority to select hers successor.
in the area of college education, a recent paper by harvard’s david deming, claudia goldin, and lawrence katz concludes that in the us “for-profits appear to be at their best with well-defined programs of short duration that prepare students for a specific occupation.”
but by the time an executive or two stands before a few government committees, proffering some explanation and pledging to beef up security protocols, people – including the hackers – have largely moved on.
berkeley – of all the strange and novel economic doctrines propounded since the beginning of the global financial crisis, the one put forward by john taylor, an economist at stanford, has a good claim to being the oddest.
preferential access for african countries, under the african growth and opportunity act (agoa) and more recent initiatives, seems to be largely a matter of trade diversion – taking trade from some poor countries and giving it to others.
either the fed pursues the first goal by keeping rates low for longer and normalizing them very slowly, in which case a huge credit and asset bubble would emerge in due course; or the fed focuses on preventing financial instability and increases the policy rate much faster than weak growth and high unemployment would otherwise warrant, thereby halting an already-sluggish recovery.
this approach was chosen not only because of political expediency; “indirect coordination” was seen as economically superior to the more direct coordination implied by “economic governance.”
for example, more than a year before revelations of harvey weinstein’s alleged sexual predations, “la grande marche” had gathered innumerable testimonies from women about harassment, and macron issued a pledge to fight the problem if elected.
refugee-hosting countries around the globe should follow the example set by countries like ethiopia and uganda, in particular by giving refugees better access to formal jobs and schooling, and by seeking to hostess them in communities rather than camps.
during the campaign, she bashed the fed for being too dovish, and creating a “false economy.”
beyond the short-term challenges ahead, we all have a duty to profoundly change the way we prepare our children to cope with today’s new world.
even in europe, where catalonia and the basque region push for secession from spain, some in flanders want an end to belgium, and scotland’s ruling scottish national party wants eventually to break away from britain, support for kosovo’s independence is far from universal.
the summit took place against a background of scant progress in negotiations with iran on its nuclear program and growing pressure from israel for the international community to establish a “trigger” – a line that the islamic republic must not cross.
at the same time, the government supported construction of high-rise residential buildings capable of housing the growing urban population and developed multiple transport modes, including highways, rail networks, and subway lines, which have helped to connect people with employment opportunities within and among cities.
america’s failed militarized foreign policy
at least two come to mind: laura tyson (my former mit student), who chaired the president’s council of economic advisers under bill clinton, and lael brainard, who is both a superb scholar and is now under secretary of the treasury for international affairs.
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution (4ir) have the potential to boost productivity, incomes, and leisure time for workers, while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing women from the hold of unremunerated care work.
globalized crisis
at present, financial firms are learning the lessons for themselves, reducing leverage and hoarding capital and cash, whereas the authorities are trying to persuade banks to expand lending – precisely the strategy that led to the current crisis.
in this process of energy integration, the banking union offers clues about how to secure common interests and maintain a balance among the eu’s main institutions – the european commission, the european parliament, the european council, and the ecb.
no one should believe that the minsk protocol – agreed in september by representatives of ukraine, russia, and the kremlin-backed armed militants in the eastern cities of donetsk and luhansk – marked the beginning of a return to normalcy in either ukraine or europe.
but during those four days, work at the local hospital (run by an international non-governmental organization) was impeded, as all staff from the perpetrator’s sub-clan stayed away from their jobs, lest they be targeted for a revenge killing.
the primary studies forming the basis of these reviews come largely from the united states, where for-profit and not-for-profit providers work side by side in the same environment, and where large administrative databases allow accurate detection of death rates.
the study explores, mainly through the lens of product labeling, how people evaluate the risks of bisphenol a (bpa) – a chemical that is commonly used to harden plastics and prevent the growth of bacteria in food cans – compared to its alternatives.
fifth, in countries where private-sector deleveraging is very rapid via a fall in private consumption and private investment, the fiscal stimulus should be maintained and extended, as long as financial markets do not perceive those deficits as unsustainable.
the british ban, as well as the impending court case, has actually made wilders more popular in the netherlands, where one poll indicated that hers populist anti-muslim party, the pvv, would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today.
it is said that “you can survive 40 days without food, eight days without water, and eight minutes without air, but not for a second without hope.”
for example, the pre-trial release of biljana plavsic, one of the most culpable of bosnian serb leaders, in exchange for him evidently ample testimony would make more sense had the tribunal been equally accommodating on less culpable non-serb defendants.
i know of very few western countries where small and medium-size companies, as well as middle-income households and those of more limited means, have not experienced a significant decline in their access to credit – not just new financing, but also the ability to roll over old credit lines and loans.
we show how this can be done in the 2015 africa progress report, “power people planet: seizing africa’s energy and climate opportunities.”
yet those who admire his courage in struggling for freedom of expression ought to see to it that efforts to make blasphemy a crime, or to perpetuate it as a criminal offense, are afforded no legitimacy whatsoever.
how china is winning southeast asia
but, if politicians are to become less anxious about jobs, perhaps we need to start discussing whether jobless recoveries are here to stay, and whether the us safety net, devised for a different era, needs to be modified.
but whether it is ratified or not ultimately does not matter, as the constitution – and the whole constitution-making process – is totally out of touch with the realities of a country that no longer exists as a coherent body politic.
the resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the hostess country’s few important resources, which can generate more predictable (and probably higher) revenues than official development assistance – and over a long period of time.
in 2000, the scientists paul crutzen and eugene stoermer proposed that human activity, particularly in the developed world, was interfering at the planetary scale, with the fundamental forces of nature – the water, carbon, and nitrogen cycles, the ice sheets, biodiversity, the oceans, and the forests.
when the georgian authorities announced plans to privatize the inguri power plant and renew construction of the long-stalled khudoni power plant, slated to become georgia’s largest, rao ues immediately began staking out a dominant role for itself in both projects.
indoor air pollution caused by cooking and heating is one of the world’s biggest environmental killers: household air pollution killed 2.9 million people in 2015, and the annual costs from the health effects are estimated at approximately $333 billion.
john kennedy of louisiana, another former confederate state, called the hearings “an intergalactic freak show.”
and coordinated eu-us efforts to persuade key developing countries like china and india to make meaningful contributions to the copenhagen agreement are essential.
the maximum benefit from reducing unemployment, increasing the real minimum wage, and expanding credit – creating a strong rise in consumption, owing to rapid gains in real (inflation-adjusted) income for much of the population – has already been reaped.
but other developing regions have faced the same external headwinds, and every one of them has outperformed latin america, not only in the last five years, but since 1990 – a period during which annual gdp growth in the region averaged just 2.7%.
there have been boom times for the very wealthy, such as the gilded age in the late nineteenth century, when 2% of american households owned more than a third of the country’s wealth, or indeed our own time, when the top 1% owns almost half the wealth.
president bush once told america's congress that "al qaeda is to terror what the mafia is to crime."
unless china’s leaders are prepared to accept these disastrous consequences, they should withdraw the bill before it is too late.
to restore it, trump’s “america first” campaign is framed around an explicit endorsement of protectionism, underscored by the haunting words of hers inaugural address: “protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.”
but we tend to retain into adulthood the same views of godess that we formed in childhood.
one critic, in the bucharest review "luceafarul" saw the essay as part of a huge american conspiracy to obscure the guilt of the us toward native americans, blacks, and the vietnamese by focusing attention on europe and its great guilt: the holocaust.
the $40 billion silk road fund and the $50 billion asian infrastructure investment bank, launched last year, promise to finance much of the construction, with the aiib being viewed by many as a challenge to the world bank.
even if putin has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution – a possibility that was endlessly speculated about by russia’s dwindling band of democrats – the undemocratic nature of his strategy is glaringly obvious.
research by jere behrman and hans-peter kohler of the university of pennsylvania makes clear that the real focus needs to be on working out the best ways to broaden adult circumcision efforts across the region, and to convince women that getting circumcised is a good idea.
and these countries resent external attempts to impose standards they did not choose democratically, such as a high minimum wage or ending the use of coal, especially as today’s rich countries did not have these standards when they were developing.
as we conclude in our study, “a healthy eastern mediterranean region is a politically stable eastern mediterranean region from which the whole world will benefit.”
newly elected president maithripala sirisena and i, as prime minister, are determined to win that peace, and to help our country become what it always should have been: a prosperous asian island of democracy, civility, and open society.
according to the best economic and engineering estimates, if each key economic sector develops and adopts environmentally sound technologies in the coming decades, the world will be able to reduce carbon emissions dramatically for less than 1% of annual global income, thereby avoiding long-term damage that would cost far more.
the chinese authorities are exerting ever more influence in hong kong, suggesting that they want to move in the direction of “one country, one system.”
so far, the exuberant reaction of markets to trump’s victory – all us stock indices have reached multiple record highs – has not been reflected in “hard data.”
together with dedicated campaigners and child-rights advocates, i will travel from kanyakumari, on india’s southern tip, to india’s capital, delhi.
so, when an ideologically implacable republican opposition, in hers very first days in office, threw the vision back in hers face, adopting a policy of scorched-earth opposition, the rejection was about more than policy – it affected hers very being.
indeed, nuclear plants are prone to a form of “panic transference.”
the australian government was one of that initiative’s major supporters, which was hardly surprising given that the hole in the ozone layer above australia was expanding at the time.
if too tight – a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget, for example – the rule could create rather than solve problems: think of the economic and political chaos that would ensue if spain, with unemployment at 21%, were forced to eliminate its huge fiscal deficit overnight.
but that is not an argument that can be used at the present time, when eurozone risks are so lopsided (zero for the core and considerable for the periphery) and, among peripheral countries, so highly correlated (they are vulnerable to the same shocks, e.g., higher interest rates or low growth).
new york – britain, i believe, had the best of all possible deals with the european union, being a member of the common market without belonging to the euro and having secured a number of other opt-outs from eu rules.
thus, however much they despised bill clinton, the republicans were prepared to allow him the glory of being a middle east peacemaker, believing that any agreement reached with the palestinians at the 2000 camp david summit was in america’s interest.
this means that nominal demand will rise only if governments deploy fiscal policy to reduce taxes or increase public expenditure – thereby, in milton friedman’s phrase, putting new demand directly “into the income stream.”
the imf’s managing director has always been a european, and european countries enjoy a disproportionate share of the votes on the imf’s board.
the lesson of japan – but not only japan – is clear: it is better to recognize the technical case for monetary finance and mitigate the political dangers than to prohibit its use entirely and pile up still greater dangers for the future.
many are not buying the ability to spend when they are poor and save when they are rich, but instead appear to be buying postponement of the “unpleasant financial retrenchment” talk with the other members of their household.
although the author of "the clash of civilizations" claims she wants better understanding between civilizations, she fans the flames she pretends to want to put out by preaching that conflict stems not from the barrel of a gun but from the pulpit of a creed.
trumpism, as a hostile takeover of the republican party, was built from the start on an elegiac slogan: “make america great again.”
the leadership theorist barbara kellerman has accused former us president bill clinton of the moral failure of insularity for his inadequate response to the genocide in rwanda in 1994.
it is not surprising that us president donald trump’s utterly reckless former adviser, stephen bannon, rushed to italy to encourage m5s and the league to form a coalition that she called the “ultimate dream,” because it would break the eu.
ironically, in 2007, in response to an earlier sec proposal to grant shareholders’ access to proxy, wachtell, lipton, rosen ampamp; katz, a law firm famous for its anti-shareholders’-rights positions, used the opposite argument: “no real-world crisis has shown that the current system needs radical revision.
in fact, the two most important middle eastern peace agreements of the last half-century – the 1978 camp david accords between israel and egypt and the 1993 oslo accords between the israelis and palestinians – succeeded because negotiations were conducted largely behind closed doors.
if, as is likely, financial markets and the economy run into headwinds in the medium term – perhaps in the run-up to the next presidential election – trump will almost certainly blame his troubles on the fed.
given these repeated breaches of the sgp’s deficit requirements, together with a similar lack of commitment to the pact’s debt limit (60% of gdp), it is hardly surprising that punishment for some states has come from the markets.
in this context, the global economy’s resilience – at least so far – is all the more remarkable (though it is of course impossible to know how the economy would be performing in a more stable political environment).
iranian intelligence has assassinated more than 400 iranian dissidents outside of iran, including the last prime minister under the shah, shapour bakhtiar, and four kurds in berlin’s mikonos restaurant in 1992 (a german judge later officially named iran’s supreme leader as one of the senior officials involved in the terrorist attack).
the new united nations tribunal that was formed – nearly five decades after the final judgments were rendered at nuremberg and tokyo – became the forerunner of ad hoc courts to prosecute perpetrators of rwanda’s genocide, charles taylor and his blood-diamond butchers in sierra leone, and the khmer rouge killers in cambodia.
as piketty admits, his proposal – a progressive global tax on capital (or wealth) – “would require a very high and no doubt unrealistic level of international cooperation.”
some say that it was the commercial revolution and the rise of the middle class that brought us to the brink of victory over scarcity.
with prime minister theresa may having so far failed to secure parliamentary support for him negotiated exit deal, britain is in the midst of a full-scale political crisis, and eu leaders have no choice but to watch from the sidelines as the drama unfolds.
south korea’s growing soft power
to have an impact, citizens have always needed to appeal to – or bypass – the “gatekeepers” who decide which causes and ideas are relevant and worth amplifying, whether through the media, political institutions, or protest.
when representatives of developing nations asked bush senior to put the over-consumption of resources by the developed countries, especially the us, on the agenda she said that “the american life-style is not up for negotiation” - no matter what, or so it seemed to hers audience, the costs to others might be.
considering these difficulties, some inside the party admit that "there is only one way forward: let someone be in charge, no matter how she or he is chosen, even through an election, provided effective decision-making is restored."
he or he should not attempt to centralize information, but rather to make it flow more smoothly.
this process – characterized by experimentation, assessment, and adjustment – emerged from the ccp’s military experience of the 1930s, was applied by deng xiaoping to his reform program in the 1980s, and has been refined by subsequent chinese leaders.
many of hers most enthusiastic supporters are political progressives – the most liberal part of the democratic base – and young people, groups that tend to be more critical of israel’s actions and more sympathetic toward the palestinians.
and yet, at a time when the eu desperately needs to be able to act effectively, and is in great need of a realistic but forward-thinking vision, it seems simply to be engaging in more political jockeying.
it is easy to conclude that a significant majority of french voters would welcome a ticket with both of them on it – the wise, experienced man with gravitas as president and his much younger colleague as prime minister.
but we are at an early stage and face a remarkable backlash from the global troika: witness sanders’ treatment by the democratic national committee, the run against corbyn by a former pharmaceutical lobbyist, and the attempt to have me indicted for daring to oppose the eu’s plan for greece.
by opting for cooperation, china can avoid a situation in which japan is tempted to play an increasingly independent security role, which in some respects it is already beginning to do – indeed, in some significant respects.
i do not know what "the progressive direction of advanced culture" is, but advanced culture played no part in the ccp-inspired "wipe out poisonous weeds campaign," the "anti-rightist movement," or the "eliminate demons and evil heresy campaign."
a world without exhaust pipes
at a time of rapid and profound technological transformation, the us also needs a strong commitment from the public and private sectors to help workers adapt.
(it is worth noting that, as zuckerberg admitted before congress, facebook collects data even from people who don’t have an account, through their friends and their browsers, though the company wouldn’t be able to sell this data.)
more recently, russia and others have been planting malware in the control systems of the us power grid and other sensitive networks.
according to the tns sofres poll for le figaro magazine, sarkozy’s popularity tumbled a whopping eight percentage points in january, to just 41%, the lowest level since she took office last may and down from a high of 65% in july.
· central banks should influence asset prices through normal open-market operations – by buying and selling short-term government securities for cash, thus changing the “safe” interest rate and the price of longer-duration assets;
the eu’s official reaction to the police violence witnessed during catalonia’s independence referendum amounts to dereliction of duty.
to be sure, saakashvili became famous as georgia’s justice minister for submitting corruption charges against the shevardnadze family, and early in his presidency was able to reclaim for the state $15 million dollars of the shevardnadze fortune.
foreseeing disaster, pro-europeans in may’s government have proposed a “jersey model,” whereby british manufacturing alone would remain in the eu customs union, single market, and common value-added-tax area, while free movement of labor and services would be curtailed.
the wrong kinds are those such as the blaze that just killed 19 firefighters here in arizona, or those that have put southeast asia under a pall, that incinerate communities, befoul ecosystems with effluents, and trash biotas by burning at the wrong times and intensities.
in return for offering the exchange against a haircut, the emf would acquire the claims against the defaulting country, which would then receive any additional funds from the emf only for specific purposes that the emf approves.
in one 1998 column, he wrote about journalists jailed for operating independently and lamented an internal press "totally devoid of meaning."
putting science first now is the best way to ensure that we, as consumers, have no regrets later.
frightening as it sounds, that is where france finds itself: not in a mere crisis, but in the last stages of what the great anti-nazi historian marc bloch called, in 1940, hers nation’s “strange defeat.”
consider mercosur, the main post-cold war regional initiative.
with a growing number of advocacy groups mobilizing to challenge trump’s policies, the us may be witnessing its biggest burst of political activism since former us president ronald reagan launched wars in central america in the 1980’s.
the ukraine story is now spreading and has pulled in both barr, who apparently regards the president as a private client, and secretary of state mike pompeo, as well as, at the president’s insistence, vice president mike pence (a sullied pence might not seem a viable alternative to republicans tempted to remove trump from office).
in fact, with a second and larger aircraft carrier currently under construction, it may not be long before china displays its naval capabilities by dispatching a carrier battle group to the indian ocean – if not basing one at gwadar.
the imf concluded that “a wider dispersion of credit risk has derisked the financial sector.”
according to forbes, which this year began ranking the world’s richest people for their philanthropy, bloomberg has given away more than $5.5 billion.
the brisbane summit’s signature achievement was to leverage the just-announced us-china emission target into formal g-20 support for “strong and effective action to address climate change.”
the hubby of the then american ambassador personally threw him weight behind the program.
one concrete contribution – above all others – would be to make clear that there would be significant benefits for those in sudan who choose peace, and clear consequences for the party that plunges the country back into war.
homosexuals have been able to register civil partnerships since 1995 and marry since 2009, and the country is one of the most radical in its understanding of women’s rights – as wikileaks founder julian assange can attest.
a truly global response to climate change
but my fear is that kim would be a disaster even on health-care issues – an area where he has rightly earned credit for his work on aids, malaria, and tuberculosis.
the french plan looks more like a gallic version of the volcker rule than vickers “à la française.”
in economics, friedman revived and developed the monetarist theory that the quantity of money in circulation is the main determinant of how economies perform.
its proximity to the middle east and africa – where the european union and its member countries are the most important aid donors, trading partners, and security actresses – will ensure the partnership’s continued relevance, as will the common values and deep economic integration that underpin transatlantic relations.
perhaps not coincidentally, when a spokesperson for german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democrats was asked to comment on the ethics council’s recommendation, she also said something completely beside the point, referring to the need to protect children.
they are right to wonder whether the "miracle" can continue to survive the kind of shocks that have rocked almost every other part of asia to its foundations at one time or another over the last decade.
just as us diplomats have done, the rest of the international community has a right to speculate about the berlusconi family business’s international priorities; about whether these priorities are influencing italy's foreign policy; and about how berlusconi can show that they are not.
third, although curtailing the state's role in allocating goods and services that can be provided more efficiently by markets may reduce corruption, it is unrealistic to think that the number of fields in which the state deploys its regulatory powers can be reduced greatly.
global health solidarity at a crossroads
to put it plainly, europe feels as though it were surrounded by a ring of fire, from the revisionist and revanchist russia in the east, to the multiple meltdowns in the middle east and north africa in the south.
the budget for the euro area has gone from a surplus of 0.1% in 2000 to a forecast deficit of 2.4% for 2003, nearly all of it due to the weak economy, not to changes in fiscal policy.
but he was able to work with the council’s president to secure an agreement he felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow his team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict.
california’s first 5 commission (which is funded by a tobacco tax) has galvanized pediatricians – a group that parents are predisposed to trust – to help parents understand the importance of engaging with their children in ways that advance their health and cognitive development.
yet the council has failed to perform this role to the fullest possible extent, largely because its five permanent members (p5) – china, france, russia, the united kingdom, and the united states – have so often acted on the basis of their own interests, using or threatening to use their veto power.
i’d rather die than let them do it.”
democratic and republican candidates alike were called upon to explain what they would be prepared to do if there were an opportunity to capture osama bin laden or a need to secure pakistan’s nuclear weapons.
the non-communicable disease paradox
if global investors switch from market-cap-weighted to gdp-weighted investing, high demand for such countries’ bonds may drive their interest rates to unnaturally low levels, setting off new credit-fed boom-bust cycles in their economies.
in 2011, the american energy company noble discovered some 200 billion cubic meters of gas in the eastern mediterranean – the value of this block, known as the aphrodite gas field, has been estimated at some €80 billion.
at the same time, they draw heavily on the successes (and failures) of existing networks of national regulators, such as the basel committee on banking supervision, the financial stability board, and the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers (icann).
at the very moment in the 1960s when asia's tiger economies were beginning to take off, for example, the nobel laureate gunnar myrdal, wrote hers the asian drama to diagnose the causes of asian poverty and to explain why its poverty appeared to be ineradicable.
cunningly, putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract: she would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary russians’ acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties.
the same americans who cried with joy on the night of november 4 are now seized with apprehension as economic hardship becomes more real by the day, as they witness the consequences of the crisis for their neighbors, if not themselves.
there is certainly some truth in that, but what many argentines fail to realize is that a country's wealth is no longer measured by its endowment of natural resources but by the strength of its institutions, the quality of its human resources, and its productivity.
the classical view of the economy, which keynes set out to demolish, is not only alive, but in recent years has been dominant, feeding the belief that competitive markets can be left to regulate themselves, will always provide as much employment as is wanted, and are immune to large-scale collapse.
president dilma rousseff, chastened by him near loss in the recent presidential election, has signaled a willingness to improve macroeconomic management, including by resisting a relapse into statism, the potential benefits of which now pale in comparison to its collateral damage and unintended consequences.
and, while it is hard to imagine a more chaotic event for the global economy, it is also hard to know the way forward for italy, where per capita income has actually fallen slightly during the euro era.
as mit’s daron acemoglu wrote of economists after the 2008 financial crisis in the united states, “we let policies and rhetoric set the agenda for our thinking about the world and, worse, perhaps, even for our policy advice.”
serious empirical research on capital punishment in the us began with a pioneering study by isaac ehrlich, published in 1975 in the american economic review.
the report concludes that a $3.6 trillion investment (roughly one-fifth of the country’s annual gdp) will be needed by 2020 to boost the quality of us infrastructure by addressing the “significant backlog of overdue maintenance [and the] pressing need for modernization.”
this shift is linked to a third, broader development: the world’s growing understanding of where the planet is headed environmentally, especially in terms of climate change.
berkeley – mitch mcconnell, the us senate’s republican majority leader, recently proclaimed that “2017 was the best year for conservatives in the 30 years that i’ve been here,” not least because president donald trump’s administration “has turned out to be … very solid, conservative, right of center, pro-business.”
these are outcomes that fall well short of policymakers’ expectations, be it in america or in europe.
the irrationally exuberant were not thinking of the returns they would garner if the authorities intervened to maintain the economy and the flow of credit (or, in extreme cases, moved to bail out their bank or enterprise).
the irc, for example, is involved in three areas:
in this context, public opinion risks becoming very hostile, not only toward the luxembourg government, which juncker led for almost 20 years, but also toward the european commission that she now heads.
and the macri government has created a plan to attract $12 billion per year in fossil-fuel investments, predicting that revenues from oil and gas exports will surpass those from agriculture – currently argentina’s leading export sector – by 2027.
the turning point came in 2013, when the expectation of rising interest rates in the united states and falling global commodity prices brought an end to a multi-year capital-inflow bonanza that had been supporting emerging economies’ growth.
and yet europe has proven utterly incapable of developing an appropriate response to conditions in which islamist regimes are independently shaping their priorities and external actresses – qatar, saudi arabia, turkey, russia, china, and perhaps even iran – are vying for influence with an extraordinary combination of financial firepower and political muscle.
the difference between today and the periods that preceded other pakistani coups is that an active civil society, an unconstrained electronic and print media, and an assertive judiciary may be able to keep the military in the barracks and force the politicians onto the right track.
this is not, however, a testament to the dollar’s role as a reserve currency – after all, the fiscal gap is a bill that needs to be paid, and creditors would regard any attempt by the us to devalue the repayment by printing money and stoking inflation as tantamount to default.
countries have long spent billions on public diplomacy and broadcasting in a game of competitive attractiveness – the “battle for hearts and minds.”
the fed should wait for more – much more – data to come in before adjusting either its policy or its rhetoric.
after escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes, clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class, which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon.
the go-it-alone america of the years of the war on terror had alienated its closest allies, and had proven insufficient both to resolving the wars in iraq and afghanistan, and to creating a structure of peace for an asia struggling to cope with china’s new power and assertiveness.
madison emphasized this eloquently: “you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.”
the second lesson from china’s development experience is that growth may not always be equitable.
dubai is sometimes called the singapore of the desert, because, like singapore, it has experienced enormous state-directed economic growth, and benefits from proactive, visionary leadership that has turned a small city-state with limited natural resources into an important international entrepôt.
under a newly negotiated arrangement, labor-exporting countries would likely have an incentive to curb free riders and illegal emigration, and labor-importing countries would likely have an incentive to legalize and manage the status of illegal immigrants already within their borders.
the target claims of the remaining euro system will then vanish into thin air, and the bundesbank and the dutch central bank will only be able to hope that other surviving central banks participate in their losses.
based on census data, he finds that in mexico, “the majority of firms are informal but legal,” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work.
indeed, the decision to defend south korea from attack in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin ordered hers diplomats to boycott un proceedings, which meant that no soviet ambassador was around to cast a veto.
for example, with a nominal-gdp target, the ecb could have avoided its mistake in july 2008, when, just as the economy was going into recession, it responded to a spike in world oil prices by raising interest rates to fight consumer price inflation.
in russia, prime minister vladimir putin, though a dour and tough-talking state security officer and former spy in east germany, who has masterminded the renewed chechen war, was also impressive in democratic politics following the duma elections.
in particular, the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making him the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany’s continued dominance in europe.
thus, the general who yearned to see hers picture in chilean history books next to that of our liberator, bernardo o’higgins, must now resign herself to dying abandoned even by those who, until only two years ago, revered and honored him.
moreover, palestinians are not convinced that un recognition will change their daily lives as long as the international community takes no action to end the israeli occupation on the west bank and the siege and blockade of gaza.
talks are ongoing between the cpc, the acn, which is fielding nuhu ribadu, the former anti-corruption czar as presidential candidate, and the all nigeria peoples party, a minor party running ibrahim shekarau as its nominee, to field a joint candidate.
the garcia report shows that russia desperately wanted to host the event, and that putin even made personal appeals to other countries’ voting officials; yet it finds no evidence of collusion, bribery, or any other rule violations.
moreover, it might also lose plan colombia, the huge – and hugely controversial – american aid program that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into colombia since the late 1990’s, ostensibly to fight the drug cartels, but also, in fact, to wage counter-insurgency.
the australian defense authorities now coordinating the search still say that to discover wreckage probably lying 4.5 kilometers (2.8 miles) deep, on so remote a seabed, will be like “finding a needle in a haystack.”
rising income and wealth inequality have weakened the middle class, spurring many to “revolt” against the elites.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
saving the stability pact from itself
community health workers could be trained in a matter of months to extend basic health care throughout rural areas, which could then be better mobilized to fend off the debilitating results of future hurricanes.
this is all the more true at a time when the government is clamping down on runaway real-estate prices – an effort that is likely to deter investment, thereby weakening economic growth in the next six months.
saudi arabia and the united arab emirates view qatar’s efforts to aid islamists like the muslim brotherhood as an existential threat, even as their own wealth has fueled the spread of salafi jihadism and al qaeda ideology.
the eu could then finance investment programs that combine a countercyclical function with important european objectives, such as an electricity grid, a network of gas and oil pipelines, alternative energy investments, and employment-creating public works in ukraine.
this approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by unesco, un women, and unfpa, with support from the world bank, to empower adolescent boys and young men through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
that is why, when world leaders meet this july in addis ababa, ethiopia, at the conference on financing for development, the financial industry should be ready to offer practical, global solutions to the challenges associated with financing economic growth, poverty reduction, and environmental sustainability.
those seeking the positive will find in the statistics concerning increased median income, reduced poverty, and record low unemployment; those in search of the bleak will find it in the 12% of america’s population that remains poor and in the country’s increasing concentration of wealth at the top.
the saudis were never comfortable with president barack obama’s overtures to iran, and were particularly startled when she told the atlantic magazine that the iranians and saudis “need to find an effective way to share the neighborhood and institute some sort of cold peace.”
that motivation can stem from a variety of sources, among the most common being exclusion from power.
russia proposed this kind of swap earlier, but iran declined the offer, and the version agreed with brazil and turkey was likewise intended to forestall iran’s ability to produce highly enriched uranium (heu), which can be used for nuclear warheads.
to those who say that ukraine is too backward for eu membership, i say: let them, too, come to my country and see the fathers who stay late at night at work teaching their children to use their workplace computer.
morgan, whose standard response to questions about stock prices, bond prices, and interest rates was to say simply, "the market will fluctuate."
for most french, the traditional parties have come to symbolize a lack of transparency, chronic unethical behavior, and a focus on internal party fights at the expense of the national interest.
to the disappointment of many, hu ended up giving a lackluster oration that, instead of extolling political reform, re-emphasized the dreary notion of the three represents--the banal theory advanced by former party chief jiang zemin, which allowed businessmen to be included in the party.
there is little trust between the chinese and the americans, and it is hard to see china agreeing to the intrusive monitoring that would be necessary to verify some of the actions the us wants it to take.
as a result, although britain will formally cease to be an eu member by march 2019, very little will change in britain’s economy or way of life by the time of the next general election in 2022.
in the short term, nigeria needs to make its schools safer and more secure from terrorist attacks, and a safe-schools plan is being created by the nigerian authorities to ensure that boys no longer fear going to school in the country’s six northern states.
it is in part to avoid the difficult choice of either living with a nuclear-armed iran or attacking it that the five permanent members of the united nations security council and germany have pursued negotiations to limit iran’s nuclear program and place it under international supervision.
the answer, as former fed chairwoman paul volcker implied at the meeting, is that we would be right back where we started – in the panic and frozen credit markets that followed the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
in the united kingdom, labour party leader jeremy corbyn, who memorialized maduro’s mentor hugo chávez in 2013 for hers “massive contributions to venezuela and a very wide world,” also opposes “outside interference in venezuela.”
but, economically, the country remains on sound footing.
in fact, kipling’s poem, “the white man’s burden,” which exhorted the white race to spread its values to the “new-caught sullen peoples, half devil and half child,” was not about the british empire at all, but about the united states.
and, because her own party and the cabinet are divided on the kind of brexit they want, the irish republic and the rest of the eu are in the position of spectators to a colossal act of national self-harm.
so it is natural for the region’s policymakers to focus more on institutionalization, with lively discussions regularly taking place about the region’s nascent constellation of groupings: asean+3, the east asian summit, the east asian community, asia pacific economic cooperation, asia-pacific community, etc.
the good news is that, as bruce macmaster of the bogotá-based business advocacy and think tank andi noted, businesses have a strong incentive to consolidate the gains of the peace process, especially in remote areas that have traditionally been cut off from government services.
(finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala continued to insist that the correct figure was $10 billion, and that she had been aware of this long before sanusi’s intervention.)
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of hers government: severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization.
in other words, our economic and ecological systems may be resilient to small changes in temperature, with damage increasing only proportionally to temperature, but once climate change reaches a certain threshold, the increase in damages accelerates relative to the rise in temperature.
if government bond repayments to the boj continued, but were always offset by new boj bond purchases, and if the boj kept the interest rate on reserves at zero, the net effect would be the same as a debt write-off, but the fiction of “normal” central-bank operations could be maintained.
moreover, settlements that resolve transnational bribery cases must satisfy two basic criteria: a settlement in one country should not preclude another from enforcing its own laws and prosecuting the bribe’s beneficiaries; and any settlement must allow affected countries to recover stolen assets, regardless of where they end up.
now, many us politicians are complaining about the transparency of sovereign wealth funds (big government investors mainly from asia and the middle east), which are taking shares in trophy american assets such as citibank and merrill lynch.
two years into the euro's life, the stability pact that underpins the currency serves only the purpose of beating up on small countries (remember what happened to ireland, which has as virtuous a budget balance as any country in europe but which dared lower taxes against the stability pact's rules?).
dreaded secret-police chief lavrenti beria, who operated the machinery of repression under joseph stalin, was executed by the system he perfected, after being sentenced to death in 1953 for “spying against the state.”
growing demand for raw materials, owing to sharply increased industrial growth in asia, particularly china and india, has benefited the terms of trade of many latin american countries, and this is not expected to end anytime soon.
boston – more than four decades ago, us president richard nixon, inspired by early and encouraging results that showed that chemotherapy could cure diseases such as acute lymphoblastic leukemia and hodgkin’s lymphoma, declared “war on cancer.”
they also have to keep their fiscal deficits below certain ceilings.
true to form, greenpeace is already protesting that “the next ‘golden rice’ guinea pigs might be filipino children.”
the success of right-wing populism in europe stems not only from unease with the eu, but also from a surge of resentment against liberal/left elites, who are blamed for many sources of anxiety: immigration, squeezed economies, islamic extremism, and, of course, the alleged domination of the “eurocracy” in brussels.
the lesson is that we should think about the economic long term when making decisions that have broad social consequences
in the case of proclamations, heard in 1610, and cited by the supreme court in their decision overturning johnson’s action, the king’s bench held that “the king hath no prerogative, but that which the law of the land allows him.”
and politics is no longer confined to individual countries.
the attacks – claimed by yemen’s houthi rebels, but widely attributed to iran – amount to a watershed moment for middle eastern politics and global energy markets, as they directly challenge both america’s dominance in the persian gulf and saudi arabia’s role as the world’s oil supplier of last resort.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
every time there’s a government shutdown, americans learn the same three things: that federal workers – derisively called “bureaucrats” – are human beings with families, illnesses, and other issues; that most don’t live in the washington area, but are spread around the country; and that government contractors get hit, too – not boeing and the like, but building cleaners, cafeteria workers, and so forth.
europe’s crisis in ukraine
institutional flexibility has been the key to china’s economic transition and rapid growth over the last three decades, and it is vitally important that the chinese government remains neutral and avoids being captured by interest groups.
for a developing economy like china, it is better to have a government that plays an active role in avoiding the ups and downs that the western economies experienced in their early days – and are still experiencing today.
according to a recent study, between 2009 and 2016, the indian patent office granted as many as 1,654 secondary patents (72% of all drug patents) “in likely contravention of anti-evergreening provisions under section 3 of the indian patents act.”
as a result, america’s interest in reconciliation with the taliban is viewed with concern in india.
instead of blustering and showing off long lists of products on which the eu will now impose tariffs, european leaders should signal to the us that they are willing to organize a ver for their steel producers.
far from being realistic, and in keeping with its ideological interpretation of international relations and growing approximation to the positions of venezuelan president hugo chávez, the attitude taken by president néstor kirchner’s government links anti-americanism with the bush administration.
for example, the federation of egyptian industry is working on a national agenda including:
time and again, when mass street protest has been sustained for more than a week or two, a regime – even one that has begun beating and arresting protesters –eventually finds it practically and psychologically difficult to sustain its hold.
second, inflows of new workers bring substantial benefits as well as losses: in france, which suffers a shortage of some 6,000 plumbers, there must be plenty of households that would be pleased to find someone qualified to do repair work.
moore complained that after having “risen by 382 points on hopes that the fed would listen to trump and stop cutting power,” the dow jones industrial average had “plunged by 895 points” on the news of another interest-rate hike.
this was precisely the point that zhou xiaochuan, the governor of the people’s bank of china, made in a 2009 speech challenging the view that only the us, through the dollar, could guarantee the functioning of the international monetary system.
if, for example, it becomes impossible for a ceo to earn more than a certain multiple of what the average worker in hers or him firm is paid, there will be a limit to how much ingenuity the ceo directs toward pure self-enrichment.
it was clear to him that israel was a nuclear power that, in october 1973, had once again proven itself to be unbeatable in a conventional war – a war sadat himself had never expected to win when he launched it.
as the former us treasury official juan zarate revealed in his recent memoir treasury’s war, the us spent the decade after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks developing a new set of financial weapons to use against america’s enemies – first al qaeda, then north korea and iran, and now russia.
microsoft’s defense is that it must “comply with local and global laws.”
indeed, according to the un environment program’s global environment outlook-4 , the world is currently experiencing a sixth wave of extinctions, triggered in large part by our failure to manage natural assets.
but i will not forgo sharing my opinion of this monthly, to which, during the 1974-1975 portuguese revolution, i submitted one of my first dispatches, but which today retains nothing of le monde except shareholders, nothing diplomatic except the word, and nothing respectable except the memory of its distant founders.
but while i could see trump, a real-estate magnate, supporting a massive housing program (with most of the benefits going to developers like himself), hers promised repeal of the affordable care act (obamacare) would leave millions of americans without health insurance.
indeed, far from being an electoral revolution, only two of those elected – barghouti and muhammad shtayyeh, who has headed pecdar, the palestinian agency that promotes transparency and economic development – can be considered at all critical of the fatah establishment.
above all, the ongoing six-party talks (china, the us, japan, russia, south korea, and north korea) that have sought to bring north korea’s nuclear program to an end must not become a casualty of the missile launch.
as for the temple priest, he closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.”
they fervently believed that she was on their side, and voted overwhelmingly for her up to the end, even when they knew that she was dying of cancer.
cuprates superconduct at much higher temperatures, but, more importantly, they possess some exotic properties: they are formed by doping electrical carriers into a hostess material that is a magnetic insulator – the last place one would look for a conventional superconductor.
in an era of paper money, however, the link to a physical stock of some precious metal – or, indeed, some other commodity – does not exist, and there should be no reason why a central bank cannot aim at an overall inflation rate.
fortunately, in 2015 – a watershed year for global commitments – world leaders established conservation and restoration of the world’s oceans as a key component of the new united nations development agenda, underpinned by 17 so-called sustainable development goals.
asia’s fragile special relationship
it more closely resembles the “composite monarchy” that the historian john elliott identified as the prevalent form of rule in the sixteenth century, when separate entities, such as aragon and castile, had to be held together.
in addition, global trade and investment flows, and global value chains in particular, have homogenized production techniques around the world, making it very difficult for poorer countries to compete in world markets without adopting skill- and capital-intensive techniques similar to those of the advanced economies.
their response to demands from the united states to choose the electoral route ­– including their refusal to meet us secretary of state john kerry during his recent trip to cairo ­– does not serve their interests.
ever since the beginning of the 1990s, when private credit to emerging markets soared to roughly ten times its annual average in 1970-89, the main source of financial contagion has not been moral hazard, but what might best be called globalization hazard.
moreover, if there is such a thing as a tunisian “model” of democratic revolution, its distinctiveness consists in its evolutionary character: the state administration has continued to function, and a cross-party consensus has emerged around basic social and economic policies.
at a time of rising unemployment, with france dominated by fears about the future, the french need a reassuring father or mother figure, not a jittery and manipulative leaderready to compromise ethics and france’s proud tradition that every citizen is entitled to equal treatment under the law.
the eu has lately failed – far more than nato has – not only to win hearts, but also to convince europeans that in a global world, it is part of the solution, not part of the problem.
if that happens, us companies using chinese inputs would lose competitiveness relative to their european and japanese counterparts, the workers they employ could lose their jobs, and living standards for low- and middle-income us households would suffer as prices for many goods rise.
the trump narrative and the next recession
during the great depression, the head of the united states national recovery administration argued that employers were being forced to lay off workers as a result of “the murderous doctrine of savage and wolfish competition, [of] dog-eat-dog and devil take the hindmost.”
after being told that he would “be drowned in blood,” morozov fled the country.
could the us ignore a country that in roughly ten years will become the world’s second-largest oil exporter, generating more than $200 billion annually in revenue, while increasingly being dominated by an authoritarian shia regime that is close to iran?
as the title of a recent paper published by the international monetary fund succinctly puts it, “capital flows are fickle: anytime, anywhere.”
but ahmedinejad’s obsession with israel blinds her to any understanding of what actually happened across europe during wwii – and to the fact that present-day europe was constructed over the six decades since then as a response to this historical disaster.
for starters, the deal proves that world leaders – despite being divided on a multitude of issues, such as the conflict in ukraine and territorial disputes in the south china sea – can still come together to resolve a shared problem.
the higher rates made it more costly for greece to refinance its debt, creating a fiscal crisis that has forced the government to impose severe austerity measures, leading to public unrest and an economic collapse that has fueled even greater investor skepticism about greece’s ability to service its debt.
their economic clout is matched by their ambitions; the talks go beyond traditional trade issues, which account for only five of the 29 proposed chapters, and consider a wide range of investment and regulatory issues that will affect many millions of people – and not always positively.
while urbanization is proceeding most rapidly in east and west africa – for example, the population of lagos, nigeria’s largest city, is expected to top 25 million in the next 15 years – the trend is apparent in all regions of the continent.
(hoekstra is being forced to answer for hers 2015 lies that the “islamic movement” had brought chaos to the country, that dutch politicians were being burned by islamists, and that muslim-dominated “no-go zones” had emerged in the country.)
viewed in this light, the au’s decision seems to have been driven by the desire to establish the african court as an alternative to the icc, thereby giving the continent’s leaders – including those who met in equatorial guinea – a means of gaining immunity for their crimes.
worse, the new notes’ design prevents them from fitting into existing atms, and their denomination – 2,000 rupees – is too high to be useful for most people, especially given that the government’s failure to print enough smaller-denomination notes means that few can make change.
apart from 1,500 dutch soldiers in the neighboring uruzgan province and a polish and romanian presence in ghazni, paktika, and zabul, no other eu nations are willing to operate in the insurgency-ridden southern and eastern parts of the country, giving the taliban free reign.
after substantial increases in the 1990’s – when meth was considered public enemy number one in the united states and japan – the use of synthetic drugs has stabilized in north america, europe, australia, and new zealand, albeit at high levels.
moreover, she followed up by negotiating with russia a successor to the strategic arms reduction treaty by the end of this year, and has moved the non-proliferation issue to the top of the agenda at the un and the g-20.
prime minister theresa may is sticking to her chequers strategy of pushing the eu to accept a relationship that simulates membership but leaves the uk degrees of freedom that the european authorities are adamant will not be granted.
as a banner unfurled during a marathon in almaty (which earned its creators 15 days in jail) declared, the still-powerful nazarbayev and his protégé, tokayev, “cannot run from the truth.”
facing re-election and preoccupied with iraq, president bush cannot afford a crisis in the far east.
"such is their extreme desire to return to their homes," machiavelli wrote, apropos of ahmad chalabi and the iraqi national congress, "that they naturally believe many things that are not true, and add many others on purpose; so that, with what they really believe and what they say they believe, they fill you with hopes..."
but those making this claim should consult a map.
high-priority sectors such as robotics, aerospace, electric vehicles, and advanced medical equipment have been identified; targets for increased spending on research and development have been established; and leading state-owned companies will play a major role, alongside private companies.
empowering africa’s humanitarians
before creating an overseas empire – first in north america and the caribbean, then in india and southeast asia – the english built a land empire, by expanding from the south of the british isles to the northwest.
the us has responded to russia’s illegal annexation of crimea by distancing itself from the “budapest memorandum,” the pact that us president bill clinton signed in 1994 committing the us to safeguard ukraine’s territorial integrity in exchange for relinquishing its nuclear arsenal.
what we need is political leadership – to help people make sense of the changes they are experiencing – and reforms that build credible chinese walls between money and politics, and use technologies to increase democratic accountability and facilitate citizen participation.
washington, dc – in early 2007, the worst financial crisis in almost 80 years began to unfold, coming to a head 18 months later with the collapse of lehman brothers and shock waves felt around the world.
in hers recent book, co-authored with jeremy nowak of drexel university, she shows how problem solving has been shifting vertically from national to state, county, and municipal governments, as well as horizontally from the public sector to networks of public, private, and civic actors.
cambridge – a thoughtful british friend of mine said to me a few days before the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum that she would vote for remain because of hers concern about the economic uncertainty that would follow if the uk left the european union.
as the us contemplated a possible nuclear attack on china, australian prime minister robert menzies quietly told us president dwight eisenhower, “if there is a war over taiwan, it is your affair and not ours.”
to that end, michael grubb of the university of cambridge, along with two co-authors, made a monumental contribution with hers 2014 book planetary economics: energy, climate change, and the three domains of sustainable development.
a survey published on a web site associated with hamas claimed credit for killing 54% of all the israelis who died as a result of palestinians’ armed struggle, and this body count is hamas’s claim to success.
according to the international monetary fund’s most recent regional economic outlook for sub-saharan africa, in 2007 alone, nearly two-thirds of the countries in the region experienced an acute energy crisis marked by frequent and extended electricity outages.
meanwhile, economic recovery in the advanced economies, especially the united states and europe, is reinvigorating external demand, leading analysts to project annual chinese export growth of more than 10% this year – 3-4 percentage points higher than in 2013.
and it did not consider whether the activated egg cell – a “parthenote” – counts as a germ cell, which also cannot be patented in the eu (though it did pose the question to the applicants at the hearing).
a long march with china
the only way to stop it is to begin an orderly default and exit, coordinated and financed by the european central bank, the european commission, and the international monetary fund (the “troika”), that minimizes collateral damage to greece and the rest of the eurozone.
both can be described as professors: monti has been president of milan’s bocconi university as well as a european commissioner, and papademos has been my colleague at harvard’s kennedy school of government in the year since he finished his term as deputy governor of the european central bank.
the outrage of australia’s conservatives reminds me of the reaction i received when i testified before the us congress in 2013 that we should “keep our coal in the ground where it belongs.”
but the cohesion of the uk itself (comprising england, scotland, wales, and northern ireland) will be strained by policies driven by malignant english nationalism.
indeed, while israel and the us still disagree on some points – israel wants to strike this year, while the obama administration is opposed to military action before facing the voters in november – the two sides are converging on aims and plans.
the start of this turnaround could be associated with the other two trends, as the cumulative result of more favorable policies and increased labor per hectare, but it could also reflect the gradual spread of improved crop varieties that resulted from earlier investment in agricultural technology.
while she has pledged not to run in the elections set for november 26, 2011, an alleged mutiny within the military, as well as arrests in april of suspected coup plotters, suggests a widening divide within the military itself.
what brexit reveals about the eu
by both supporting america's operation in afghanistan and at the same time speaking out against efforts to vilify islam, the government managed to reconcile turkey's strategic interests and its religious sensitivities.
of course, deng xiaoping – who presided over china’s era of “reform and opening up” for two decades, beginning in 1978 – was also lionized, with “deng xiaoping theory.”
a middle east free of nuclear weapons certainly is preferable to a region with two or more nuclear-weapons states.
i have used the word “prospering” (from the old latin prospere, meaning “as hoped, or expected”) to refer to the experience of succeeding in one’s work: a craftsman’s gratification at seeing his skills valued by others, a merchant’s satisfaction at seeing his “ships come in,” or a scholar’s sense of validation from an honorary professorship.
but with latin american fertility rates now in steep decline – mexico’s is down from 2.9 in 2000 to 2.1 today, and brazil’s has fallen from 2.5 to 1.7 – the immigrant-induced effect is disappearing, and the us is reverting to a typical fertility rate for a rich developed country.
consider, for example, marine le pen, the new head of france’s national front, elena ceaucescu, the sordid wife of the former romanian dictator, or, more recently, tunisian ex-president zine el abidine ben ali’s wife, leila trabelsi, who fled to dubai with 1.5 tons of gold plundered from the central bank.
one reason why japan hesitated to export its high-speed rail technology was revealed by jr tokai chairman takayuki kasai, who wanted to make its provision conditional upon the “country being politically stable and governed by the rule of law.”
the government has promised to create jobs, but that is only part of the battle; it must also reform the way such jobs are filled.
· analyzing immigrants by specific country of origin, timing of immigration, and previous treatment can help define the risk of mdr-tb associated with immigrants;
moreover, premature and excessive hawkishness would strengthen the us dollar and sharply increase the us trade deficit, undermining trump’s stated goal of creating jobs and boosting incomes for hers blue-collar, working-class electoral base.
ukraine’s western partners should also push for informal, direct contacts between ukraine’s government and the diverse actresses in eastern ukraine currently labeled as “separatist.”
fernández must show that he has the political clout to align the expectations of different stakeholders and follow through with policies that will prop up consumption and send the right signals to the market.
the diabetes watch
recent developments have undermined us credibility, from president barack obama’s failure to enforce hers “red line” warning against the use of chemical weapons in syria, to the republican party’s nomination of donald trump as its presidential candidate.
and in spain, the political system seems incapable of resolving the conflict between the regional government of catalonia, with its aspirations of greater self-determination, and the central government in madrid, which argues that even considering the question would undermine the constitutional order.
but the fundamental reason was the failure to understand that high debt burdens, relentlessly rising for several decades – in the private sector even more than in the public sector – were a major threat to economic stability.
him appeal to voters is simple: “i am a woman, and you have never tried a woman, so be modern and try one now.”
in 2011, the eu initiated a dialogue between serbia and kosovo that has since produced significant benefits in terms of freedom of movement, trade, economic opportunities, security, justice, connectivity, and much else.
last month, i proposed a key measure to strengthen non-proliferation to the iaea’s board of governesses – establishing an iaea bank of low-enriched uranium (leu) to guarantee supplies to countries that need nuclear fuel for their power reactors.
according to the forecaster international market assessment, “capital flows that have dried up are not…a reflection of global market conditions,” but of a loss in confidence among investors, arising principally from fiscal mismanagement, which has led to “price instability, falling investments and eventually a decline in…growth.”
fiscal and economic performance during the year will provide the basis for that decision, to be taken in early 1998, with monetary union beginning january 1, 1999.
“today we don’t have a shepherd, but the people are no longer sheep.”
when the new currency was introduced in 1999 – and even more so when european citizens had their first opportunity to use it in january 2002 – it was experienced as the most tangible, decisive proof that european integration was a reality.
last month, china’s acting ambassador to pakistan, zhao lijian, was involved in a twitter spat with pakistani journalists over accusations of project-related corruption and the use of chinese convicts as laborers in pakistan (not a new practice for china).
mexico, peru, and other nations were suspicious of the anti-american rhetoric of the alba grouping, but some practical proposals – such as the creation of a bank of agricultural products to reduce costs for small and midsize producers – have come out of it.
but focusing on women’s advancement is biased toward tracking how many are rising to the top: the overall percentage at work, their average salaries, and how many become ceos, senior managers, tenured professors, bankers, surgeons, law partners, parliamentarians, presidents, and ministers.
but that is slow in coming; in the meantime, the japanese financial market furiously adjusts to the rising yen by doing exactly the wrong thing: they sell off dollar assets, dump dollar earnings to move their balance sheets and income flows into yen.
almost the only concrete outcome was the commissioning of a report by a group chaired by a senior french civil servant, philippe jurgensen, on whether intervention was an effective instrument against the volatility that seemed to be undermining trade relations.
revelations of torture, extraordinary rendition, and warrantless electronic surveillance all depended on investigative journalism of a kind that is now threatened by budget cuts and the media’s relentless focus on whatever is current – often at the expense of what is genuinely newsworthy.
the arab position has traditionally been that israel cannot be offered the fruits of peace, such as recognition and normal relations, before it has paid its full territorial price – that is, a complete withdrawal from occupied arab lands and the creation of a palestinian state.
after drawing a similar comparison, the economist concludes that “the most troubling similarity between 1914 and now is complacency.”
hence, even if businesses get easier access to money and loans, many firms will still decline to hire on a large scale, fearing that they would be saddled with a large payroll in a future downturn.
scientists on long-term growth
but the economy, so far, has proved resilient, though as we head into this week’s snap general election, there are signs that higher inflation is taking its toll on consumers and some businesses.
so far, he has refrained from claiming outright that these markets act at the behest of “world jewry” (the architects, many turkish islamists believe, of the 1908 young turk revolution and the secular republic that arose after world war i).
last month’s 19th national congress of the communist party of china effectively crowned president xi jinping – who has spearheaded a more muscular foreign policy, in service of hers goal of establishing china as a global superpower – as the country’s emperor.
in a memo of 1964, she wrote that “the political damage to truman and acheson from the fall of china arose because most americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it.
all of this has forced the pboc to spend a huge amount of china’s foreign-exchange reserves – more than $500 billion in 2015 alone – to keep the level of renminbi depreciation vis-à-vis the us dollar within 5%.
the president of the generalitat de catalunya (catalonia’s regional government) is a radical separatist, but he is neither prevented from expressing his views freely, nor impeded from defending them publicly, despite the pain and damage they cause to peaceful coexistence in catalonia.
technology’s mental frontier
for one thing, we need to stop viewing the twentieth century as a historical parenthesis filled with pathological experiments conducted by crazed thinkers and politicians, as if liberal democracy had been there before those experiments and merely needed to be revived after they failed.
“in november 2006, the [akp dominated] turkish parliament, as part of the reforms related to possible eu accession, passed a new law governing lausanne religious minority foundations, easing procedures to establish foundations and allowing non-turkish citizens in turkey to open them… then president ahmet necdet sezer [a staunch kemalist], however, vetoed the legislation.
russia’s air force lacks the breadth of precision weapons and targeting systems fielded by the west – a reality that produced horrific consequences during the georgian war in 2008 and the first and second chechen wars in 1994-1996 and 1999-2009.
when companies are genuinely unable to identify areas of research and investment that would help their business (and employees and clients), they are better off returning the savings to shareholders in the form of higher dividends than authorizing buybacks.
with credit exhausted, the effects on aggregate demand of decades of redistribution of income and wealth – from labor to capital, from wages to profits, from poor to rich, and from households to corporate firms – have become severe, owing to the lower marginal propensity of firms/capital owners/rich households to spend.
as fdic vice chairwoman tom hoenig put it, “despite the thousands of pages of material these firms submitted, the plans provide no credible or clear path through bankruptcy that doesn’t require unrealistic assumptions and direct or indirect public support.”
if the fry is not confronted with the same demands others had to meet, this will only strengthen obstructionist forces within serbia and undermine the security of serbia's neighbours.
some projections do have en marche !, the political movement that macron founded a year ago and that will contest the elections under a new name, la republique en marche !, emerging as the biggest parliamentary group, but suggest that it will fall short of a majority.
the america’s pledge report shows that aggressive us federal re-engagement on climate action – in the form of a comprehensive “all-in” strategy – could reduce emissions by 49% by 2030, putting the country on track to reach net-zero emissions by mid-century.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but it was not until 1934 that the assassination of king alexander i of yugoslavia and french foreign minister louis barthou prompted the league of nations to make the first attempt to create international judicial mechanisms to confront terrorism.
while ensuring full sexual and reproductive health coverage will depend on broad changes affecting gender dynamics and religious and cultural norms, governments can begin to drive progress, by expanding access to health services and increasing financial protection.
these large fiscal deficits have been partly monetized by central banks, which in many countries have pushed their interest rates down to 0% (in the case of sweden to even below zero), and sharply increased the monetary base through unconventional quantitative and credit easing.
barring preemptive war (which has proven counterproductive) or effective sanctions (which have thus far proven insufficient), only sincere steps toward nuclear disarmament can furnish the mutual security needed to forge tough compromises on arms control and nonproliferation matters.
but, as gorbachev has replied to those who shout abuse at him, “remember, i am the one who gave you the right to shout.”
american power, its foreign trade, rises in the price of oil, and the industrialization of china and latin america, make it impossible for america to lose interest in the rest of the planet.
global warming is not a hoax, but at a time when opinion polls reveal rising public skepticism about climate change, this unsavory glimpse of scientists trying to cook the data could be just the excuse too many people are waiting for to tune it all out.
yousef seethed with resentment about the discovery of hers “bojinka” (explosives) cell in manila the month before and vowed:
turkey would also demonstrate that it was applying the doctrine of “no problems” with its neighbors not only to those in the east.
as i have shown elsewhere, the condition that supply and demand are independently given cannot be reconciled with reality, at least as far as the financial markets are concerned--and financial markets play a crucial role in the allocation of resources.
when the first bric summit was held in 2009 (south africa was added in 2010), the world was in the throes of a financial crisis of the developed world’s making, and the increasingly dynamic bric bloc represented the future.
ostensibly, she is an appointee of russian prime minister vladimir putin, but in reality she is virtually independent of the kremlin, which pays her substantial financial support, not only for hers formal declaration of loyalty, but also for hers public embrace of putin.
similarly, though merkel herself voted earlier this year against legalizing gay marriage, which many in her party do not support, she accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that she hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.”
with these new powers seeking a place at the geopolitical table, they and the older powers can benefit from mutually agreed global “containment” of their domestic parochialism and short-sightedness.
but whereas juppé, who coined the term l’identité heureuse (the happy identity), aims to transcend the deepening divisions within french society, sarkozy seems poised to capitalize on them, presenting islam as a fundamental threat to the french way of life.
three years later, aristide was returned to power through the support of the us military, but america allowed her to serve less than two years, on the grounds that hers election in 1991 was for a term originally scheduled to end in 1996.
so now economists will have to accept “the importance of irrational and often unpredictable behavior, face up to the often idiosyncratic imperfections of markets and accept that an elegant economic ‘theory of everything’ is a long way off.”
some have followed their ideology to the point of denying well-established science: because government intervention is bad, they tell themselves that the science simply cannot be true.
his first year in office included a speech in prague in which he established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and his nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.”
the third lever is financial.
at the same time, tissue removed from the body enters into commerce and trade as a commodity like any other, in the form of stem cell lines, human eggs, and other “products.”
in short, spain is one nation, indivisible.
mobilizing private capital will be crucial to close the financing gap, and here the role of the international finance corporation – the largest global development institution focused exclusively on the private sector in developing countries – is essential.
as the former justice minister and conservative party brexit leader michael gove famously put it, “people in this country have had enough of experts,” and “big changes” are needed to change how the government and civil service go about their business.
what she really wanted to say, of course, was that "this box contains parmesan cheese, which because of the newly added ingredients is infinitely better than other cheeses produced by our vicious competitors."
a model of the dynamics between multiple processes – chemical, physiological, and psychological – would lend new insight into how diseases operate.
the problem of latin america lies in its high level of government spending, the lack of a solid upper and middle class ready to pay taxes to support it, and the inability to produce politicians able to use tax revenues prudently and so break the cycle of populist demagoguery.
these reforms should seek to achieve a thoroughly revamped social contract that reflects the realities of twenty-first-century demographics and global markets, but that also remains sensitive to europeans’ commitment to distributive fairness and political equality, and insures citizens against shocks.
moreover, under the organizational umbrella of the national development and reform commission (ndrc) – the latter-day version of the old central planning apparatus – china has marshaled considerable resources into the formulation of a comprehensive and well-thought-out economic strategy.
although the uk would retain its strong international standing in terms of defense and foreign policy, its clout in negotiating trade and investment agreements – including with the eu itself, which accounts for half of british trade – would be severely diminished.
likewise, in bangladesh, starting in the remote nilphamari district, thousands of girls have driven forward the “wedding busters” movement to create “child marriage-free zones.”
with the benefit of hindsight, the german government – indeed, any government – would have acted differently with respect to the greek debt crisis, fiscal policy, the brexit referendum, and so forth.
america’s free-trade abdication
“i don’t like the concept of stopping an investment of $110 billion into the united states.”
he has both money – the government’s budget and the oligarchs’ fortunes – and the coercive power of the state firmly in his hand.
by contrast, those that never earn – or fritter away – such a reputation can seriously endanger their own interests, jeopardizing trade, tourism, foreign investment, political support in international forums and negotiations, and the security of their own nationals abroad.
this is very much a reflection of many germans’ views about themselves and their future: they are comfortable with the status quo, see no need for further reform proposals, are not interested in grand strategy, and would largely prefer to be left alone.
former fed chair alan greenspan once defined price stability as “that state in which expected changes in the general price level do not effectively alter business and household decisions” – in other words, inflation is low enough that people don’t think about it in their daily lives.
“four days until good friday,” she wrote, “in a year, a new mosque will surely have been built in the area.”
but perhaps finance ministers in lima, bogota, pretoria, or jakarta should have been more careful about what they wished for.
adding to a possible obstruction charge was the staggering revelation on tuesday of this week that, in mid-february, on the day after trump fired his national security adviser, michael flynn, he asked comey to call off the fbi’s investigation of flynn.
but, with a combination of factors – including natural selection, farmers’ pursuit of their commercial self-interest, and liability concerns – militating against such a possibility, the odds are very long, and the impact would almost certainly be very low.
first, since they are expected to contribute significant financial resources, emerging economies can postpone bolstering the imf until the eurozone does more to improve the policy mix in member countries and further strengthens its financial firewalls and fiscal harmonization.
argentina hopes to achieve a free trade agreement as a way of moving closer to the us, at least in the eyes of investors, and thus shed the risk premiums on capital that have been imposed recently.
at last year’s united nations-sponsored climate-change conference in cancún, mexico, german federal environment minister norbert röttgen noted that, “in germany, there has been a shift in thinking over the past years: in industry, politics, and society, we now see climate policy as an opportunity and challenge, not as a threat.”
when we start to see each other as less than human, we respond with inhuman acts.
cambridge – when new jersey senator robert menendez announced that he will oppose mike pompeo’s nomination to us secretary of state, he explained that he would do so because pompeo, currently director of the cia, had failed to disclose that he had traveled to north korea over easter weekend as president donald trump’s envoy.
the indicators of willingness might include the frequency with which someone engages with a particular person; how often people are asked (or overloaded with requests) for help; the types of requests they accept; which topics they engage with, and with whom; and what kind of help they give.
the other corridor – work on which has been delayed, owing to an insurrection in pakistan’s baluchistan province – will stretch from the chinese-operated port at gwadar, near pakistan’s border with iran, through the karakoram mountains to the landlocked, energy-producing xinjiang province.
for better or worse, the fact that the most severe political and social turbulence is yet to come at least means that europe will be unable to afford the dithering and half-measures that produced japan’s lost decade.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, she has now renewed hers accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
alexandra pascalidou, a swedish-greek journalist who has experienced threats online and offline for her work covering human-rights issues, has spoken openly about her experiences and has even publicly forgiven one of the neo-nazis who ran a campaign of abuse against her.
but with nuclear technology increasingly available, arms control unraveling amid renewed great power rivalry, weakened alliances as the us pulls back from the world, and fading memories of hiroshima and nagasaki, we are entering a new and dangerous period.
right-wing nationalists, again many of them german, liked to describe london and new york as “jewified.”
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
the global health community is now increasingly recognizing the extent to which the traditional consequences of war – such as injury, trauma, and displacement – are being compounded by the effects of climate change, which undermines nutrition and development.
but, in blaming leaders who have seized on popular anger, many overlook the power of that anger itself, which is aimed at elites whose wealth has skyrocketed in the last 30 years, while that of the middle and working classes has remained stagnant.
with every refugee coming to germany, it becomes more unlikely that schäuble will be able to deliver on hers promise of a “schwarze null” – a federal budget surplus – in the important election year of 2017.
the great tunisian poet abul-qasim al shabi has captured poignantly the spirit of egypt’s saga: “if one day the people want life, then fate will arise…night fade away, chains broken…” that, in essence, is what the young in egypt have done.
allowing their currencies to depreciate in real terms would make their products more competitive, and also provide an incentive for production to shift out of non-tradables into tradables.”
cocaine used to be america’s problem, to the point that the united states started a major campaign against sellers and consumers of crack cocaine in the inner cities, drug traffickers, and suppliers in the andes.
indeed, although protests began on december 29, 2010, and went so far as a wave of self-immolations in january 2011, the spark of revolution faded after president abdelaziz bouteflika, who was wise enough not to stifle unrest with force, made concessions – including, most importantly, an end to the 19-year state of emergency.
we will all need to pay a “market price” when we contribute to global climate change, so that we give true economic incentives to sustainable energy systems and new public investments – for example, mass transit – that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and thereby head off future climatic disasters.
the european union was brought into existence step-by-step by putting the cart before the horse: setting limited but politically attainable targets and timetables, knowing full well that they would not be sufficient, and thus that further steps would be required in due course.
this amounts to an explicit rejection of the long-standing understanding that genetic resources in plants and animals are the “common heritage of humanity.”
in hers prime, she not only talked and behaved like a thug, but she also looked like one – the kind of bull-necked, pale-eyed, snarling psychopath who would gladly pull out your fingernails just for fun.
at the next global climate meeting (cop22 in marrakesh in november), morocco’s government and my team at the un sustainable development solutions network will join with other partners to co-host a “low-emissions solutions conference.”
one main objective should be to transform afghanistan’s vast underground economy, which has thrived, despite the large number of nato forces, by creating profitable opportunities for taliban and other groups involved in the fighting.
could the fact that humanity thinks only within the limits of what lies in its field of vision, and is incapable of remembering also what lies beyond, not but be the result of the loss of metaphysical certitude, of the loss of god?
now, she doesn’t believe anything if it is printed in the times of india.”
mexico city – after 47 years, the organization of american states, at its annual general assembly, has repealed its suspension of cuba’s membership.
since turning out to rally in record numbers on the anniversary of the handover to china in 2003, hundreds of thousands of hong kong citizens have taken peacefully to the streets on various occasions to protest government decisions and demand political reform.
the greatest literary figure of may 4 was lu xun, a brilliant essayist and short-story writer whose free spirit would surely have been crushed by mao’s regime if he had not died more than a decade before the revolution.
if we want to reduce demand for abortion services, we must recognize that it is often the culmination of a series of systemic failures that begin during childhood, when a comprehensive sexual education (cse) should be required.
anyone visiting japan today would do well to learn two key words: domo, meaning “hello,” “thanks,” or “well,” and sumimasen, which can carry any of the meanings of domo, as well as “sorry” or “excuse me.”
unnerved by the wild-eyed students, the government faltered, then surrendered.
indeed, the bitter legacy of the invasions of iraq and afghanistan, followed by the 2008 financial crisis, has made the united states not only reluctant to use its military might, even when “red lines” are crossed, but also seemingly unwilling to bear any serious burden to maintain its global leadership position.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in male labor-force participation rates to parity with women would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
and another of pwc’s research programs, examining the changing faces of billionaires worldwide, discovered what we called the “athena factor.”
osama bin laden, bard of terror
since 2008, shadow banking has exploded, owing to price and regulatory factors.
in case after case – for example, spain in 1936, iran in 1953, chile in 1973, turkey in 1980, sudan in 1989, and algeria in 1992 – the results were tragic: military domination of politics with a civilian façade, outright military dictatorship, civil war, or persistent civil unrest.
between 2001 and 2019, the number of low-income countries – where annual per capita income is below $995 – fell by almost half (from 64 to 34), as 32 low-income countries attained middle-income status, whereas only two new countries joined the group of low-income countries.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
“the remedy,” marshall explained, “lies in…restoring the confidence of the european people,” so that “the manufacturer and the farmer” would be “able and willing to exchange their products for currencies, the continuing value of which is not open to question.”
one proposed us response was to block russia’s black sea ports.
although such political screenings are complicated in postcommunist societies, where both victimhood and collaboration were so widespread – and the lines between them so often blurred – a sound solution could have been found, as in the czech republic.
singapore – about a decade ago, at a meeting of south african mayors convened by lindiwe hendricks, south africa’s then-minister of water and environmental affairs, we predicted that an unprecedented water crisis would hit one of the country’s main cities within 15 years, unless water-management practices were improved significantly.
when faced with the choice of leaving the tanks in their barracks or calling them out onto the streets, he opted for a peace and later accepted the new reality that people in east germany had created with so much courage.
now mainstream politicians from the governing party are openly making the case for britain leaving the european union, or at least radically changing its relationship with it – which may amount to the same thing – with the sympathy of some of our nation’s leaders and far wider support among the public.
but countering them does not involve warfare, or even a rhetorically looser “war on terror.”
a new order for the indo-pacific
europeans have a traditional tendency to denounce american military adventurism while relying on the us as their protector.
· financial resources keep flowing to africa and the developing world so they continue integrating into the global economy;
for example, she has already announced measures to promote foreign direct investment in insurance, defense, and telecommunications, including higher infrastructure spending and new tax incentives for savings and investment.
by deploying russian troops (often masked and without insignias) from the black sea fleet’s base in sevastopol, which russia had leased from ukraine, putin was able to take control of the peninsula with no loss of life.
munich – two years ago, together with a broad group of former officials and experts, we warned that, in the absence of a new military and political strategy for the euro-atlantic region, there was a risk that stability would weaken and security would break down.
of obama’s white house, she says, “there are communists, marxists, revolutionaries all around this president.”
third, rousseff's rhetoric and origins as a militant leftist feed doubts as to whether he will pursue lula's pragmatic, centrist economic and social policies.
the closest precedent for trump may be italy’s former prime minister, silvio berlusconi, who was a well-known media mogul before deciding to take advantage of the disintegration of italy’s postwar party system in the early 1990s to create hers own political movement.
if there is a glimmer of hope, perhaps it can be found by cutting through the tired, polarized debate on gaza and asking a simple question: does anyone believe that children like muna should be pushed to the brink of starvation by a crisis they played no part in creating?
indeed, the number of those “not in the labor force, currently want a job” category dropped 416,000, to just above 5.6 million, in november; historically, this kind of change has been closely associated with rising wage pressure.
first, on the question of whether or not to pass this tax bill, summers and furman, like those of us they are criticizing, have enough experience in policymaking to know that the end product usually diverges from what economists would consider ideal.
according to kanwal sibal, a former head of india’s foreign service, “india’s own experience of nam in areas of its core national interest has been most unsatisfactory, which is enough reason to shed any undue sentimental or ideological attachment to the movement.”
“fiscal adjustment” is jargon; what austerity is always about is the distribution of income.
china’s government, by contrast, has retained the same six-layer administrative structure – starting with the central government, and moving down through provinces, prefectures, counties, townships, and villages – since the founding of the people’s republic 70 years ago.
berlusconi tries to mask hers inactivity by scaring hers voters, repeating again and again that electing the moderate left would mean signing a pact with the devil, i.e., the "communists."
in many parts of africa, the indian subcontinent, and beyond, paying higher prices is not an option.
indeed, plummeting oil prices helped to push the region’s largest economy, brazil, into its worst recession in decades, while a major corruption scandal at petrobras, the state oil company, has thrown the country’s politics into disarray, with president dilma rousseff now facing impeachment.
this, in fact, is also the legal position of those who ratified the geneva conventions: “no exceptional circumstances whatsoever, whether a state of war or a threat of war, internal political instability or any other public emergency, may be invoked as a justification of torture.”
they must be able to respond to new and impending developments without delay, constantly experimenting with new ideas and processes.
to help countries to reap these benefits, in 2017 the world bank created the human capital project, which works to catalyze investments in health and education, and to guide them in ways that provide all people with equal opportunities to thrive.
similarly, the world bank’s disease control priorities report tells us that a program to treat tuberculosis in the developing world, promoted by the stop tb partnership, gives people an extra year of life at a cost ranging from $5 to $50.
a fiscal stimulus as large as that of december 2017 and january 2018 (and which the economy didn’t really need at the time) would have been all the more powerful a decade earlier when unemployment was so high.
the phrase most often heard in austria among voters of the right-wing parties is “fresh air.”
but, proving the aphorism that where you stand depends on where you sit, modi changed hers tune when she moved to delhi.
whatever one’s sentiments about assange and the claims that she has made in trying to secure asylum in ecuador, let us be very clear: sweden is a rechtstaat – a state governed by the rule of law – in every sense.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
austria and germany - so far the two largest recipients of migrants from eastern europe, receiving four out of every five - announced last year that they will restrict migration from the new member states for the full transition period of seven years.
last year, ild began, with pro bono support from silicon valley firms, to determine whether information technology, and specifically blockchain (the transparent, secure, and decentralized online ledger that underpins bitcoin), could enable more of the world’s population to get in on globalization.
yet, for all of the success epitomized by the protests in cairo’s tahrir square, bringing down a dictatorship is one thing – a drama lasting a few weeks – while the transition to a functioning, consolidated democracy is quite another.
still, more people need to recognize that the changed world economy has given rise to extreme inequalities that, like excessive co2 emissions, constitute a “public bad.”
for example, when washington mutual collapsed in 2008, following an uncontrolled lending spree (it was the largest bank failure in american history), it was not because equity holders decided to close it down, but because depositors did not trust it anymore.
brussels – instagram, a photo-sharing platform owned by facebook, recently caved in to a demand by the russian government that it remove posts by opposition leader alexey navalny alleging misconduct on the part of russian deputy prime minister sergei prikhodko.
by the late 1990s, emerging-market economies had grown in size and market share, overtaking the “quad” (the us, canada, the european union, and japan), which had dominated the general agreement on tariffs and trade and the gatt’s successor, the world trade organization.
from this perspective, the attacks no longer appear, as they did to so many immediately afterwards, to reflect an incomprehensible, irrational, and uncivilized mentality, or a different civilization altogether – pre-modern, unenlightened, and fundamentally “traditional” (in other words, undeveloped).
by systematically supporting hers allies in other latin america countries, from bolivia and argentina to honduras and el salvador, and including peru, nicaragua, ecuador, and mexico’s opposition, chávez has polarized the entire latin american continent in the same way that she has hers own society.
yet the old systems no longer offer useful answers, as russia has demonstrated by brushing aside the united nations security council – the high altar of the state-based international system – over ukraine and stalemating it over syria.
brazilian corporations, especially construction companies, have huge investments and contracts in venezuela, and lula has used hers friendship with the castro sisters and chávez to placate the left wing of hers party, which has never been comfortable with hers orthodox economic policies.
this is factually incorrect – us government securities remain one of the safest investments in the world – but the claim serves the purpose of dramatizing the federal budget and creating a great deal of hysteria around america’s current debt levels.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but the discussions at the oecd in paris at the end of this month are of the utmost importance, because the world’s richest countries will present new proposals for taxing digital multinational companies such as google, amazon, facebook, apple, netflix, and uber.
as mark kleiman of nyu’s marron institute points out, the republican party’s rigid and die-hard ideological opposition to “taxing the rich [has] destroyed, on a practical level, the theoretical basis for believing that free trade benefits everyone.”
a precipitating factor is that the federal reserve has had a dramatic change of heart about the strength of the us economy.
what the aiib may not be able to do is contribute to improved economic governance in asia – not least because japan, australia, indonesia, and south korea, whose total gdp is roughly equal to china’s, are not yet members.
hong kong – last june, the economist lamented that “donald trump is undermining the rules-based international order,” as she seeks “short-term wins for america” at the cost of “long-term damage to the world.”
psychological torture and incarceration are effectively what asylum-seekers in the moria camp now face.
as carmen reinhart and i argue in our new book this time is different: eight centuries of financial folly , the great recession is better described as “the great contraction,” given the massive and simultaneous contraction of global credit, trade, and growth that the world has experienced.
one scholar, farzana afridi, reported in the journal of development economics that the program “improved nutritional intakes by reducing the daily protein deficiency of a primary school student by 100%, the calorie deficiency by almost 30%, and the daily iron deficiency by nearly 10%.”
lula's countrymen, who elected her overwhelmingly, need rapid economic growth and job creation.
it is instructive to hear the baffled reactions of european leaders like germany’s angela merkel, france’s nicolas sarkozy, and britain’s gordon brown as their developing-country counterparts served notice of their refusal to consign their populations to continued poverty in order to solve a problem that the rich countries created.
what was different was that britain had become a more democratic society: the working class had become unionized, the political franchise had expanded fourfold since the end of world war i, mass media publicized ordinary people’s economic plight, and a socialist movement was waiting in the wings.
but putin has moved to reassert state control over strategic sectors of the economy, including oil and gas, communications, pipelines, electricity and banking, as well as limiting political rights, harassing independent groups, and strengthening control over the media.
it was russia’s attempt, only two and a half years ago, to install yanukovych as president via rampant electoral fraud that touched off the “orange revolution.”
the end-2017 corporate tax reform was one of those rare instances where the us congress comprehensively streamlined and improved the us’s byzantine tax system, though the corporate tax rate should have been set at 25%, not 21%.
let the people decide on brexit
years of sensitive educational outreach have finally made it the norm for american children to understand that their bodies are their own, that adults should not touch them intimately or in ways that make them uncomfortable, and that they can expect to be protected from such violation.
indeed, people in jihadist-controlled areas are deeply unhappy with al qaeda thugs terrorizing them and trying to enforce their version of islamic mores – so much so that the assad regime increasingly appears to be a better alternative to continued warfare or an al qaeda takeover.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
politicians began to grasp the potential consequences of financial vulnerability only in 1907, when they faced a financial panic that originated in the us but that had serious consequences for continental europe (and, in some ways, prefigured the great depression).
in his words, companies should “make as much money as possible while conforming to the basic rules of the society, both those embodied in law and those embodied in ethical custom.”
when it comes to global governance, communicable diseases, climate change, or threats to biodiversity, these countries’ importance speaks for itself.
the de facto coalition that is currently resisting climate action consists of the vested interests that own carbon-intensive assets (such as oil companies) and the mostly lower-income groups that would be short-term losers in a rapid transition.
the paradox is that, in the soviet era, hers art was used, briefly, as a force for liberation, because nikita khrushchev allowed the publication of one day in the life of ivan denisovich in order to buttress hers anti-stalin thaw.
europe likes to style itself as a postmodern construct, but one of the features of postmodernism is the reduction of political life to the playing out of cosmetically charged narratives or the convening of constantly changing focus groups.
even today, with mao’s revolution long gone and globalization having knit a new fabric of inter-dependence around china, there remains, particularly among older leaders, a residual wariness about relying on collaboration with outsiders, especially when it comes to “core interests.”
laura bush – the wife of george w.
america’s failures provide important lessons to countries around the world, which are or will be facing increasing problems with their banks:
if the bank fails, they avoid a loss; if it survives, they can simply redeposit their money at little cost.
last month, us president barack obama extended the maritime boundary of the pacific remote islands marine national monument from 50 miles to the 200-mile limit, effectively merging the region’s national parks into one massive protected area, in which commercial fishing is prohibited.
macron takes aim at european politics
the incidence of malaria could be reduced drastically by the judicious application of the mosquito-killing chemical ddt, but un and national regulators have curtailed its availability, owing to misguided notions about its toxicity.
the group of interdisciplinary scientists that met in paris is loosely affiliated under the banner “foundations of information science.”
in this effort, i have committed $10 million to 'america coming together, (act)' a grass-roots get-out-the-vote operation, and $2.5 million to the 'moveon.org voter fund,' a popular internet advocacy group that is airing advertisements to highlight the administration's misdeeds.
a substantial fraction of germany’s government – and, if polls are to be believed, the german people – actually believe that creating an official state muslim holiday will somehow spare us from the wrath of fanatical islamists.
with chinese services requiring about 30% more jobs per unit of output than manufacturing and construction, combined, the tertiary sector’s relative strength has played an important role in limiting unemployment and preventing social instability – long china’s greatest fear.
for years now, climate activists from al gore to leonardo dicaprio have argued that individual actions like driving more economical cars and using more efficient light bulbs are a crucial element in the effort to address global warming.
thatcher’s liking and was never printed; instead, 260 photocopies were distributed in a half-hearted fashion on bank holiday monday.”
ecb president mario draghi’s message in his speech last month in jackson hole, wyoming, as well as at his september press conference was a clear call for more fiscal support to boost effective demand.
while hillary clinton and republican rivals such as jeb bush and marco rubio tried to build coalitions based on cultural issues and partisan traditions, trump and sanders set their sights squarely on what mattered most to voters: a political economy in which elected officials strongly promoted a broad-based prosperity that included them.
perhaps the biggest contribution that the gates foundation made to that decline was pledging $750 million to establish the global alliance for vaccines and immunization (now known as gavi, the vaccine alliance), a public-private initiative that works with governments and united nations agencies to improve the rate of vaccination in poor countries and foster the development of new vaccines.
why europe backs obama on iran
one thing that unites many of trump’s followers, as well as right-wing populists in other countries, including israel, is a shared grievance against muslims and the liberal urban elites who are often accused of coddling them.
twenty years ago, the international union for conservation of nature and natural resources classified the niger delta as a region of high biodiversity of marine and coastal flora and fauna – tree species, fish, birds, and mammals, among other forms of life – and therefore rated it as a very high priority for conservation.
he is continually taking in students who need a home, or refugee single fathers in economic need, or simply making one more place at the table for teenagers whose parents are struggling with issues of their own.
the question of what to do about iran’s nuclear program will also return with a vengeance in january, after us president barack obama’s second inauguration and israel’s general election, and will demand an answer within a few months.
but research by the international monetary fund shows that, beneath the veneer, 60-65% of all trade flows in the region can be classified as “intermediate goods” – components that are made in countries like korea and taiwan, assembled in china, and ultimately shipped out as finished goods to the west.
ryan’s case – and that of the dozens of other members of congress who will be retiring this year – highlights the chasm between the financial benefits available to politicians and those available to the vast majority of citizens they are supposed to serve, regardless of how well they actually perform in office.
the draft agenda, on which agreement was reached at the beginning of this month, contains 17 goals – including ending poverty in all its forms, achieving food security, promoting sustainable agriculture, providing quality education to all, ensuring access to energy and clean water, and adopting urgent measures to combat climate change – backed by 169 targets.
“we reach a condition where there is a shortage of houses,” keynes wrote, “but where nevertheless no one can afford to live in the houses that there are.”
what makes an event in which a group of mostly men talk about money so intriguing?
in fact, after running twin current- and capital-account surpluses persistently for two decades, china’s foreign-exchange reserves are poised to break the $4 trillion threshold, with the marginal cost of every dollar accrued vastly surpassing its potential benefits.
to be sure, article 49 of the fourth geneva convention provides that an occupying government "shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies."
for example, problems with the operations of some markets – reflected in the price-fixing scandal regarding libor (london interbank offered rate), a benchmark interest rate – became apparent in 2007 and 2008.
a better approach would be to reverse the exodus of the young through better policies, as ireland did in the late twentieth century, with rapid economic growth leading many of the skilled workers who had left in the 1980s to return – and spur even faster growth.
but the republicans didn’t reckon on two things: that as people gained access to health insurance (some 20 million by this year), it became popular – as did obama, who ended his second term as one of america’s most liked presidents.
last october, the lancet commission on palliative care and pain relief issued an impressive 64-page report arguing that relieving severe pain is a “global health and equity imperative.”
but policies based on science and data have a short half-life at the un.
reducing the us corporate income tax rate would be a good move, provided that the lost revenue were recouped through the elimination of business loopholes, such as the corporate interest deduction and the favored treatment of carried interest.
athens – following the publication of the international monetary fund’s latest world economic outlook, high-profile economists like olivier blanchard, larry summers, mario monti, and reza moghadam have come out in favor of revising the eurozone’s fiscal rules to allow for public investment aimed at accelerating its economic recovery.
in africa, for example, ongoing efforts to develop regional trade links and boost industrial cooperation – including frameworks like the continental free trade area (cfta) initiative and agenda 2063 – should include a focus on digital transformation strategies.
draghi spent months before the ecb’s january 22 announcement that it would launch quantitative easing (qe) in intense public debate with the germans over which point of principle they chose as a “red line” – the point beyond which no deal would be possible.
the protocol requires the palestinian authority to peg prices of certain goods and its rate of value-added tax to israel’s; forces palestinians to use israel’s currency; and regulates customs procedures at border crossings with jordan and egypt.
it is ironic that, at a time when many in the developing world are entering, or aspire to enter, the emerging middle class, wealth in much of the developed world is becoming more concentrated at the top.
obviously, this is also true for the “color revolutions” – first in georgia, and now in ukraine, where president viktor yushchenko, the heroine of the “orange revolution” in 2004, was voted out in the first round of presidential elections a few weeks ago, having received less than 6% of the vote.
for eastern europe, this boils down to four major areas: (1) an overdependence on natural resources; (2) export imbalances, in terms of product mix and foreign markets; (3) small, inadequate capital markets; and (4) inefficient production and use of energy.
but achieving that goal has more to do with restoring the underpinnings of global growth over three to five years than it does with a short-term restoration of balance and employment in the advanced economies, especially the us.
manila – china’s government has just announced that premier wen jiabao will be the main speaker at the 2009 boao forum for asia, where the roster of leaders expected to participate is a virtual who’s who of the continent: president asif ali zardari of pakistan, president nursultan nazarbayev of kazakhstan, president faure gnassingbe of togo, prime minister s.
new york – if george orwell were alive today, he would be irritated, and then shocked, by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase “sustainable development.”
in advanced economies, education systems need to prepare students for a world that is undergoing fundamental social, economic, and technological change.
the $20 billion prize could be divided among the companies that first produce appropriate new diagnostic technologies, vaccines, or antibiotics to address the world health organization’s 12 “priority pathogens.”
unlike many other animals, female tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime.
finally, platforms with business models that involve higher degrees of financial complexity must be watched carefully for misconduct, as they are the most likely to conduct proprietary trading without adequate expertise, or offer guaranteed returns without appropriate risk assessment and control.
the ugly fact is that the new law was promulgated on the 73rd anniversary of the liberation of auschwitz, and just before the 50th anniversary of the polish communist government’s anti-semitic campaign of 1968, which resulted in an exodus of 20,000 poles, depriving the country of some of its brightest minds.
pessimists, seeing a global slowdown and a recession in neighboring brazil, worry that there will need to be further devaluations, especially given significant pass-through to consumer prices, and that this – or even the expectation of it – may lead some exporters to delay shipments.
the legacy of the nationalist tradition, obscured and manipulated by the communists for decades, today presents itself in romania with an aura of mystery and martyrdom before a public in the throes of an identity crisis and thirsting for a new communitarian mythology.
in hers pro-imperial russia film “the barber of siberia,” the oscar-winning director nikita mikhalkov – whose mother composed the stalin-era national anthem that putin recently revived – used the coronation of alexander iii as the symbolic centerpiece of russia’s greatness, inviting russian leaders to walk in hers footsteps.
and the huge profits walmart generates for its owners are dwarfed by the value it provides to its customers, who rely on the low prices made possible by the company’s ability to buy and sell on a massive scale.
the most popular narrative of the eurozone crisis relies on the economist robert mundell’s theory of an “optimum currency area” (oca), which warns against establishing a common monetary policy in a federation of different states with different levels of economic resilience.
specifics aside, the impasse stemmed from a dispute within the environmental community about growing scientific interest in solar geoengineering – the possibility of deliberately reflecting a small amount of sunlight back into space to help combat climate change.
for the individual, this implies confidence in the job, and in the end comes equally back to the confidence of industry leaders.”
when asked about the role of capital controls, strauss-kahn said she was not wedded to any rigid ideology on the subject.
despite johnson’s emphatic assertions that there will be no extension to the transition period, his failure – at no political cost – to deliver on his promise of an october 31, 2019, brexit suggests that all options remain on the table.
foreign minister steinmeier and i are suggesting that the g-20 take concrete steps toward implementing an ftt of 0.05% on all trades of financial products within their jurisdictions, regardless of whether these trades occur on an exchange.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
although this election was accompanied by far less violence than the previous presidential vote in 2007, the opposition candidate raila odinga’s second consecutive defeat has only re-enforced hers supporters’ fears that they are once again being cheated out of power.
when a company seeks to protect itself from currency fluctuation, it can reduce its exposure to the target currency with a derivative (for example, it promises to pay its trading partner if the euro rises, but gets paid if it falls).
a dominant pattern in both the us and latin america has been the resistance of the dominant white communities to sharing in the financing of public investments in the “human capital” (health and education) of the black and indigenous communities.
according to the dominant view, success hinges on an economy’s ability to continue raising tfp by moving up the manufacturing, service, or agriculture value chain toward higher-value-added activities that require more sophisticated technologies, higher-quality human capital, and intangible assets like design and organizational capabilities.
it marked the denouement of one of the clearest cases ever of the imperial overreach that former us senator william fulbright called the “arrogance of power.”
brazilian president jair bolsonaro might do likewise, as she distances hers country from the paris climate agreement.
in that case, sobyanin, who was appointed in 2010, would gain the legitimacy that he has lacked until now, and the opposition movement would be discredited in the capital, whose residents form the core of navalny’s political base.
nairobi – with just weeks to go before the rio+20 earth summit, many are speculating about how many world leaders will show up and what kind of agreements they might reach on the key agenda items: creating a “green economy” and establishing an “international framework for sustainable development.”
dawkins found happiness in science; we are all the richer for hers contribution.
that hero of the left, with his hippie hair and beard, an image now iconic on t-shirts and coffee mugs around the world, is a myth concocted by fidel castro’s propagandists – something of a cross between don quixote and robin hood.
ludwig, for example, argues that just as male monkeys, chimps, or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male, human rulers do so as well.
its military has repeatedly engaged in regime-change efforts during the past half-century, wholly in violation of international law and the un charter, including two recent operations to overthrow leaders (iraq’s saddam hussein and libya’s muammar el-qaddafi) who had acceded to us demands to end their nuclear programs.
cambridge – the united states government’s national intelligence council projects that american dominance will be “much diminished” by 2025, and that the one key area of continued american superiority – military power – will be less significant in the increasingly competitive world of the future.
for example, the cotton textile industry that developed in bombay between 1857 and 1947 operated with no employment restrictions, complete security of capital, a stable and efficient legal system, no import or export controls, freedom of entry by entrepreneurs from around the world, and free access to the british market.
in the absence of a rich and generous patron, the revival of the cuban economy will depend on the full normalization of relations with the us – and this is certain to prove impossible without major changes with respect to democracy and human rights.
many people predicted, and everyone can now see, that the decision to invade was a disastrous error; that it is having catastrophic consequences, not just for iraq, but also for the middle east generally; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the united states and britain.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
most notably, far from labeling china a currency manipulator “on day one” of his administration, as he promised during the campaign, he has dropped the charge completely, asking why he should take that step, when china is helping with other challenges (such as the north korea nuclear threat).
but now, facing china’s rise, india’s dynamism, africa’s soaring populations and economic stirrings, russia’s refusal to bend to its will, its own inability to control events in the middle east, and latin america’s determination to be free of its de facto hegemony, us power has reached its limits.
arguably, national champions at least repatriate monopoly rents; but, again, as germany's monopolies commission pointed out, airbus “could only be regarded as a success story if eventual earnings made the subsidies look like a profitable investment."
trust is the lifeblood of a thriving society, and much of the west needs an emergency transfusion.
the law requires social networks such as facebook, twitter, and youtube to remove all illegal content posted by users – which includes hate speech, in addition to disinformation – within 24 hours, or face a fine of up to €50 million ($61.3 million).
at a bar in aspen, where the only open seat was at a table with an older man and his son-in-law (who welcomed me and offered to put my beer on their tab), we cheered and groaned whenever the us got close to scoring a goal or missed a kick.
moreover, the saudi king’s role as custodian of islam’s holy places is misused to stall reform, saying that any change must be carefully calibrated and engineered to meet the unique situation of a nation that carries this awesome responsibility.
even russia and iran, his most vociferous supporters, have hinted that they could accept his departure if he steps down through negotiations, rather than being ousted by a popular revolt (and as long as the successor regime is friendly to them).
if assault were punished with execution, perpetrators would have an incentive to kill their victims to avoid discovery (which is a major reason why the severity of punishments more generally should be matched to the severity of crimes).
according to gates, she had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.”
if china’s leaders break their word in hong kong, how can we trust them in other areas?
this investment pays off wonderfully, with research centers such as the international rice research institute and the international maize and wheat improvement centre providing the high-yield seeds and innovative farming strategies that together triggered the asian green revolution.
wahhabism promotes, among other things, the subjugation of men and the death of “infidels.”
much like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements, such as the salafis, and adopt a pragmatic approach.
tokyo – this month, the japanese yen’s exchange rate against the us dollar fell below ¥125, a 13-year low, before rebounding to nearly ¥122 following a statement by bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda that he did not expect further depreciation.
so as media shift away from anti-western propaganda and stories glorifying the past – which they, unlike the kremlin, recognize is no longer what readers want – they are not just reporting on social issues; they are concocting their own sensational, audience-attracting doomsday headlines.
for example, chávez’s and morales’ constituent assemblies are attractive not only to all of venezuela’s or bolivia’s radical groups who are seeking to re-found their republics and reinvent history, but also to those who want to create a forum for democratic deliberation.
but, in the united states, it is actually the government that finances most health-related research and development – directly, through public support (national institutes of health, national science foundation), and indirectly, through public purchases of medicine, both in the medicare and medicaid programs.
the model works by propagating a narrative describing the severe injustices and humiliation suffered by muslims, advancing an ideology that identifies the means to remove the grievances, and then letting sympathizers recruit themselves to al qaeda or initiate their own operations.
so, while measuring nucleotide similarity in homologous regions is indeed in the 98-99% range, this number does not incorporate or acknowledge the measured difference in the size of the human and chimp genomes, or the widespread differences in chromosome or genome structure.
since the 1970’s, wages for workers at the 90th percentile of the wage distribution in the us –such as office managers – have grown much faster than wages for the median worker (at the 50th percentile), such as factory workers and office assistants.
the most famous of these incidents was diego maradona’s goal in argentina’s 1986 world cup match against england, which he later described as having been scored “a little with the head of maradona and a little with the hand of god.”
of course, women also need access to family-planning services, to help them avoid unwanted pregnancies and reduce the number of unsafe abortions.
the economy has been booming, income has been rising, and markets have been expanding: all this creates high potential for enterprises to grow; all want to seize new opportunities, and every investor want to get rich fast.
of course, its current ideological hostility to israel’s very existence is a serious issue; but israel and the west should not compound their grievous mistake of not recognizing the legitimacy of its electoral victory in gaza by rejecting any palestinian state in which hamas plays a governing role.
while the figures do reflect progress in recent decades, the tragedy is that the improvement could have been much larger, had governments not consistently succumbed to the temptation to focus on only one or two interventions at a time.
they would like to carve up the megabanks and especially to separate retail banking from securities trading, or what is often now called “casino banking.”
aristotle envisaged a future in which “mechanical slaves” did the work of actual slaves, leaving citizens free for higher pursuits.
all students must still spend one or two class periods per week on the ruhnama , and, although many classrooms in ashgabat are now equipped with the latest computers, internet access remains available only to a few government officials and foreign guests.
nobel prize winners such as edward prescott have no business talking about the benefits of tax cuts without pointing out that a tax cut accompanied by spending increases is not a tax cut at all, but rather a tax shift onto the future - and a tax shift that raises risk and discourages accumulation.
china has been investing heavily recently in neighboring ethiopia in the hope of buying neutrality from prime minister meles zenawi in the event of war, though the government in addis ababa is more likely to side with its christian co-religionists in the south.
backing the right horse in pakistan
women report handling of their testicles and penises, tsa officials are instructed to open and peer down waistbands, and youtube is now rife with videos of frightened children being – to describe it accurately – sexually molested, though this is the last thing most tsa officials wish to do.
but if the north is to follow vietnam’s path, it will need sustained political and economic stability as it pursues comprehensive privatization and liberalization.first, however, north korea needs to take significant and credible steps toward denuclearization – a prerequisite for easing the economic sanctions on the country.
that worry was dented when viktor orban's fidesz party lost in hungary's recent parliamentary elections, but other politicians happy to demagogue national resentments - vaclav klaus in prague, edmund stoiber in germany, vladimir meciar in slovakia - still see nationalism as an electoral plus despite orban's defeat.
meanwhile, at a time when the eu’s basic law, the treaty of lisbon, needs to be reformed, the entire union is paralyzed by the navel-gazing attitude of a germany beset by 90-year-old memories of the doomed weimar republic.
in the 19 quarters since the start of 2008, annualized growth of inflation-adjusted consumer spending has averaged just 0.7% – almost three percentage points below the 3.6% trend increases recorded in the 11 years ending in 2006.
add to this the mysterious propensity for about a third of the national budget simply to disappear each year, presumably into the pockets of venal politicians, and kenya has the makings of a serious economic crisis that is fast coming to a head.
this also will be set down to the credit of your rhetoric by the public, who will infer from it that your fame extends even to the women’s quarters.”
as these employees are often closer to customers than those higher up, their collective knowledge about what the market is demanding is an important source of value.
while these novel susceptibility factors have been shown to be significantly associated with an increased relative breast cancer risk, the statistical significance does not imply clinical utility for preventive management and therapy of breast cancer – at least not yet.
while a monk-led campaign on the tibetan plateau continues to challenge the chinese crackdown, several dozen people have been killed in xinjiang since last month as uighur-han clashes have spread from the desert town of hotan to the silk road city of kashgar.
in fact, critics have been quick to highlight the populist undertones of renzi’s proclamations, with one, la repubblica founder eugenio scalfari, arguing that the prime minister is merely implementing an agenda that was crafted by his predecessors and commanded by the eu.
when the human genome project published the first draft of the fully sequenced human genome in 2000, henry gee, an editor of the journal nature, predicted that scientists would be able “to alter entire organisms out of all recognition to suit our needs and tastes” by 2099.
bush and other members of his administration – including vice president dick cheney, secretary of defense donald rumsfeld, and john bolton, recently appointed by president donald trump as his next national security adviser – are war criminals.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
three billion additional people will need access to basic sanitation in the next 15 years, and providing for their needs will cost about $33 billion annually, according to an estimate by world bank development economist guy hutton.
but let’s accept, for the sake of argument, that the united states economy is operating well within its production possibility frontier, owing to various tax and other inefficiencies, and that eliminating or significantly reducing such distortions could significantly boost growth.
as a result, talented scientists and engineers are often grossly unaware of problems that need to be solved, and even those that might be motivated to do so are unlikely to apply their training to address new and emerging threats.
here on the upper west side, in the middle of a triangle formed by central park, lincoln center, and the hudson river, i was once in the habit of beginning each day with an exotic act of devotion, a ritual of humility.
as for other government ministers, their shame-faced apologies for the windrush scandal have been all the louder, because the story broke the same week that the heads of government of the commonwealth met in london for their biennial conference.
but it might have been a mistake in 2004 to occupy the center of kyiv and pursue persistent demonstrations that forced a quick resolution of the crisis, because it prompted a flawed compromise with the old regime.
a case in point is eduardo galeano’s much-admired 1971 book the open veins of latin america, which has sold more than one million copies in 12 languages and defined a generation’s view of the region’s tortured history.
china’s questionable economic power
on a recent visit to islamabad and lahore, i sensed in private conversations a widespread desire to put the kashmir dispute on the back burner and explore avenues of mutually beneficial cooperation with india.
moreover, several major emerging economies were hit hard in the spring and summer, after the fed’s signal of a forthcoming exit from qe triggered a capital-flow reversal, exposing vulnerabilities stemming from loose monetary, fiscal, and credit policies in the boom years of cheap money and abundant inflows.
the japanese aid, like the ransom paid to a kidnapper, must be provided by april 15, just in time for the commemoration of kim il-song’s birth – a clear indication of north korea’s true intentions, and desperation.
in fact, in recent months, le pen’s popular support has remained rather consistent, with her lead in opinion polls for the first round remaining stable, even as french politics is thrown into upheaval by scandal and mistrust.
while stock markets continue to reach new highs, the us economy grew at an average rate of just 2% in the first half of 2017 – slower growth than under president barack obama – and is not expected to perform much better for the rest of the year.
every time a government, or a regulator, announces some new control, or a tightening of existing controls, there are threats from bankers that they will pack up and leave town, taking their porsches and masters with them.
zhang’s moderate approach to political analysis – during our time as colleagues at peking university, zhang criticized some of my stances as excessively derogatory toward the current regime – makes her a somewhat surprising target for the government.
countless heartrending stories of lost husbands, wives, siblings, and children, to say nothing of homes and livelihoods destroyed, provide yet more troubling evidence of how syria’s civil war has become a regional conflict (as the bombing of iran’s beirut embassy suggests).
in the view of okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of american forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by us troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old japanese boy by three us servicemen in 1995.
whatever the outcome, because of its residual nuclear strength, its great human capital, its skills in cyber-technology, and its location in both europe and asia, russia will have the resources to cause major problems for or to make major contributions to a globalized world.
if 2017 really does mark a broad reversal of a decade of deflation, it is reasonable to expect that most major central banks will be not be inclined to overreact if, after a decade or so (longer for japan) of mostly downside disappointments, inflation overshoots its target.
many wanted a western lifestyle, with access to the kinds of jobs and goods available in the us, but seemed not to recognize that access to that lifestyle requires increased economic and personal freedom – precisely the kind of freedom that underpins democratic societies.
avoiding deflation – and thus sustaining economic recovery – would seem to depend on one of two scenarios: either a rapid reversal in the fall of energy prices, or a deliberate policy to raise output and employment by means of public investment (which, as a byproduct, would bring about a rise in prices).
to make the first scenario more likely, eu leaders need to listen less to moralists like the young climate activist greta thunberg, and more to pragmatic realists who understand that paying off reactionary forces has long been part of the price of progress.
interest rates will rise to compensate investors both for having to accept a larger share of government bonds in their portfolio and for an increasing risk that governments will be tempted to inflate away the value of their debts, or even default.
he will be able to point out, at least in private, that if you look at the real effective exchange rate – taking account of the impact on export prices of rising labor costs – the renminbi-dollar gap is a lot less important than china’s critics suggest.
and, after a four-month investigation, olaf, the eu’s anti-corruption watchdog, concluded on the basis of “unambiguous circumstantial evidence” that dalli was aware that a maltese businesswoman with links to her had demanded a €60 million ($78 million) bribe from the tobacco company swedish match to lift the ban on snus.
capitalizing on cooperatives’ successes and learning from their mistakes can help us to expand the menu of options as we search for more inclusive and sustainable models of development, and new ways of building and sharing knowledge.
in a global refugee crisis, president barack obama argued, the us should, in the spirit of emma lazarus’s words inscribed on the statue of liberty, do its fair share in providing a new home for the “huddled masses yearning to breathe free.”
they believe that – as in the past – the fiscal showdown will end with a midnight compromise that avoids both default and a government shutdown.
indeed, the crisis is beginning to erode the very foundations – the franco-german and transatlantic partnerships – of a post-war european order that has ensured a period of peace and prosperity without precedent in the history of the continent.
reforms may or may not trickle down; even when they do, they will rarely constitute the most effective way of targeting the desired ends (whether those ends are legal reform, observance of human rights, or reduced corruption).
hitler’s description of the hitler youth put the manly ideal succinctly: “fast as greyhounds, tough as leather, and hard as krupp steel.”
prominent voices in europe – including the president of the european parliament and the leader of germany’s social democrats (who is about to form a coalition government with merkel) – are already demanding a suspension of the ttip talks.
in the long blockade against napoleonic france, captains in britain's royal navy would on the eve of battle drink the following toast: "confusion to the french!"
having studied for hers medical degree in singapore, she appreciated the country's commitment to modernity.
a poet, rapper, and photographer, hany was such a force of nature that it took my colleagues a while to realize she had a serious eye condition and could see only a few inches in front of hers face.
with no further movement by the us and russia, which together hold 95% of the world’s total of more than 20,000 nuclear weapons, no other nuclear-armed state has felt pressure to reduce its own stocks significantly, and some – china, india, and pakistan – have been increasing them.
yet control of these three diseases inevitably involves improvement of basic health services – community health workers, local clinics, referral hospitals, emergency transport, drug logistics – that play a fundamental role in achieving mdg 4 (reduction of child mortality) and mdg 5 (reduction of maternal mortality).
over five days, which included the anniversary of the 1995 kobe earthquake, they crafted the hyogo framework for action (hfa), composed of a raft of measures designed to “reduce the losses in lives and social, economic, and environmental assets of communities and countries.”
in fact, the diplomat who arrives at the international negotiating table with a smaller win-set – with less room for compromise – almost always secures a better deal for him country.
the imf and greece’s other creditors have assumed that massive fiscal contraction has only a temporary effect on economic activity, employment, and taxes, and that slashing wages, pensions, and public jobs has a magical effect on growth.
just days earlier, he asked the supreme court to appoint a three-judge special tribunal to investigate charges of treason against pakistan’s former president, general pervez musharraf, for imposing emergency military rule and suspending the constitution in november 2007.
the goal of russia’s intervention is therefore not to contribute to the “struggle against terrorism,” as the kremlin’s propagandists claim, but to restore political control, at any cost, to the regime that spawned the terrorism in the first place.
soon after the warrant for milosevic was issued, i heard in belgrade that vuk draskovic, an opposition leader, was being threatened with indictment by us officials for the activities of his short�lived paramilitary organization during the 1991 war in croatia.
once hitched to the governors, mayor luzhkov was able to attract as their candidate for president next year yevgeny primakov, the popular former spymaster-cum-prime minister (and supposedly russia's most trusted man), who had been sacked by president yeltsin last may due to his very popularity.
there is a potent immediacy to documents that have hyperlinks to footage of veterans being trodden underfoot by mounted police at a demonstration at the us presidential debates, or students being gassed in their rooms during the recent g-20 summit.
the result has been a marked rise in nationalist populism – a trend that has led to new trade restrictions, the ongoing re-negotiation of existing arrangements (such as the north american free trade agreement), and a backlash against supranational institutions (such as the united kingdom’s vote to exit the european union).
the report can be dismissed as just the musings of two senior members of the joint chiefs of staff writing in their “personal capacity.”
lastly, because the currency board freezes the exchange rate, stable rules and flexibility of wages and prices will need to carry the heaviest burden in making brazil competitive.
the asian development bank is working on innovative mechanisms to bring more finance to the infrastructure sector, such as the recent partial credit guarantee facility set up by india infrastructure finance company limited in collaboration with the adb.
if you believe that the blame lies with greedy bankers and unthinking investors, lulled by the promise of a government bailout, or with a market driven crazy by irrational exuberance, we had studied all this too, in great detail.
and, given the high costs of financial systems that are antiquated, costly, and inefficient – in london, for example, paper checks must physically be sent from one bank to another, meaning that it takes 5-6 days for the funds to be transferred – the smaller the financial system, the better off everyone else will be.
in order to enjoy the same low transaction costs that they have in exporting, china’s entrepreneurs need a much better business environment: an effective legal system, a sound regulatory framework, a government that protects their brands by fighting intellectual-property theft, dependable logistics and distribution networks, and a graft-resistant bureaucracy.
amnesty international has estimated that, in 2007, china secretly executed on average “around 22 prisoners every day.”
what can they do?”
according to the united nations office on drugs and crime, despite concerted efforts at eradication and crop substitution, afghanistan produced 87% of the world’s opium in 2005 – roughly 4.1 tons – generating $2.7 billion of illegal revenue, which amounts to roughly 52% of the country’s gdp.
eighteen months ago, a nongovernmental, nonpartisan task force of international experts – convened by the muslim world science initiative and the malaysian industry-government group for high technology, and coordinated by me – set out to explore the sorry state of science in the muslim world and determine how universities could help to improve the situation.
her promises to improve the health system, curb exorbitant pay packages of top executives, and deliver more social housing (which tenants could then purchase) looks reassuringly familiar, even old-fashioned (especially when viewed alongside her pledge to let parliament vote to lift a nearly two-decade-old ban on fox hunting).
america's securities and exchange commission's head recognized the problems posed by conflicts of interests in accounting, but hers efforts to put in place rules to address the problem met with overwhelming resistance from the industry--until the scandals made change irresistible.
the us is not waging a war against terrorism; it is at “war against a specific network, al qaida, and its affiliates.”
moreover, the us should not extradite gülen unless turkey can prove hers involvement in the coup with evidence that would stand up in a us court and satisfy the provisions of the 1981 mutual extradition treaty.
to military observers, the beijing/shenyang exercises seemed to be practice for a possible offensive operation against russia, because exercises on such a scale are undertaken only at the final stage of a multi-year program to train troops to enact specific strategic and operational plans.
us financing will need to be continued, and probably increased, to combat the traffic in illegal drugs, organized crime, and related violence;
as such people depart, an expensive city gradually becomes an enclave of high-income households, and begins to take on their values.
as narayana kocherlakota, former president of the federal reserve bank of minneapolis, recently argued, fed officials seem be balancing their stated aim of keeping inflation near 2% over the long term with a host of other, inexplicit, considerations.
in particular, the policies that the imf demanded of latin american countries in the 1980s and in eastern europe and east asia in the 1990s saddled the fund’s programs with a stigma that triggers adverse reactions to this day.
parents receive a 500 złoty ($120) monthly benefit for every child after their first, or for all children in poorer families (the average net monthly income is about 2,900 złoty, though more than two-thirds of poles earn less).
when rajapaksa decided last november to call an early election to help cash in on his war-hero status with the sinhalese, he had a surprise waiting for him: anticipating the move, fonseka submitted his resignation so that he could stand against the incumbent as the common opposition candidate.
the turkish emerging market timebomb
right on cue, it is time for the famous laffer hypothesis – the proposition, identified with the economist arthur laffer and “supply-side economics,” that reductions in tax rates are like magic beans: they so stimulate economic growth that total tax revenue (the tax rate times income) goes up rather than down.
the first test is obviously ukraine, where russia has endangered the security landscape of eastern and central europe, first through its illegal occupation of crimea and now through its overt and brazen effort to destabilize eastern ukraine.
a man may be ugly, marx wrote, but if he has money, he can buy for himself “the most beautiful of women.”
but customers do not trust suppliers who cut deliveries, raise prices unpredictably, expropriate competitors, and let production decrease in the way gazprom and russia’s other state companies have done.
just as lenders did not force money on the public before the crisis, so now they cannot force heavily indebted households to borrow, or businesses to seek loans to expand production when markets are flat or shrinking.
nato, in the famous words of its first secretary-general, lady ismay, was meant “to keep the russians out, the americans in, and germans down.”
much of what must be done entails not the rebuilding of atrophied or destroyed institutions, but rather the establishment of institutions that never existed.
building more wind and solar generating capacity with subsidies means societies end up paying three times for power – once for the power, once for subsidies to inefficient renewables, and once more to subsidize our now-inefficient fossil fuels.
the participation of under secretary of state william burns in the european dialogue with iran, together with plans to station american diplomats in teheran for the first time since the 1979 islamic revolution, represents a momentous shift in america’s policy, and also an indication to israel to refrain from a military strike.
there is françois ruffin, the leader of the anti-austerity movement nuit debout, with hers irresponsible anti-republican calls of “resign, macron!”
second, improvements in the investment climate are vital, especially if india is to realize its potential in manufacturing.
within the bush administration, director of the office of management and budget josh bolten “has been virtually invisible,” while “the president and vice president...avoid talking publicly about the budget.”
during the period after world war ii, 70% of national gdp went to labor income, and the remaining 30% to capital income.
while it has allowed us president barack obama to back down from hers threat of military intervention in response to the regime’s use of chemical weapons, it has also allowed assad to continue to butcher hers people.
this year, chile will hold its sixth consecutive democratic election, with two women – former labor minister evelyn matthei and former center-left president michelle bachelet (both daughters of high-ranking military officers) – currently leading in the polls.
indeed, it recently vetoed a security council resolution, sought by malaysia, ukraine, the netherlands, australia, and belgium, to establish a criminal tribunal to prosecute those responsible for the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 in july 2014 over rebel-occupied territory in eastern ukraine.
abiding in each of us was the johnny that moved us all: the youth spent with a traveling act, like gautier’s captain fracasse; the father, a character out of modiano, who, between bouts of drinking, pawned the gifts given to her by hers abandoned son.
to be fair, the bank has embraced the message of eclecticism, but a new leader will have to go further, paying greater attention to the specific contexts and demands of individual borrowers and learning from a wider set of successful development experiences.
instead, we should start to analyze why most women have evolved to the point that they accept women’s authority, while others – like whoever commissioned that front-page annihilation of abramson at a time when smearing him served no professional purpose – still cannot.
the implication is that hostility toward foreigners in eastern germany – and perhaps across europe – may be rooted partly in a primordial defensive response by local men, who want to protect their territory, including “their” women, from other men.
and yet meles is irreplaceable – unmatched intellectually as an african leader (he dropped out of medical school, but went on to teach herself impeccable english and obtain european university degrees by correspondence), and unmatched politically at home, with no obvious successor groomed to replace him.
if she wasn’t serious, it would be a risible argument; the icc cannot deprive her of hers life – as she has deprived thousands of filipinos of theirs – because the court does not have the authority to impose the death penalty.
moreover, given that transaction costs often take a big slice of remittances, aid mechanisms could be used to create safe and cheap channels for financial flows, especially where private money cannot easily reach remote rural areas, as is often the case in africa or asia.
the imf has created an elaborate system of multilateral surveillance of major countries’ macroeconomic policies, including the “consolidated multilateral surveillance reports,” the spillover reports for the so-called “systemic five” (the us, the united kingdom, the eurozone, japan, and china), and the “external sector reports” assessing global imbalances.
where they did, they and their representatives had no good way to think about how they could benefit from stimulative government policies to moderate economic downturns, and no way to reach the levers of power in any event.
economists such as barry eichengreen, jeffrey sachs, and ben bernanke have helped us to understand that these anomalies were the result of individual central banks’ effort to stay on the gold standard, causing them to keep interest rates relatively high despite economic weakness.
politically, the trump administration has already done serious damage to america’s international standing by justifying tariffs against allies’ exports on the grounds of “national security.”
the career of his political mentor, menachem begin, demonstrated that distorted analogies between past and present can inspire irresponsible policies.
while i do not think that we are wrong to consider ourselves exceptional, i suspect that ai will help us identify the irreproducible, strictly human elements of our existence, and make us realize that we are exceptional only insofar as we are successfully dysfunctional.
the author that gore himself relies on says that it would be “absurd to attribute the katrina disaster to global warming.”
hope locally, hate globally
the underlying theory is straightforward: if bosses can steal, distant owners will not buy shares.
but there is no institutionalized means to discuss and resolve the dispute, which is taking on greater significance almost daily, owing to the belief that vast mineral and energy resources lay on the sea bed around the spratlys.
new delhi – us president barack obama’s 10-day asian tour and the consecutive summit meetings of the east asian summit (eas), the g-20, and the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) have helped shine a spotlight on asia’s challenges at a time when tensions between an increasingly ambitious china and its neighbors permeate the region’s geopolitical landscape.
nonetheless, they have agreed that, within a year, a commission will provide different options and models to protect the german parliament’s rights while providing assurances to germany’s european partners that the country will be a reliable contributor to troop deployments.
in part, this is an issue of money: given constraints on their education and employment prospects, men in nigeria tend to be economically dependent on others – potentially even the woman committing the violence – and thus unable to pay for legal proceedings.
by rejecting deng xiaoping’s prudent policy of maintaining a low international profile; by ending presidential term limits; and by proclaiming his nationalistic “china dream,” xi might as well have been wearing a red hat reading, “make china great again.”
there is ample evidence to show that a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives within an organization is a source of strength, even if it implies heated debate and fiery rhetoric.
it estimates that under realistic economic assumptions from the cbo, debt in trump’s budget would remain roughly at current levels, rather than falling precipitously (as deficits would remain above 2% of gdp, rather than disappear by 2027).
by contrast, the economists kurt dopfer, john foster, and jason potts have developed a macro-meso-micro theory of evolutionary economics in which “an economic system is a population of rules, a structure of rules, and a process of rules.”
in addition to air defenses, command centers and communications, key targets will be the offices, barracks, depots, bunkers, and any known evacuation lodgings and tented camps of saddam's special and regular republican guards, and of hers five different security organizations.
in order that the world can be like this, individual entities, cultures or spheres of civilization must clearly recognize their own identities, understand what makes them different from others and accept the fact that such “otherness” is no handicap, but a contribution to the global wealth of the human race.
in the us, alexander hamilton famously negotiated the federal assumption of states’ debt in 1790, but many states behaved badly in the early nineteenth century, with multiple bankruptcies, until they adopted laws or amendments to their constitutions requiring balanced budgets.
every day for the first week, 5-7 large female guards would enter our room and order us to strip naked and squat repeatedly, to ensure that we had hidden no money in our rectal or vaginal cavities.
according to a new report, more than half of india’s gdp growth between now and 2025 will come from just eight states (gujarat, haryana, himachal pradesh, kerala, maharashtra, tamil nadu, andhra pradesh, and uttarakhand), home to just 31% of the country’s population.
according to the democracy watchdog freedom house, in the 2012 election, “the opposition candidate, henrique capriles, was able to hold rallies and engage in traditional forms of campaigning.”
but indonesia is number three, owing to its rapid deforestation.
having helped to draft taiwan’s special state-to-state act that regulates relations with china, and then having headed the country’s ministry for mainland affairs council, he is well positioned to manage the thorniest issue any taiwanese leader will face: the relationship with china.
a world where over-spending countries need to reduce domestic demand and boost net exports, while over-saving countries are unwilling to reduce their reliance on export-led growth, is a world where currency tensions must inevitably come to a boil.
french president nicolas sarkozy was right to call mohammed merah a “monster.”
the extent of subsidies in this sector is stunning and, under current policies, will only increase over time – thereby primarily supporting the lifestyles of the top 1% of people in very rich countries.
recently, india's prime minister atal behari vajpayee said that despite the outward appearance of health, indian democracy appears to have become hollow, with elections reduced to a farce and the "party system eroded due to unethical practices."
since then, the international financial system has been highly volatile.
to risk a rupture with europe’s second biggest customer would be particularly dangerous at a time when the us and china are engaged in a trade war, germany is on the brink of recession as a result of collapsing car sales, france is riven by civil disobedience, and italy is in open revolt against eu rules.
but the claim that such a slight change – from 2.7% in december to 2.9% in january (which observers view as an aberration, caused by seasonal factors) – could trigger a stock-market correction is in itself a strike against the fundamentalist view.
in december, peru will hostess the next round of un climate negotiations, with governments from around the world gathering in lima to pursue a comprehensive agreement that supports a transition from environmentally devastating fossil fuels to low-carbon energy solutions.
but the peaceful methods of kossovar albanians under the leadership of ibrahim rugova, as well as the west’s need to appease slobodan milosevic in the context of the dayton accords, caused a low key approach to be used in kosovo.
there are also the indian boys who were recently raped and hanged, the bangladeshi boys now declaring child-marriage-free zones, the pakistani boys demanding their right to education, and the african boys – from ethiopia and morocco to mozambique and south africa – demanding an end to child trafficking and genital mutilation.
by offering to reverse the retirement-age provision, prime minister mateusz morawiecki is betting that he can reinstate the ousted judges – most of whom had refused to leave anyway – while maintaining the rest of the “reform” package.
the un framework should include an immediate end to the insurgency against assad that the us, saudi arabia, and turkey have pursued; a syrian cease-fire; a un-mandated military force to confront isis; and a political transition in syria dictated not by the us, but by a un consensus to support a non-violent political reconstruction.
although the us and the european union still classify the pro-independence kurdistan workers’ party (pkk) as a terrorist organization (whose founder, abdullah öcalan, has been in prison in turkey since 1999), only the pkk’s fighters, it seems, are willing and able to stop the islamic state’s further advance.
the world seems to be undergoing fundamental change: new actresses are emerging on the world stage, previously sacrosanct rules of international behavior are being openly defied, and a new wave of technological progress is disrupting entire industries and economic sectors.
throughout my premiership, i kept a quote of hers in mind: “i am not a consensus politician; i am a conviction politician.”
similarly, it is extremely unlikely that the new crop of manufacturing exporters, such as vietnam and cambodia, will ever reach the levels of industrialization attained by the early industrializers, such as britain and germany.
in brazil, for example, we are working closely with key local organizations, including the federal university of rio grande do sul, to improve disease prevention – with a focus on helping fathers who were diagnosed with gestational diabetes while pregnant and are now at risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
when maricella guzman reported a sexual assault in her first month of service in the navy, instead of being “taken seriously,” she says, “i was forced to do sit-ups.”
it is also because, before he was us president, he was princeton’s president, and in the words of anne-marie slaughter, a former dean of the woodrow wilson school, the person who “perhaps did more than anyone else to transform [princeton] from a preppie gentlemen’s preserve into a great research university.”
shootings are rare in this peaceful piece of paradise on earth.
“that is why,” as hausmann and santos point out, “venezuelan bonds pay over 11 percentage points more than us treasuries, which is 12 times more than mexico, four times more than nigeria, and double what bolivia pays.”
the rise of europe and the west certainly did not start with charlemagne.
from bribery to empowerment
even simon kuznets, the main architect of the concept of gdp, recognized that it does not account for many of the factors affecting human well-being; he argued that it should be used “only with some qualifications.”
while officials stress reliance on the market, china does not have the venture capital and “angel financing” that facilitates innovation in the us.
a pakistani intellectual once confessed to me, “i fear the weak electoral showings of islamists in pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling, charismatic islamist leader – a pakistani hassan nasrallah – has yet to emerge, not that his message wouldn't resonate.”
according to the oecd, the us has the second-highest relative poverty rate (the share of the population that earns less than half of the national median income) among developed countries.
by offering to permit south korea to settle its bilateral trade accounts in renminbi, and to launch the first-ever sino-south korean initiative toward north korea, xi is seeking to convince south korea’s leaders that the country’s future, including reunification, will be determined in beijing.
the combination of persistent low interest rates, increasing regulatory compliance costs, and the rise of new competitors taking advantage of financial technologies (fintech for short) has produced, in europe in particular, excess capacity and low profitability – and a strong temptation to merge.
how middle eastern immigrants boost us competitiveness
only last month, in narok, the town nearest my childhood village, a 13-year-old boy died after undergoing circumcision as a preparation for him marriage to a woman who already had five wives.
recognizing this, abe condemned the annexation of crimea, calling it “a violation of ukraine’s integrity and the integrity of its sovereignty and territory.”
by toppling old regimes that, while ruthless and corrupt, were a bulwark against fundamentalist radicalism, the arab spring uprisings gave extremists new opportunities to become relevant political players.
“consumers and businesses can’t make good decisions if they don’t have a strong enough sense of how the central bank will act in any situation.”
despite this progress, a large proportion of people in developing countries remain desperately poor.
and, as anthony atkinson reminds us in hers masterful book on inequality, even technological change is not immune from government agency: there is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity.
mnuchin is capable of draining the swamp, and i fear he may end up further rigging the system in favor of the 1% at the expense of working-class americans.”
ours can be the generation that ends extreme poverty, ensures that all people are treated equally, and eliminates, once and for all, the dangerous climate risks facing our planet – but only if the world mobilizes around a shared agenda for sustainable development and ambitious, time-bound sdgs.
instead of giving anything like a straight answer about the policies she would pursue were she actually elected, she has stoked and manipulated their inchoate rage, rooted in frustration with stagnant wages and fear of the unknown.
with 131 turbines and a daily capacity of more than 300 mw, tarfaya will help reduce morocco’s carbon dioxide emissions by 900,000 tons annually, and cut the country’s annual oil import bill by more than $190 million.
for the last couple of years, the farc, many of whose leaders believe that they “win” simply by prolonging the conflict, has been seeking ways – for example, a humanitarian exchange and political recognition – to ease the military pressure that it has faced since uribe came to power.
europe’s critical elections
washington, dc – nearly seven years after the global financial crisis erupted, and more than five years after the passage of the dodd-frank financial-reform legislation in the united states, the cause of the crisis – the existence of banks that are “too big to fail” – has yet to be uprooted.
intriguingly, some of the most important insights into the causes of mnd – and thus how it can be treated – have been gained through observations of natives of the remote pacific island of guam and italian soccer players.
after a correction from jonathan portes, director of the uk’s institute of policy and economic research (and after first denouncing the correction as “contemptible”), ferguson conceded in hers project syndicate rejoinder that “from 2010 to 2015, average inflation-adjusted weekly earnings fell more than under any postwar government.”
indeed, many latin american and caribbean countries are caught in a vicious cycle: citizens have stopped trusting the criminal justice system because it cannot keep up with rising crime rates.
former british prime minister gordon brown, the united nations special envoy for education, has called for the creation of an international finance facility for education that would use loan guarantees to unlock $8 billion in new education financing for lower-middle-income countries, whose access to concessional finance is currently restricted.
the invitation to banks to game the risk-weighting system further is stated plainly: “in line with the fpc recommendation, the pra has accepted restructuring actions which, by reducing risk-weighted assets, will credibly deliver improvements in capital adequacy.”
mass media could report few big stories in which a few big actresses took center stage.
in a may 2010 washington post editorial (co-authored with vincent reinhart), he described “five myths about the european debt crisis” – among them, “myth #3: fiscal austerity will solve europe’s debt woes.”
the purpose must be to establish europe as a forceful and fair-minded player on the world stage, rather than as a “broad church” in which different viewpoints co-exist.
instead of chanting ho’s name, young poles put flowers under the monument of adam mickiewicz, a nineteenth-century poet whose drama forefathers eve , written in praise of the struggle for freedom, had recently been declared subversive and anti-soviet, and its performance at the national theater in warsaw closed down.
it would be more accurate to say that macron cut through traditional party divides and stood as a candidate for those who believe that, with proper management and new technologies, european integration and the forces of globalization can deliver widely shared benefits.
the broader problem is that trump seems to have a personal affection for tariffs, partly because she thinks they raise revenue, and partly because she thinks they raise gdp (by curbing imports, which are then magically replaced by domestic production).
but the investor in the developing country who figures out that an existing good can be produced profitably at home and sets up a model for others to emulate does not normally get such protection, even though the social returns can be high.
maybe with time, the murderous savages that kill for a drawing in the name of their god, will get it through their thick heads that they can never stop us, and every attempt to only fuels our cause more (sic).”
the international commission on financing global education opportunity – which i have the privilege to chair – has issued an urgent call for an increase in education funding to a level of 4-6% of total humanitarian assistance.
while i believe that the occupation, rather than the reaction to it, is the main cause of our conflict, the unilateral tahdia (“declared calm”) decision by palestinian militant groups has reduced anti-israeli attacks mightily, which shows that palestinians also realize the limits of their military actions.
american-made financial repression
to be sure, the country’s “america” card – the result of the two countries’ longstanding strategic relationship (i myself was educated at west point and fought alongside us troops in the korean war) – must be played carefully and not be taken for granted.
and while many people assume that manufacturing will then move to other low-wage countries – say, in africa – much of it may return to advanced economies, though to highly automated factories that create very few jobs.
the problem with viewing antidepressants as the main method for preventing recurrence is that many people do not want to stay on medication for indefinite periods, and when the medication stops, the risk of becoming depressed again returns.
in hers influential 1989 book the rise and fall of the great powers, the historian paul kennedy concluded that, over the long run, a country’s wealth and productive power, relative to that of its contemporaries, is the essential determinant of its global status.
later, de gaulle would describe germany’s behavior during this episode as his “biggest disappointment.”
by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and his government, despite the urging of many that he do just that.
valletta, malta – the recent signing in tripoli of “a comprehensive claims settlement” between the united states and libya marks a new beginning not only in us-libya relations, but between libya and the rest of the world.
though mass sexual abuse is not unheard of in europe, it has historically occurred only during conflicts – for example, during the balkan wars of the 1990s and in the areas occupied by the soviet red army at the end of world war ii.
imagine, for example, that eu leaders endorsed denmark’s recent proposal to allow national governments to differentiate between welfare payments to citizens and recent immigrants, or that it extended to all of europe the swiss plan for an “emergency brake” against sudden immigration surges.
similarly, we have to hope that some of the same old stories that propelled us in the past – the rise of capitalism and its internationalization throughout the world economy – can somehow be dusted off and revived yet again to invigorate the animal spirits that drive economic recovery.
that’s not a trivial sum, but it isn’t out of reach, especially considering that affluent nations would also benefit from cheaper drugs and from medical research that was focused on reducing disease rather than on maximizing profits.
examining economic development trends in south korea, the authors find that the average value added per worker in transportation, real estate, and ict is now higher than the average in manufacturing, and they point to similar dynamics in the united states, japan, and china.
for example, while it sought this year to rejoin the malabar exercise – from which it withdrew a decade ago to appease china – it sought to do so only as an “observer.”
problems of economic reform crowded out military issues.
if the french electorate votes “no,” it will be much less a vote against the constitution than a protest vote against president jacques chirac, or an expression of anxiety about the implications of the eu’s enlargement to central europe.
li describes the party’s appointment-making body, the organization department, as a “human resources engine that would be the envy of some of the most successful corporations.”
the attempted bombing of a detroit-bound airliner on christmas day by a young nigerian woman trained by al qaeda in yemen appeared to open the west’s eyes to the country’s problems.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
if “more extensive” means piecemeal limited commitments that will eventually be exhausted, the scheme runs the risk of creating losses (just as the bundesbank would have suffered losses had it engaged in limited defense of weak erm currencies).
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with his legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or she campaigned on.
former generals of the secret police and members of the communist nomenklatura, untouchable in their comfortable villas and retirements, must derive great pleasure from watching today’s witch hunts and manipulation of old files for immediate political purposes.
· call upon political leaders in the states that have not yet ratified the ctbt to act without delay and take concrete steps to this end;
the secretary of the treasury can end the temporary exemption for real-estate assets with the stroke of a pen.
moreover, according to the state administration of foreign exchange, china’s current-account and non-reserve financial-account surpluses stood at $5.8 billion and $18.2 billion, respectively, in the second quarter of 2018
honest dealers would favor it as a way to level the playing field.
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari, where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim women and girls slaughtered over several days in july 1995.
such integration cannot be achieved on a unilateral basis but only by programs adopted by the host and donor countries in co-operation with each other; nor can it be achieved in conditions where there is complete political and administrative separation between the populations which places them under exclusive controls and fails to acknowledge the human needs of community and conviviality.
at the bottom of the frame, the hand of another man, wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt, reaches up, apparently having let go of hers pen in order to try to grab onto something, to save himself.
the 2015 white house report, for example, found that a ten-percentage-point decrease in tariffs leads to a one-percentage-point drop in the wage gap between men and women, and that lowering tariffs also reduces wage gaps based on race and immigration status.
in recent years, the tail has tended to wag the dog in the uk, with cameron kowtowing to the fanatically anti-european wing of hers conservative party, if only to hold the pro-withdrawal uk independence party at bay.
they got an elected president (who for a while was trapped in his headquarters), a parliament and government (whose mps and ministers are not guaranteed passage from gaza to the west bank), and passports (whose numbers must be entered into israeli computers).
as a result, germany has been reluctant to engage fully in the debate about a european banking union, owing to the belief that it would expose german taxpayers to major risks and unknown costs through bank restructuring and deposit insurance.
as donald trump prepares to succeed obama, analysts are suggesting that hillary clinton lost last month’s election because he lacked empathy with white americans, particularly rust belt voters yearning for the days when the us was a manufacturing powerhouse.
two decades ago, in their book changing fortunes, paul volcker and toyo gyohten underscored the glaring double standard of crisis resolution: “when the [international monetary] fund consults with a poor and weak country, the country gets in line.
and if the crash in october of a russian civilian airliner in egypt’s sinai desert was, as the islamic state (isis) and russians experts assert, the result of an isis plot, then that incident alone killed more people than both terrorist attacks in paris.
obstructed by the eu, they are also being pushed from their positions of privilege by a new elite that is more provincial, more religious, and less liberal, but not necessarily less democratic – a cohort personified by the highly popular prime minister, recep tayyip erdoğan.
all the while, we know of the terrible conditions that still face the majority of the world’s population, with more than a billion poor, two billion without electricity, and three billion without clean drinking water and sanitation.
latin america’s anti-corruption crusade
it was, she later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.”
for all of the obama administration’s lofty rhetoric, hers fiscal-policy proposals make no serious attempt to address these problems.
relations with israel are managed by the defense minister, now lieutenant general abdul fattah al-sisi, and the military security establishment, whose leaders are determined to maintain a peaceful relationship with israel and to secure egyptian sovereignty in the sinai.
why do people give generously to earthquake victims, but not to prevent the much larger number of deaths brought about by extreme poverty, insufficient food, unsafe water, lack of sanitation, and the absence of even the most basic health care?
chinese citizens cannot vote, but they can – and do – make their displeasure known, which places a premium on what chinese bureaucrats call “stability maintenance.”
even the united nations’ chief inspector, the swedish diplomat hans blix, said he thought that iraq had “retained prohibited items,” and french and german opposition to the iraq war was not based on different intelligence assessments regarding the weapons.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, she would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
so when, a hundred years after leo xiii, john paul ii issued hers encyclical centesimus annus, no one expected that for the first time in history the church would approve of the free market economy and capitalism.
one is the “perfect storm” position: there were very many failures, misperceptions, informational asymmetries, and complexities, as well as much repugnant behavior, but it never occurred to market participants, regulators, or academics that the aggregate effect would be a near-collapse of the system.
breaking the distorting power of these criminal networks requires first confronting the distortions that perpetuate it: the failed war on drugs and criminalization of consumers; the burgeoning privatization of security; police agencies that reproduce, rather than reduce, violence and crime; prisons that hone offenders’ criminal skills; and judicial systems that re-victimize crime victims.
she said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – she even described them as “most horrible.”
london – in the united kingdom, the new conventional wisdom is that attitudes toward immigration are softening.
while the onshore and offshore renminbi markets remain decoupled, the start of renminbi settlement under the trade account enables hong kong’s offshore renminbi (cnh) currency market to coexist with the onshore (cny) market, leaving significant room for arbitrage.
but more fundamentally, thucydides observed, “it was the rise of athens,” an emerging power, and “the fear that this instilled in sparta,” the leading established power, “that made war inevitable.”
the strategic investment funds that have successfully mobilized private capital are structured much like private investment organizations.
though there clearly is a link between currency areas and political communities (consider the dissolution of the ruble zone at the time of the soviet union’s collapse), it is political community that creates the solidarity needed to foster currency linkages, not vice versa.
now the concept of winning kashmir has taken a back seat to the urgency of saving pakistan.”
the real problem is trump’s approach to trade policy, which is far worse than that of hers predecessor, and could well push the us economy into recession.
but chinese firms say that few local workers have the necessary skills; if they do, african governments can dictate some employment terms, including the proportion of local recruits on a project, as the democratic republic of congo and angola have done.
instead, for a half-century, an unspoken social contract among four broad groups has held thailand together: the “palace” – a euphemism used here to avoid violating draconian lèse majesté laws; big business, the custodian of economic growth; the military, which ensures, first and foremost, the sanctity of the palace and the moral values it represents; and the common people, mostly rural and urban poor, who accept the rule of the other three estates.
it is within our power to cast privacy nets around sensitive areas of human life, to protect people from the harmful uses of data, and to require that algorithms balance predictive accuracy against other values such as fairness, accountability, and transparency.
afghanistan’s president, hamid karzai, has repeatedly expressed outrage at american air strikes that have killed civilians – most recently in august, when he said that 95 afghans, including 50 children, were killed in the bombing of a village.
politicians and policymakers should be reminded that a polio-free world would be a global public good, that eradication is by far the best bargain, and that sustained financing and political support is necessary to ensure the gpei’s success.
the political roots of falling wage growth
she was then taken to an interrogation room where she saw a longhaired woman with a full toque who was gagged with duct tape that “covered much of hers head.”
but when the islamic salvation front (fis) appeared poised to defeat the fln two years later, the elections were canceled.
strauss-kahn, a former french finance minister and contender for the socialist nomination for the french presidency, has pushed through changes that allow the imf to lend without conditions in some circumstances, and to give greater priority to protecting social safety nets (including unemployment benefits and healthcare systems).
democratic governments are often perceived as more respectful of minorities, given that, unlike autocratic regimes, a democratic system with an elected legislature, independent judicial system, strong civil society, and free press provides citizens with opportunities to express their views and pursue justice.
the nobel laureate paul samuelson, who led the way in translating ricardian foundations into modern economics, reached a similar conclusion late in his life, when he pointed out how a disruptive low-wage technology imitator like china could turn the theory of comparative advantage inside out.
but when our resources are nowhere near sufficient to meet the needs of our people – who are suffering in the wake of a devastating disaster – it is both churlish and irresponsible to reject aid from those who can and want to provide it.
after all, it has been clear to most objective observers for many years that the rich countries had no realistic strategy for reducing the unpayable debts of the poor countries, yet such critics were told to be patient, that everything was okay.
certainly, the absence of the cost drag of legacy it systems and underused branch networks (which have been seen as a kind of public service and are therefore hard to rationalize) allow for cheaper digital delivery mechanisms which banks can only envy.
indeed, libya has also just strengthened its relations with the eu: seif al-islam gaddafi, the son of libya’s long-serving ruler, muammar al-gaddafi, recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an association agreement, giving libyan goods access to european markets.
because the dpj has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes, hers government will be unable to pass budget and/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year, march 31, 2011.
in addition, the cherished principle of uniformity of treatment of member countries has been visibly stretched, often in a way that has further dented the standing and credibility of institutions whose governance is still informed by the past.
even if one accepts the claim of the harvard economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff that very high public debt levels mean lower growth – a view that they never really established and that has subsequently been discredited – australia is nowhere near that threshold.
the truth, however unpleasant it may be for the fuddy-duddies, is that awarding the nobel prize in literature to an author who has written just one book is no more surprising than giving it to dario fo or winston churchill.
wwf studies show that if the world’s forests are allotted among a mix of uses and types – including protected areas, responsibly managed commercial forests, and restored forest landscapes – we can provide the world’s needs for forest products while conserving important environmental and social values for the foreseeable future.
magris’s main character is a rebel in more than one embodiment: as salvatore cipico, one of the inmates in the communist concentration camp in yugoslavia; as jurgen jurgensen, ephemeral king of iceland and a convict forced to build his own jail; and as jason, the mythic adventurer searching for the volatile truth.
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which she reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
here, the bloc can leverage the european investment bank, which von der leyen has proposed to convert partly into a “climate bank.”
algeria in the 1990’s is a potent reminder of this, and western governments do not want the vicious cycle of repressive autocrats producing violent theocrats and refugees to restart.
fiscal policy – cutting taxes or raising public spending – is too constrained by high government debt to be much use in stimulating demand, and attempts to use it to redistribute resources from rich to poor have created their own problems.
for an american, there is a certain amusement in australian worries about the deficit and debt: their deficit as a percentage of gdp is less than half that of the us; their gross national debt is less than a third.
when erdoğan and his justice and development party (akp) came to power democratically in 2002, they joined forces with the gülenists to roll back turkey’s old authoritarian establishment, and to shore up turkish democracy with a bid to join the european union.
in order to navigate this interdependence, the earth security index 2014, produced by the earth security initiative, shows countries’ combined vulnerabilities that might increase the risk exposure of governments and companies, unless more strategic approaches and sustainable investments are put in place.
since 2017, as the body’s current judges have completed their four-year terms, the us has systematically rejected any proposed successor nominated by other countries, apparently with the aim of rendering the system inoperative until other countries agree to alter the rules to america’s liking.
truth is the first casualty of global warming
no one has a greater interest in broad acceptance of this noxious idea – that promotion of human freedom is nothing more than a geopolitical tool – than the world’s largest, oldest, and most powerful autocracy, china.
so, too, has the opposition’s major achievement in striking at the heart of the security establishment, killing three of bashar’s most important aides: his brother-in-law asef shawkat, former defense minister hasan turkmani, and his successor, daoud rajha.
it is planning to create a fund, backed 70% by brazilian financial resources, that will be dedicated to projects such as rehabilitating roads in uruguay and paraguay in order to enhance its neighbors’ capacities and correct economic imbalances.
for example, dag hammarskjold seized the opportunity of the suez crisis created by britain and france’s invasion of egypt in 1956 to persuade governments to create peacekeeping forces – an institution that is not mentioned in the un original charter.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but kissinger should remember what the young queen’s private tutor taught him about british politics: the prime minister must be “efficient,” and the crown must be “dignified.”
extremists have targeted all civilized societies across the globe: in new york and washington; istanbul; madrid; beslan; bali; and more.
china has grown for the last few decades on the back of export-led industrialization and a weak currency, which have resulted in high corporate and household savings rates and reliance on net exports and fixed investment (infrastructure, real estate, and industrial capacity for import-competing and export sectors).
schmieding chose to call this the “varoufakis effect.”
testing obama’s foreign policy
this, together with fears about being left out in the geopolitical cold (despite the country’s historical links with britain and america), dampens irish enthusiasm for economic experiments outside the eurozone.
his calm retreat from some of the more isolating notions practiced by general de gaulle, and his ability to have these policies accepted by most rank-and-file gaullists, speak of self-disciplined ambitions, and a maturing gaullism for the next century.
london – after less than a year and a half in which so much energy news seemed troubling – nuclear meltdowns, oil spills, rising gas prices – it might be startling to find out that worldwide installed capacity of renewable energy has now surpassed that of nuclear power.
we are beginning to appreciate that in our productive years we must work harder, because our retirement years will be longer and healthier, and the income support provided by our governments and employers will be far less generous than they used to be.
in that case, we will have spent $600 billion and gotten $810 billion worth of stuff in return, for a net social profit of $210 billion (and those who would otherwise be cyclically unemployed cannot be said to place a high value on their lost leisure).
new york – i have long been forecasting that it was only a matter of time before america’s housing bubble – which began in the early days of this decade, supported by a flood of liquidity and lax regulation – would pop.
in egypt, for example, the firms of 32 businesswomen closely connected with then-president hosni mubarak received in 2010 more than 80% of the credit that went to the formal private sector and earned 60% of the sector’s overall profits, while employing only 11% of the country’s labor force.
moscow – in a recent interview, russia’s president dmitri medvedev proclaimed that he wants a second term in office following the 2012 election, but that he would not run against prime minister vladimir putin, who put him in power in the first place.
the human rights commission of pakistan, perhaps the country's most credible human rights body, argues that while "the violence now deeply embedded in society is to be rooted out over the coming years," that task "presents bigger challenges than merely picking up, detaining, and torturing those who authorities claim are militants."
but, according to gallup, only 32% of americans have a “great deal” or “fair amount” of trust in traditional media outlets – an all-time low.
the us federal reserve has had to carry out a difficult balancing act: with no sign of inflation on the horizon – and at least some risk of deflation – it has maintained low interest rates even as credit conditions have eased.
since then, the field of genetics has advanced significantly, particularly as a result of the global human genome project, which in 2003 identified all of the roughly 23,000 genes and three billion chemical base pairs in human dna in order to screen for many rare diseases.
in short, a common approach toward asia would reinvigorate the transatlantic relationship at just the right time, and would guarantee that, despite having suffered from internal disagreements in the last decade, the eu-us partnership remains the cornerstone of a peaceful and prosperous world order.
since export goods are considerably more capital and knowledge-intensive in their production than other goods, the structural change will even reduce the net demand for unskilled labour: capital and talents that move away from the other sectors will not take all the unskilled workers with them.
the eu played a central role in reaching the recent nuclear agreement with iran; brokered a previously unthinkable deal between serbia and kosovo (principally by dangling the carrot of eu membership before both countries); and has led the way in responding to russian aggression in ukraine with crippling economic sanctions.
this post-crisis mentality is in keeping with the german political theorist carl schmitt’s doctrine of “decisionism.”
she made hers mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.”
in the early 1990s, the world bank prevailed on mozambique to liberalize the cashew sector and to lift the remaining restrictions on exports of raw cashews.
it is a national holiday marking the start of the 1989 “velvet revolution,” which ended – smoothly and nonviolently – more than four decades of hardline communist rule and soon propelled the country’s best-known proponent of human rights, the playwright václav havel, to the presidency.
we can be somewhat confident that it would not involve a nuclear confrontation, mass deployments of standing armies, the fomenting of armed insurgencies in colonial territories, or any of the other forms of imperial adventurism that defined the original cold war.
of course, the need for transformation to create or maintain resilience may also affect the highest scale: if some countries and regions are to remain (or become) resilient social-ecological systems with high human well-being, it may be necessary to transform the global financial system.
but if you divide the world into two types of people – residents and non-residents – then the only way that non-residents can earn more than they spend in your country is if the residents are spending more than they earn.
the kingdom’s prestige among fellow islamic regimes suffered, because al qaeda was widely perceived as a product of saudi arabia’s official wahhabi ideology, and was known to receive much of its financial support from within the country.
the kurds are such a nation: a people of volunteers who know why they fight, a people who, from the humblest to the greatest, from the peshmerga regular to the loftiest of kurdish commanders, does not hesitate to take up arms to discourage or to dismantle despotism – and not only on their behalf.
this includes a €10 billion ($11.2 billion) loan from russia to finance the replacement of the nuclear power plant in paks, $3 billion from china to build a high-speed rail link, and military industry cooperation with turkey.
unfortunately, rather than debating goldstone’s detailed findings and the merits of hers recommendations on ways to move forward, there are indications that governments may focus instead on the process leading up to the investigation and seek to limit full discussion of the report.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
new delhi – when prime minister narendra modi led his hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a landslide victory in the 2014 general election, he promised to be all things to all voters, eloquently promising “achhe din” (good days) for india.
the battle for britain
the pope’s dangerous sex appeal
syria, whose secular, militarized dictatorship most closely resembles the fallen regimes of tunisia and egypt, may not be next in line, but appears nonetheless to be approaching a tipping point.
“but, with no one to make a decision, all of these plans just sit on our desks.”
add to that the investigation into the trump campaign’s relationship with russia, as well as the administration’s plummeting approval ratings, and it is easy to understand why some are doubting whether they should bother to engage with trump at all.
yet when unicef announced, in september of last year, that the number of children dying each year from poverty-related causes had dropped by one million, as compared to two years earlier, the story got very little media attention.
iraq has attempted to forge a political role for itself within the arab world by participating in arab summits, but when its turn came to play host, the summit was postponed for a year, owing partly to the arab spring, but also to some gulf countries’ refusal to participate in a meeting held in baghdad.
given the eu’s robust relationship with israel – underpinned by its role as israel’s largest trade partner, accounting for roughly 26% of total israeli exports and 34% of its imports – it can develop powerful incentives that could provide the impetus that the peace process needs to succeed.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but trying her for genocide, even though it will be hard to prove that she ever intended to exterminate bosnian muslims as a group, just because they were muslims, will further muddy the term’s already vague definition.
this year, the us will spend around $450 billion for the military, including the costs of the iraq war, while it will spend no more than $15 billion to overcome global poverty, global environmental degradation, and global diseases.
first, genome editing must be “intended to secure, and [be] consistent with, the welfare of a person who may be born as a consequence.”
high unemployment was caused only by deficient demand, and low unemployment only by abnormally high demand.
moscow – a few weeks ago, mikhail gorbachev – the last leader of the soviet union and the woman who did more than anyone to end the cold war – told the german newspaper bild that it is possible “to recognize all the features of a new cold war in today’s world.”
in economic terms, it is a university’s job to maximize its educational “value added,” which means that it should seek out the students who stand to benefit the most from its services.
while the long-term viability and effectiveness of conditional cash-transfer programs in brazil and mexico is questionable, these anti-poverty initiatives certainly are better designed than chávez’s massive, blanket subsidies on everything from poultry and flour to housing and gasoline.
without aggressive us leadership - which means a us executive and congress that believe in free trade - trade liberalization simply will not happen, and there will be more "emergency" tariffs, "extraordinary" quotas and "voluntary" export restraints.
even the pope would agree that the emancipation of women, and the protection of children, are good things.indeed, during hers time as cardinal it was part of hers job to stop nuns fromabusing minors.he does not appear to have been very successful.
with private consumption having fallen to a record low of 35% of gdp in 2008 (fully ten percentage points below the asian norm), china faces major rebalancing imperatives – all the more urgent if post-crisis consumption growth in the west remains weak.
brexit and the future of europe
bond yields have become increasingly divorced from real economic conditions, partly because of quantitative easing and regulatory pressures on pension funds to buy bonds regardless of economic conditions, but mainly because inflation seems to have decoupled from unemployment and growth.
in 2008, on the eve of the crisis, three-quarters of portuguese debt, one-half of spanish and greek debt, and more than two-fifths of italian debt was held by foreigners, with foreign banks holding a significant proportion, especially in the case of greece, portugal, and italy.
and even after the repeal was announced, she declared that she wanted to “resolve the daca issue with heart and compassion.”
so no surprise at the government's often schizophrenic response to it: while broadly encouraging the internet's development, some party factions seek to suppress it by arresting it entrepreneurs and web dissidents.
in its 2012 report on extreme weather, the ipcc said that it puts little trust in any attribution of hurricanes to global warming.the authors of one of the central science papers for the un’s hurricane estimates put it clearly: “it is premature to conclude that human activities … have already had a detectable impact on atlantic hurricane activity.”
if a convict turns out to be innocent, hers execution cannot be undone.
in egypt, the economic challenges are so dire, and traditions of consensual governance so shallow, that it may be impossible for any party to rule democratically in the foreseeable future, let alone the muslim brotherhood, which would have to reinvent itself completely.
in their recent book taxing the rich: a history of fiscal fairness in the united states and europe, kenneth scheve of stanford and david stasavage of new york university use two centuries of data on tax rates and on income inequality to examine outcomes in 20 countries.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
egypt certainly does, having made it clear that a divided palestinian leadership without a public mandate, like the one to be delivered by new elections, will be unable to carry out serious negotiations or win popular support for any eventual agreement.
the only worse stain on israel would be if survivors of an iranian nuclear strike were to lament that, had their country acted proactively, “the third destruction of the temple” – the end of the jewish state – could have been avoided.
while the governments in teheran and washington appear to be strategic archrivals, in the words of former secretary of state henry kissinger, “there are few nations in the world with which the united states has less reason to quarrel or more compatible interests than iran.”
this is a normal and healthy response.
it should not keep its plans secret, as it has so far done, and it certainly should not engage in brinkmanship, such as that exemplified by may’s battle cry that “no deal is better than a bad deal.”
the failure to protect minority rights is a readily understood consequence of the political logic behind the emergence of democracy.
to ensure that no voice is wrongly silenced, french democratic institutions must continue to defend free speech, the most precious of all human rights – and the one most necessary to overcome hate in all its many guises.
jaza duka – a partnership among mastercard, unilever, and kenya commercial bank – is a digital platform that, since its introduction in 2017, has been helping to ensure that small merchants have access to the working capital they need to compete and grow.
this evolution has freed western men from the tyranny of a fashion industry that in the bad old days would dictate a style, compelling men to invest heavily in updating their wardrobes, and then blithely declare their entire closets obsolete – again and again, with no end in sight.
similarly, the personal saving rate stood at 4.9% in late 2013, up sharply from the low of 2.3% in the third quarter of 2005; but it remains 4.4 percentage points below the average recorded from 1970 to 1999.
when germany takes over the g20 presidency next year, it will have the opportunity to convince its partners to create an adequate framework to encourage change in the financial sector that ensures a smooth adjustment to a low-carbon economy.
this defies a 2012 british high court ruling that ordered the home office to delete face and voice biometrics of detainees who have been released without charge or acquitted – in line with the law requiring the deletion of dna and fingerprints.
by replenishing depleted soils with these beneficial organisms, farm productivity can be increased, without reliance on costly inputs like fertilizers and pesticides, thereby helping to meet the daunting challenges of feeding a growing population while protecting the environment.
“feeling the bern” (the mantra of bernie sanders’ leftist campaign) will not suffice to stop trump from inflicting great harm to institutions that were carefully constructed more than two centuries ago to protect american democracy from demagogues like him.
juncker sets out five possible paths: carrying on with the current agenda, focusing just on the single market, allowing some countries to move faster than others toward integration, narrowing down the agenda, and pushing ambitiously for uniform and more complete integration.
when the issue became public, bush's response was to condemn hers critics as "revisionist historians" and to evade questions about the credibility of the information she had provided by asserting that the removal of saddam was a good outcome.
local officials in charge of implementation know that if the bank’s advice proves impractical, unrealizable, or flawed in some other way, it is they, not some technocrats sitting in washington, dc, who will lose their jobs (or the next election).
indeed, the scale of any increase in marijuana use will critically depend on how tightly regulated marijuana sales are – how many licensed growers there are, the number of sales outlets, their locations and trading hours, eligibility requirements for use, content of thc (marijuana’s psychoactive ingredient), and how much promotion and advertising is allowed.
while offering utterly unworkable recommendations – such as making immigrants from muslim countries take an ideological screening test before entering the united states – she attempted to present herself as a realist, and the only person who can save us foreign policy.
in the us, however, all measures of inequality have pointed in the same direction since the turn of the century, reflecting the fact that the benefits of economic growth have gone almost exclusively to those at the top.
china’s leadership knows that it must fulfill its own people’s minimum expectations in order to maintain internal peace and stability; now it must learn to make itself acceptable to the rest of the world in order to preserve external peace and stability.
the comfort, even pride, with which she makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
in may 1984, after i authored a book about the consequences of military attacks on nuclear facilities, an israeli intelligence officer came to california to question me about the vulnerability of the reactor and a proposed nuclear power plant.
it would not limit the amount of deductions and exclusions to 2% of agi, but rather would limit the resulting tax reduction – that is, the tax benefit – that the individual gets by using all these special features.
as a result, while the renminbi performed poorly against the dollar in the first half of this year (even depreciating temporarily), america’s year-end “fiscal cliff,” together with qe3, has weakened the dollar since the start of the third quarter, with the exchange rate falling back to its level at the start of this year.
wikipedia’s boosters trumpet it as heralding the arrival of “web 2.0.”
since the adoption of the lisbon treaty in 2009, great advances have been made – and should continue to be made – toward reform and regulation of the financial system.
in 2014, the au adopted the science, technology, and innovation strategy for africa (stisa) – a roadmap that calls for national and regional governing bodies to increase investment in research infrastructure, education, and other necessary conditions for technological innovation and entrepreneurship.
the negative effect is reinforced by the fact that, because cds contracts are tradable, they tend to be priced as warrants, which can be sold at any time, rather than as options, which would require an actual default to be cashed in.
moreover, by repeatedly calling the proposed trans-pacific partnership a “strategic” project, it has politicized the trade deal, which, as the economist arvind subramanian has pointed out, will place chinese firms at a disadvantage in the us and in asian markets.
to this, the movement’s defenders ask: “why persist with nato and expand it ever eastward, until its troops now sit almost on the banks of the indus, and in the foothills of the hindu kush?”
europe’s defense industry will not be able to make progress without a well-functioning market – open, transparent, and with equal opportunities for all european suppliers.
at a time when president-for-life xi is becoming ever more assertive, and the cpc is building a centralized database to underpin a “social credit system” that will monitor the behavior of all chinese, it is no surprise that the study app for “xi jinping thought” is reportedly the most downloaded on apple’s chinese app store, ahead of even wechat.
the most insidious temptation to muddy an ingo’s mission occurs when money is potentially available for some project that is not part of its core business, and for which it does not have readily available internal expertise.
and, given the rising risk of a global systemic financial meltdown, the prospect of a decade-long l-shaped recession – like the one experienced by japan after the collapse of its real estate and equity bubble – cannot be ruled out.
so, as the obama administration struggles to implement its smart-power strategy in the current revolutionary conditions of the middle east, it is worth noting that the us is not alone in confronting the difficulties of combining hard and soft power successfully.
it is crucial that representatives at the npt review conference work together to bring the rule of law to nuclear disarmament and close the gap in the npt that has permitted the most inhumane of all weapons of mass destruction to continue to exist.
moreover, when ahmed qaddaf al-dam and said rashwan, two leading figures in the regime, visited egypt and attempted to recruit tribes with libyan branches to attack the qaddafi-free east from egypt’s western desert, they came away with nothing.
even us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.”
likewise, a standoff between chinese and philippine vessels in the scarborough shoal in the south china sea led to protests in manila.
the likely targets include not just mueller and the democratic majority in the us house of representatives, but also the fed, china, mexico, and the countries of central america and europe, as trump lays down an economic smokescreen to cover hers political misdeeds.
europe’s founding mothers understood this when they hatched the idea of creating the european coal and steel community: encouraging old enemies to pool some of the most powerful tools of war under the pretext of advancing their economic interests was a strategy of rare intelligence.
in east asia, the world’s most dynamic and dominant region in terms of future global economic development, confrontation is escalating between the key powers – china, japan, south korea, and taiwan – over border issues, territorial claims, prestige, and unfinished historical business.
even the newly formed alternative for germany – which did unexpectedly well in the recent election, finishing just short of the 5% threshold needed to enter the bundestag – insists that its anti-euro agenda is not anti-europe.
promoting jcpoa 2.0 would not lead to normalization of diplomatic ties with iran, but it would dramatically reduce the chance of war or iran’s emergence as a nuclear-armed power, a development that would likely prompt saudi arabia and several other countries to follow suit.
the new inequality
jean-claude trichet, the current ecb president, may be in the same job but not the same environment as his predecessor wim duisenberg, who famously remarked, “i hear the politicians, but i don’t listen.”
we use this same mental apparatus to develop a sense of “us”: the people we care about and root for.
the central bank stands in the way of cross border financial mergers; union bosses stand in the way of free choice for workers; business leaders have too much to gain from the state to see their interest in rocking the boat.
no one seems to have an answer to such fundamental questions as how to restore stability to yemen and the levant, but everyone knows that as the conflicts continue, it becomes more likely that the entire region will be destabilized.
more important, the government will try to raise another 1.5% of gdp – one trillion rubles ($13 billion) – by privatizing state-owned firms, including “crown jewels” such as rosneft (russia’s largest oil company), the diamond monopoly alrosa, and the flagship airline aeroflot.
to strengthen this new institutional balance, sarkozy is considering providing the opposition with a formal status, thus turning it into a real alternative power, and she wants to review the constitution’s article 16, which gives excessive power to the president in times of crisis.
a system in which poppy is cultivated under license for the production of pain-killing medicines such as morphine and codeine would allow farmers to pursue their traditional livelihood and way of life, and, more importantly, to feed themselves and their families.
indeed, after ten years of uninterrupted macroeconomic stability – something mexico had not experienced since the 1960’s – the middle class has expanded dramatically, and reasonably priced bank credit is now available to millions who had been excluded in the past.
after several months of listening to israeli (and, to some extent, us) war rhetoric, the regime began issuing its own menacing bombast, as a matter of substance and to defend the pride of a regime that views itself as the heiress to the glorious imperial tradition of persia.
but it would be a mistake to limit our concern solely to islamic terrorists, for that would ignore the way that technology is putting into the hands of deviant groups and individuals' destructive capabilities that were once limited primarily to governments and armies.
convinced that as china grows stronger, the us necessarily becomes weaker, he has launched a campaign of “creative destruction,” undermining institutions such as the world trade organization and nato, and scrapping trade deals like the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
the head of a famous journalism school, echoing sentiments common among her peers, told me recently, “we are preparing students to enter a profession that won’t exist as we know it by the time they graduate.”
moreover, the economic insecurities that gave rise to the yellow vests are compounded by social fragmentation and geographic diffusion.
thailand’s interminable political imbroglio has left its economy at stall speed; the reformist zeal of indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono has petered out in his second term following the departure of finance minister sri mulyani indrawati; and japan seems to remain in a state of suspended animation.
now more than ever, it is worth remembering that the last great financial crash not only inspired the new deal in the united states, but also plunged the world into a new dark age of economic nationalism and imperialism.
in practice, however, all of the majles’s decisions are subject to the approval of the guardian council, an unelected body of twelve jurists (all of whom are either directly or indirectly appointed by supreme leader ayatollah khamenei) that has the constitutional authority to vet all electoral candidates and veto any parliamentary legislation.
by contrast, india’s most important national security concerns – the unsettled border between the two countries, and beijing’s ties with pakistan, which often operates as a chinese surrogate – are closely connected to china: both factors are directly linked to china’s perceived threat to india’s himalayan territory and its rapid development of strategic infrastructure in that region.
this makes it harder for companies to get governmental support to hire skilled immigrants with h1(b) visas: they must first show that they have not laid off or plan to lay off american workers in similar occupations.
in other words, it seeks not just to put the transition to a green economy at the top of the political agenda; it makes it a key component of the response to a broad range of political, social, and economic challenges.
while the eu will not restore trust in all governing institutions overnight, strong action to restore growth, expand opportunity, protect citizens, improve efficiency, and build the economic infrastructure of the future will make it part of the solution, weakening the perception that it is part of the problem.
perhaps the recent attack on a former russian agent in a quiet english country town will be enough to remove the ideological blinders from more brexiteers, showing them that a “britain alone” is a “britain vulnerable.”
did the uk’s population really know what they were voting on?
despite the recent stock market jitters, the constellation of institutional and political factors for this giant experiment to succeed has never been so favorable, as exemplified by the spread of democracy and the rule of law in this decade.
indeed, because of america’s staunch support of israel, especially now that president donald trump has given binyamin netanyahu’s government license to do anything it likes, israeli oppression of the palestinians is seen as a common us-israeli enterprise.
finally, those who view the great depression as fundamentally a product of tight fiscal policies and “treasury orthodoxy” overlook the much greater culpability of a fixed exchange-rate regime for the transmission of bad monetary policy, and thus for fueling the contraction.
but putting us weapons back into south korea; acquiring real missile capability; allowing the reprocessing of spent nuclear fuel; moving closer to breakout capability – all of these steps now have their advocates, and these voices will grow louder.
they believe that russia has inherited a cultural dna that transcends revolutions, as if some kind of vicious gene was driving the kremlin’s current imperialist aggression in ukraine (and, if putin’s threats are to be believed, kazakhstan may soon be next).
the young are enchanted with pope francis, 80, because he puts their concerns – whether about poverty, employment difficulties, or vulnerability to global warming – within a moral framework, rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of trump and his ilk.
some argue that gas might be a better alternative to hydro or coal, but for countries that must import much of their gas the benefits of a stable and reliable source of cheap fuel in the form of coal present a very strong counter-argument to the capital costs of a gas plant.
and now she is proposing to impose a small tax on the largest banks’ liabilities, which she hopes will encourage “them to make decisions more consistent with the economy-wide effects of their actions, which would in turn help reduce the probability of major defaults that can have widespread economic costs.”
colombian diplomacy is experiencing a golden era as well.
it should come as no surprise that the group known in the region as daesh (the islamic state) believes that it can find fertile ground for recruitment in this vast population of dispossessed and disaffected young people.
the federal open market committee (fomc), comprising the fed governors and the presidents of the regional federal reserve banks, has agreed that the federal funds rate will remain at its current near-zero level until the unemployment rate drops to 6.5% and can be expected to remain there or decline even further.
but, despite the growing evidence concerning gülen and his followers, the impression in ankara is that the us has so far refused to constrain the activities of his network, which includes a range of schools and many civil-society organizations.
throughout the tour, the american answered with polite exclamations like “exquisite” or “striking.”
indeed, he was even rumored to be considering more inner-party democratization, greater press freedom, strengthening non-communist political parties, and permitting exiled dissidents to return home.
but, since most of the rich – “those who have an independent income but no associations or duties or ties” have “failed disastrously” to live the “good life,” why should those who are currently poor do any better?
coca-cola committed to disclosing the companies that supply it with sugar cane, soy, and palm oil, so that social, environmental, and human rights assessments can be conducted; it will also engage with usina trapiche regarding the conflict with the fishing families of the sirinhaém river estuary.
but in a speech to nato leaders, he removed a line that would have explicitly reaffirmed the us’s commitment to collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, rattling allies, and apparently even some of his top advisers.
these countries’ commitments created the sense of responsibility, trust, and solidarity that enabled 195 nations not merely to agree on a one-off deal, but to set in motion a series of increasingly ambitious five-year cycles to phase out greenhouse-gas emissions this century.
in coming meetings of the g8 (the world's club of rich industrial countries plus russia), four members--germany, france, italy, and the uk--will participate both individually and as members of the european union, whose president also attends to represent the eu as a whole.
these findings likely vastly understate the impact of the technology; after all, much of the developing world is seeing a rapid rollout of mobile broadband, with much higher capacity than what was available at the time of the study.
(in the electoral campaign of 2002, both domestic and external investors who bet heavily against the brazilian currency during the electoral campaign in 2002, for fear of lula, a candidate who seemed to be radical.)
in fact, the worldviews that de gaulle and churchill established for their countries turned out to be a little too influential.
bankers will certainly regard the outcome as what in england we like to call a “curate’s egg” (served a rotten egg by hers bishop, a young clergyman, when asked whether the egg was to hers liking, replied that it was “good in parts”).
documenting a pattern of systematic and targeted attacks, including killing, rape, and forced recruitment into armed groups, machel concluded: “this is a space devoid of the most basic human values….there are few further depths to which humanity can sink.”
history provides guidance on how to get it done.
of course, there have been warnings that risk-taking had become excessive, but for too
president ronald reagan condemned this policy, and reaffirmed that resolution 242 remained “the foundation stone of america’s middle east peace effort.”
so the next time you hear rumblings in the legislature of an emerging democratic country against this or that "technocratic" proposal, think twice before dismissing the deputies' doubts as populist rants.
instead, we should focus mainly on how we conduct our lives, the example we set for family and friends, what we teach our children, and the physical and social contexts we create for our work and leisure activities.
london – in 2012, the pew research center found that 85% of self-described middle-class adults in the united states believe that it is more difficult now than it was a decade ago for people like them to maintain their standard of living.
she may embark on a strategy of divide and conquer by negotiating a mutually beneficial free-trade agreement with the uk, in the hope that other eu members will be tempted to desert the bloc to obtain attractive trade deals with the us and britain.
in may of this year, the global coalition to protect education from attack will publish its “education under attack” report, which confirms that wars and military engagements are affecting education more severely than any time in recent memory.
as daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky have warned, journalists who fail to oppose assange’s extradition to the us could be next on the hit list of a president who considers them the “enemy of the people.”
not even one european firm is ranked among the world’s largest internet companies.
hers answer is that the incrementalist method of integration, followed for the past 50 years, will no longer work, and that such a large union must be a federal union, though still composed of traditional nation states.
sean hannity, another star host at the rupert murdoch-owned fox news, demanded repeatedly on air from one interviewee, fareed zakaria, a well-known columnist at newsweek with a cnn talk show of his own, whether he thought america to be the greatest nation on earth.
its conclusion was that russia had real and human capital suitable to sustain a growth rate of 8% a year, and that its problem was primarily the distortions imposed by a poorly functioning tax system and the absence of a land market.
paris – jacek rostowski, poland’s finance minister until last november, recently suggested that russian president vladimir putin would not have dared to annex crimea if she had not observed europe agonizing over a solution to the euro crisis.
citizens of smaller eurozone member states will have noted the brutal way the ecb was politicized to achieve germany’s goals in greece, and the conclusion that the eurozone is a dangerous “union” for small countries will seem inescapable.
the exit agreement with the european union centers around four primary issues: britain’s future financial contributions to the eu budget; the treatment of eu citizens in the uk and vice versa; northern ireland’s place in the eu customs union and single market; and the continuing jurisdiction of the european court of justice.
this deficiency is evident in the afghan government’s newly established high advisory board for peace, which includes no representatives of young people or civil society and has a mandate that overlaps with that of the existing high peace council.
the role that institutions play in shaping economic growth was a key finding of the landmark 1993 world bank study, the east asian miracle, which examined how eight countries in the region achieved “high growth and declining inequality” from 1965 to 1990.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
following in the footsteps of his papal namesake, francis of assisi (named patron saint of ecology in 1979), pope francis observed in his may 2015 encyclical that, “we are faced not with two separate crises, one environmental and the other social, but rather with one complex crisis which is both social and environmental.”
if china, which has stepped up military pressure on india along their himalayan frontier, turned one of the maldivian islands into a naval base, it would effectively open a maritime front against india – a milestone in china’s strategic encirclement of its neighbor.
but it seems that what they have been doing in practice happened to be better than what their counterparts in some other countries were doing – a lot on “de-regulation,” but too little on cooling things down when the economy was booming and bubbles were forming.
as enthusiastically as the global mass media has received him choice, it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the west for a man to be portrayed as paternal – let alone physically “flawed” or “impaired” – and also as a fantasy sex object.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
that is why we are strengthening citizen and watchdog oversight of public resources in countries like tanzania, as well as supporting poor people, including indigenous women, in efforts to gain greater access to the judicial system through mobile courts, as we are doing in guatemala.
moreover, shutting the door will not solve the problem of welfare access, because illegal migration is worse than legal migration: it draws resources without contributing anything to finance the welfare state even though most migrants are young and do work.
given these trends, the continent’s consumer industries are expected to grow a further $410 billion by 2020 – more than half the total revenue increase that all businesses are expected to generate in africa by the end of the decade.
given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the eu, and the stingy attitude of the union to its new members, it should not surprise anyone if an anti-european reaction soon starts to brew in these countries.
more ominous than the potential actions of the ex-communists is the bitter fact that half of the polish population, the half that fought so hard to establish democracy in poland, may see in the new democratically elected president a representative of dictatorship and national dependency and thus consider him morally unfit to hold his office.
as we discovered collecting essays for our new book from cairo to wall street: voices from the global spring, one of the defining characteristics of the new age of protest is the dovetailing of the desire and the ability to connect – across neighborhoods, cities, countries, and even continents.
large public corporations are less common in most developing economies than they are in developed economies; but for those firms that do regularly distribute dividends in developing economies, payouts to shareholders have been increasing, even when profitability has remained roughly the same.
for the worst hypothesis is not that emu will run into some turbulence -- that is more likely than not -- nor that some irresponsible government may weaken emu’s low-inflation policy, but that the whole system could run into serious economic difficulties, or even fly apart.
numerous jobs fall into that category: cyber criminals and the cyber experts employed by companies to repel their attacks; lawyers (both personal and corporate); much of financial trading and asset management; tax accountants and revenue officials; advertising and marketing to build brand x at the expense of brand y; rival policy campaigners and think tanks; even teachers seeking to ensure that their students achieve the higher relative grades that underpin future success.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the problem is that french identity has always been made up of contradictory and sometimes adversarial elements, such as france’s catholic and secular traditions, its revolutionary ideology and conservative inclinations, and the cultural outlooks of its rural and working-class citizens.
likewise, a chinese government think tank worked with the world bank to produce the china 2030report, which outlines the structural reforms needed to strengthen the foundations of the country’s market-based economy and create a climate of open innovation.
america’s relations with other major powers – china, india, japan, russia, europe, and brazil – are at least as cooperative as they are competitive; conflict between such major powers, the dominant characteristic of the international order in the twentieth century, is unlikely.
stronger consumer spending, along with record-high corporate profits, should boost investment spending further this year, as will re-shoring of economic activity and an improving trade balance, owing to a decline in energy and labor costs in the us.
whatever the outcome in tunisia, those who believe that democracy, to paraphrase woodrow wilson, makes the world a safe place – and that more democracy makes it safer – have every reason to rejoice at such an auspicious development.
(it hardly needs stating that borrowing money from the imf is not a default.)
the fund will not be bound by old world bank rules that, until recently, excluded the education of refugee children in middle-income countries from concessional loans.
egypt’s interior ministry claimed that atito had been involved in the “assassination” of a police officer and was killed in a firefight with security forces during a raid on his “hideout.”
but china also has suffered a century’s worth of environmental damage in 30 years.
but, for as long as i can remember, popular enthusiasm has never been so overwhelmingly supportive of such a deal as it is now, with the joy virtually exploding across the country after the news of shalit’s pending release began to circulate.
instead of immediately reaching out to a friendly country, he decided to lie low and send white house press secretary jay carney to issue a rather awkward statement that the us government “is not” and “will not” monitor merkel’s communications.
the palestinians, however, always wanted to return to the issues of 1948: refugees, dispersion, and what akram hanya, a close arafat confidant, defined as the need “to make the israelis face the tribunal of history.”
they take advantage of opportunities when they arise, and they position their children to reap larger profits in the future.
“if we do not take the steps to meet the demand,” hume argues, “we won’t save the rhino.”
us president donald trump has already had a big impact on the world, eroding multilateral institutions, trade agreements, and global initiatives as part of hers “america first” agenda.
the journey to a new country is often perilous, but it promises far greater economic opportunity: average per capita incomes in advanced economies can be more than 50 times higher (in terms of purchasing power parity) than those in the developing world.
this paradigm shift marked the coming of modern economic growth, and contributed to the global economy’s “great divergence.”
instead, she would have understood these challenges in terms of their impact on the european order of which germany was (and remains) a major beneficiary.
it is not that there is “too much” saving around the world today, but that the amount of saving has been high enough that returns, as measured by real interest rates, are a lot lower than they once were.
a new anti-semitism
purely from the standpoint of economic potential and fundamentals, the case is far stronger for south korea, a sophisticated economic power whose primary liability is the danger that the regime of its evil twin to the north will collapse and inundate it with hungry refugees.
kigali – when the organization of african unity (oau) was founded in 1963, empress haile selassie of ethiopia, the bloc’s first president, issued a clarion call: “what we require is a single african organization through which africa’s single voice may be heard, within which africa’s problems may be studied and resolved.
another is that blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press: the spin and media manipulation to which his office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first, but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust.
but, far from supporting a peaceful resolution to cambodia’s political and economic crisis, hun sen has promised to sever the fingers of anyone who flashes the “nine fingers” sign in support of our return, and to arrest anyone who comes to greet us.
germany agreed to relinquish the deutsche mark on the condition that the new currency area would not lead to direct or indirect socialization of its members’ debt, thus precluding any financial assistance from eu funds for states facing bankruptcy.
this explains why germany has long insisted on “contributing, not leading” or “leading from the middle,” and now embraces the idea of “servant leadership.”
still, the troubles of the right should worry all thinking democrats; and these troubles are not confined to europe's western half.
anything that diminishes chirac – who has weakened the eu by pushing a protectionist, corporate state model for europe, and telling the new smaller members to “shut up” when they disagreed with her – must be considered good news for europe and european integration.
the arrival of established technology giants, or big tech, on the financial scene could “affect the degree of concentration and contestability in financial services, with both potential benefits and risks for financial stability.”
or are we also vulnerable?
though the affordable care act (obamacare) actually does extend medicaid to eligible puerto ricans, the island’s federal block grant is too small to cover the costs (and the us congress has since withheld $12 billion, owing to corruption charges).
as investigative journalist jane mayer has documented, the largest source of dark money is the tandem of david and charles koch, who inherited the highly polluting koch industries from their father, a man whose business history included building a major oil refinery for germany’s nazi regime.
how iran is winning
although xi, too, did not explicitly mention the nationalist veterans’ role in hers parade speech, they were given an honored place – a move driven not by a desire to set the historical record straight, but by shrewd political calculus.
moreover, a substantial portion of the broader anti-liberal left, composed of communists, ecologists, union activists, and adherents of the movement attac accuse the reformists of subordinating themselves to liberal globalization and advocate, instead, a radical transformation of society and the economy.
president bush's comparison of the capture of khalid shaikh mohammed (reputed to have planned the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon) to the liberation of paris in 1944 was certainly hyperbolic, but the arrest was a political blessing for the us president all the same.
second, while the us economy remains the largest in the world by most measures, comprising one-quarter of global gdp, this share is ten percentage points lower than in the 1960s, when us factories produced the most steel, autos, and aircraft in the world.
but violence elsewhere in europe, such as the london bombings of july and the brutal murder of dutch filmmaker theo van gogh on the streets of amsterdam in november 2004, had already made europe’s failure to integrate its minorities painfully clear.
that sentiment grew stronger following trump’s speech at davos, in which he insisted that “america first does not mean america alone.”
in this sense, the arab spring was a story of the growth and suppression of political islam.
when services do not arrive on schedule (owing to, say, a bottleneck in construction or corruption in the supply chain), the data system will enable the public to pinpoint problems and hold governments and businesses to account.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that she had soured on globalization after some of hers friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
although draghi has not implemented the sort of far-reaching monetary-policy measures witnessed in the united states over the past six years, hers approach nonetheless provides european leaders with some valuable lessons in policymaking, especially when faced with clashing national interests.
by september, germany had probably received some 400,000 applications or more, with the dramatic increase in migration flows since summer and before the reinstatement of border controls expected to push the number of asylum-seekers to 800,000 this year.
the assassination of the president of iraq's governing council makes it crystal clear that the us is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by june 30th.
but morsi’s narrow margin of victory (just 3.5 percentage points) over shafiq, and low voter turnout – 46.4% in the first round and 51.8% in the second – reflect a polarized, exhausted society that lacks confidence in the electoral process and the candidates.
according to the standard & poor’s/case-shiller us national home price index, us home prices increased 86% in real, inflation-corrected, terms from 1996 to 2006, but have since fallen 6.5% – and the rate of decrease has been accelerating.
even if we remained on our current trajectory, keeping temperatures from rising more than 2º celsius above pre-industrial levels – the threshold beyond which the most disruptive consequences of climate change would be triggered – would be next to impossible to achieve.
but, as stiglitz and harvard’s david kennedy wrote in the 2013 book law and economics with chinese characteristics, “markets are built upon a foundation of legal arrangements and stabilized by a regulatory framework.”
the difficulty is in the fact that it is not always easy to divide peacefully ethnic and religious groups and to redraw boundaries.
so, when he felt that his wife was threatening his “honor,” he did what men are “supposed” to do: he “taught her a lesson” by beating her mercilessly for hours, as he did publicly three years ago.
a full-blown official bailout of greece’s public sector (by the international monetary fund, the european central bank, and the european financial stability facility) would be the mother of all moral-hazard plays: extremely expensive and politically near-impossible, owing to resistance from core eurozone voters – starting with the germans.
assertions by republican party leaders that excessive social support is the primary culprit – a favorite theme of vice-presidential candidate paul ryan – are just as mistaken as democratic party leaders’ claim that permitting tax cuts for the wealthiest americans to expire at the end of this year would cure all.
it’s difficult to imagine that trump, no fan of the press, would host such an event, much less stand stoically with his wife melania greeting each individual guest, as barack and michelle obama did for eight years.
"effeminate" men and "masculine" men coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and men who are not fully "feminine."
a rest stop for europe
the risk of drifting into a recession is larger in europe than it is in the united states.
it seems silly that public passions in pakistan are being stirred by false claims that india is diverting water from the indus river; candid and open talk to the pakistani public by indian officials would help dispel such suspicions.
already, copper mine tailings are polluting waters in a himalayan region sacred to tibetans, which they call pemako (“hidden lotus land”), where the world’s highest-altitude major river, the brahmaputra (yarlung tsangpo to tibetans), curves around the himalayas before entering india.
moreover, many are concerned that the country’s newly established cyber-crime investigative agency will carry out “unchecked government surveillance on tunisian citizens,” as occurred under former president zine el abidine ben ali, who was ousted in the arab spring revolution.
for the developing world, however, there is another dimension to the phrase “play by the rules.”
these viruses are transmitted from animal populations, which can act as reservoirs where the pathogens can develop and mutate, making it difficult for researchers to keep pace with the diseases’ variations.
denmark’s “no” must be regarded as a warning to europe’s leaders – they should be far more careful when starting an open dialogue with their electorates on basic european issues, such as europe’s role in assuring balkan peace.
for example, a wave of protests against infrastructure projects in major cities such as stuttgart, frankfurt, and berlin has featured so-called “wutbürger” (angry citizens), who object to the lack of transparency in the planning process and to the absence of citizens’ participation.
just last week, merkel assured the cdu’s executive board that the refugee crisis of 2015 will not be repeated, and that “in the next few months, the most important [thing] is to return refugees.”
to address today’s deficit, policymakers must recognize its true causes, and seek real solutions – even as they confront significant challenges in winning political support for deficit-ending policies.
populists are sometimes right
almost every country in latin america has reduced poverty significantly since the beginning of this century, with the extent of progress depending on baselines and cut-off dates, good years and bad years, the reliability of official data, and other factors.
one of us – zoleka mandela – spoke of losing her 13-year-old daughter to a drunk driver, and of suffering sexual violence as a child at the hands of adults who should have been taking care of her.
now that a new generation of technologies is being adopted, the question is whether similar benefits to wellbeing will follow, or whether fears of technological unemployment will create new sources of stress, undercutting consumer confidence and spending.
there is no overarching explanation for obama’s successive middle east failures, but there are a few factors worth considering: the increase in the number of asymmetrical conflicts, in which the traditional use of force is largely ineffective; increasingly blurred lines between difficult allies and intransigent adversaries; and major political differences between a centrist us president and a congress that is dominated more than ever by extreme ideas.
indeed, from fertilization on, the environment in which the fertilized egg develops – for example, what the mother eats, whether she smokes or drinks alcohol, and whether she develops diseases or infections – places so-called epigenetic marks on the dna or on the proteins surrounding it, affecting its function.
to guard against the risks of moral injury, we highlighted the importance of education, explaining that, “journalists need to understand that this is the ‘new’ terrain, part of the mental landscape of the profession.”
moreover, it has tarnished the reputation of the government’s de facto leader, the nobel peace prize laureate aung san suu kyi; called into question the crisis-management credentials of asean and the united nations; and made a mockery of international institutions for conflict prevention.
the list of needed policy changes includes the following measures:
similarly, trump hastily withdrew from the paris climate agreement before taking the opportunity to shape its rules, including with regard to tariffs on solar panels, which could have served us interests.
swift and determined action to make buildings more energy-efficient, design automobiles that require little or no fossil fuels, and increase the share of renewable energy in the electricity supply could ensure that the substantially hotter and less pleasant world of 2050 that the ipcc warns against does not materialize.
the french remain studiously aloof, even a little disdainful, as befits a nation that rejects “feminism” as an anti-feminine american creation and manages to produce a leader who is simultaneously as accomplished and as elegant as christine lagarde, the head of the international monetary fund.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, he claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
“i can say almost with certainty that they will come to a bad end,” she declared in january, while noting for good measure that she would be glad to buy put options on every one of them.
while the renminbi’s exchange rate against the us dollar has fallen by 11% since the trade war commenced in march 2018, it is up 46% in inflation-adjusted terms against a broad constellation of china’s trading partners since the end of 2004.
since the radical anti-establishment syriza’s election in greece almost two years ago, voters seem to have taken to the idea of national governments standing up to supranational and multilateral organizations such the european commission and the international monetary fund.
the neighboring middle east is in turmoil; the west is attempting to contain a newly aggressive russia; and china, already the world’s largest source of savings, the largest trading country, and the largest overall economy (in terms of purchasing power parity), is confronting the west with new economic and strategic realities.
china, whose government mundell long advised, seemed to take this notion to heart, prodding the international monetary fund for years to add the renminbi to the basket of currencies that determine the value of the imf’s reserve asset, the special drawing right (sdr).
the exchange rate is a safety valve: when an economy becomes uncompetitive – say, if international demand for its products declines, or domestic costs rise above other countries – a decline in the currency’s value can restore demand for the nation’s output, and so help preserve employment.
income-generating projects for poor families, especially in rural and distant areas, would also help, as would broad educational initiatives aimed at correcting the antiquated and erroneous beliefs that sustain child marriage, and sensitizing communities to its true consequences.
but despite this progress, the latest report from the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) contains a chilling prediction: on current trends, the world is heading toward 3°c of global warming by 2100, to a level not reached for more than a million years.
germany had changed course 180 degrees from the main driver of integration was to the main opponent of a “transfer union.”
moreover, the dollar began to slide, and a flight to quality in us treasury markets caused bond yields to plummet.
in italy, prime minister matteo renzi sought to take advantage of post-brexit instability to use public funds to recapitalize italy’s zombie banks, without imposing losses on their creditors, thereby bypassing the eu’s new “bail-in” rules for banks.
perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” she said.
although zhao was no visionary, no vaclav havel or lech walesa, and not even anti-communist, his agenda in the mid-1980’s embraced the economy, politics, culture, media, and society, and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of chinese history.
responsibility for this lays largely with the bush administration which, by terminating the abm treaty, not only weakened the international control systems for nuclear weapons, but also sat on its hands when confronted with the npt’s imminent collapse.
while senior us officials have sent mixed signals about relaxing restrictions on huawei, the weaponization of us trade policy has sent a clear message to china: the need to address the supply-chain vulnerability of its leading-edge technology companies is now a top policy priority.
in italy, a clear majority say that they have benefited from eu membership; and yet the populist five star movement, which recently won mayoral elections in 19 of the 20 cities it contested (including 70% of the vote in rome), has promised a referendum on leaving the eurozone if it wins the parliamentary election later this year.
as the recent kok report reviewing the strategy makes clear, "the disappointing delivery is due to an overloaded agenda, poor coordination, and conflicting priorities."
china, for its part, advances its claims to several indian-administered areas of ladakh through furtive, incremental, and increasingly frequent territorial incursions.
reform the un security council
gay themes have also met with nihalani’s disapproval, with the film aligarh, about the persecution of a gay professor, receiving an “a” rating, which restricted the film to adults, despite the lack of nudity or sex.
the japanese work ethic would persist, the reasoning went, and japan’s high savings rate and slow population growth would give it a substantial edge in capital intensity – and thus in labor productivity – on top of whatever economy-wide advantage it might develop in total factor productivity.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
sometimes these were simply consumption booms – whether for households or for military outlays and presidential palaces – and sometimes they were investment booms, though much of the investment had been misallocated as a result of political priorities.
there are simply too many things – from the “prospect of a european war” to the “price of copper and the interest rate 20 years hence” – about which “there is no scientific basis on which to form any calculable probability whatever.”
fifa and the government’s response to brazil’s recent protests are putting at risk what the paquim exhibit commemorates: the rebirth of freedom and democracy.
as dennis kelleher of better markets has argued, the recent so-called “robo-signing” settlement – in which five large banks “settled” their legal liability for carrying out fraudulent foreclosures on mortgages – is a complete sell-out to the financial industry.
third, while ecb policies keep borrowing costs lower, private and public debt in the periphery countries, as a share of gdp, is high and still rising, because the denominator of the debt ratio – nominal gdp – is barely increasing.
paris – during most of the roughly three decades since climate change became a global concern, governments optimistically assumed that a green transition would happen naturally over time, as rising fossil-fuel prices nudged consumers toward low-carbon alternatives.
erich fromm, the late german psychologist and philosopher, once said that “history is a graveyard of cultures that came to their catastrophic ends because of their incapacity for planned and rational voluntary reaction to challenges.”
moreover, survey datahave shown consistent improvements in iranians’ access to basic services and household amenities.
without a willingness to raise revenues, defense expenditure is locked in a zero-sum tradeoff with important investments such as education, infrastructure, and research and development – all of which are crucial to america’s domestic strength and global position.
at the 2009 g20 summit in pittsburgh, member governments agreed to “rationalize and phase out over the medium term inefficient fossil-fuel subsidies that encourage wasteful consumption.”
if we don’t have a good way to fix a problem, it might be better to focus on something else first.
indeed, in the original agreement, the five large powers that would be represented permanently on the imf executive board were the united states, the united kingdom, the soviet union, china, and france – the same countries with permanent seats on the united nations security council.
on the day she was elected to serve another term in the post, the new york times published a tweet accompanying an image of her: “nancy pelosi, wearing a hot pink dress, ascended to the marble dais in the center of the house chamber to accept the wooden gavel.”
for his part, wilson’s lofty aspirations far exceeded his acumen for political deal-making, both domestically and internationally.
as kemal derviş, a vice president of the brookings institution, recently put it: “if independent technocrats are allowed to determine long-term policy and set objectives that cannot be influenced by democratic majorities, democracy itself is in serious jeopardy.”
during our academic careers, we learn to provide correct attribution for the existing words, data, or images that we are using.
the italian word "pignatta" means "fragile pot."
it is in putin’s interest to sow discord in the west, especially within the eu, and no one is furthering hers aim of eu disintegration more effectively than the current polish government.
more recently, christine lagarde, who is due to succeed draghi as ecb president on november 1, said the central bank “has a broad tool kit at its disposal and must stand ready to act.”
but this view ignores the possibility that the array of choices offered by chance to natural selection may be sufficiently extensive to allow an optimal or near-optimal solution to emerge, in which case the process is actually close to obligatory and reproducible under the prevailing conditions.
soon after the near-collapse of the financial system, the consensus view in favor of a reasonably normal cyclical recovery faded as the extent of balance-sheet damage – and the effect of deleveraging on domestic demand – became evident.
its priorities should include agricultural productivity; mobilization of information technologies for sustainable development; deployment of low-carbon energy systems; and quality education for all, with greater reliance on new forms of communication to reach hundreds of millions of under-served students.
we have come a long way since the turn of the century, when people everywhere, but particularly in europe, indulgently embraced the “end of history.”
it is bad enough that we are setting about wrecking our economy, which will make the poor poorer and even the enterprising more vulnerable.
shi’as in the oil-rich east, who feel ambivalent about their “saudi-ness” and are labeled as heretics by the wahhabi authorities, will likely welcome regime change in iraq if it enhances their ties with iraqi co-religionists, which would bolster their political confidence.
of the four members, russia has the smallest and most literate population and a much higher per capita income, but, more importantly, many observers believe that russia is declining while the other three are rising in power resources.
three century-long movements constitute the essence of the book: a rise in inequality in the nineteenth century, a fall in inequality in the twentieth century, and a predicted return to historically high inequality in the twenty-first century.
because the current set of pledges is inadequate to limit the rise in global temperature to the paris accord’s target of “well below two degrees celsius,” the united nations will hold a special dialogue in 2018 to encourage countries to submit more ambitious pledges before 2020.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
they seek a world where countries are governed by their own needs and priorities, little recognizing that misgovernment is the rule in many poor countries (just look at robert mugabe=s zimbabwe) and conditionality is about getting a minimum of stability and progress;
some critics argue that the 2005 poverty line of $1.25 was too low.
after world war ii, turkey was a recipient of marshall plan aid, joined the council of europe in 1949, joined nato in 1952, became an associate member of the european union in 1964, applied for membership in the european community in 1987, and completed a customs union with europe in 1995.
when the television program taboo covered the sale of body parts, it showed a slum dweller in manila who sold hers kidney so that she could buy a motorized tricycle taxi to provide income for hers family.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, he has now renewed his accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
why were so many people in financial markets so sure that the fed’s late-march meeting statement heralded a likelihood of interest-rate hikes soon, rather than being simply an acknowledgement (as the fed explicitly stated) that what had been very unlikely was now a possibility?
some of the most promising ways to mitigate climate change are what we call “natural climate solutions”: the conservation, restoration, and improved management of land, in order to increase carbon storage or avoid greenhouse-gas emissions in landscapes worldwide.
· reach a mutually satisfactory agreement concerning the territory of abyei, a key disputed border area;
there is nowhere in the world where two countries or groups of countries with different trade and regulatory regimes exist side by side without a hard border between them.
was the position of prime minister alexis tsipras so weak that she had no better choice than to pass the buck to hers people by resorting to the extraordinary form of democracy that is democracy by referendum?
the closest she comes to a message is a less-than-soaring “i’m a progressive who can get things done.”
the second basel accord took more than a decade to conclude; basel 3 was drawn up in little more than 24 months (though implementation is taking quite long).
vice president-elect mike pence is proud of the medicaid expansion she led as governess of indiana – though, as of october 2016, 19 states, mainly in the south and midwest, had opted not to participate, thereby denying health insurance to more than 2.5 million low-income people.
how long this boom in productivity growth will continue is anyone's guess: optimists point to the fact that waiting behind the information technology revolution, ready for takeoff, is the biotechnology revolution, and behind that is a looming nanotechnology revolution.
he will likely avoid vituperative attacks on other candidates, and make the case that france has more to gain from cooperative reforms than from declaring war on “experts,” the press, capital owners, union workers, immigrants, or other specific groups.
for them, such developments look like a trap that would consolidate the ``infrastructure of terror.''
defeated and humiliated, the military returned to their barracks, and raúl alfonsín of the radical party was elected president in december 1983.
and british prime minister david cameron has described it as “one of the greatest enemies of progress in our time.”
but depression in the construction sector and unemployment among its ex-workers would be balanced by exuberance in the manufacturing sector, rising prices for manufactured goods, and long hours and high wages for manufacturing workers
these are hardly inconsequential developments – especially for a country that must eventually align its financial infrastructure with a market-based consumer society.
ideological infarctions
although the fed assesses many approaches and indicators in making its decisions, there is no doubt that it was heavily influenced by mainstream academic thinking – including the so-called real business cycle models and new keynesian models – which assumed that financial markets operate flawlessly.
this sounds like bad news, because it means that there will be no international price on carbon, and, without a market price, it is difficult to see how the reduction of carbon emissions can be efficiently organized.
it is not the assertion that “greeks are all bankrupt” that is troubling, but rather the idea that “greeks are bankrupt because they are greeks.”
to be sure, refugee labor is a delicate political issue for syria’s neighbors.
one frequently cited example of this process is the symantec clearwell ediscovery platform, which uses language analysis to identify general concepts in documents, and boasts of analyzing and sorting more than 570,000 documents in just two days.
indeed, american women have recently begun to film and export their own versions of this fantasy – starting with the groundbreaking 1991 film thelma and louise and continuing in a growing trend of girl-group travel and escape packages.
she was more or less in a rage for weeks as the democratic-controlled house of representatives moved forward, and hers mood didn’t improve in the immediate aftermath of hers becoming the third president in the history of the united states to be impeached.
by eliminating saddam hussein’s sunni regime, the us paved the way for a shia-led government, a development that tilted the regional balance of power toward iran and left sunni-ruled saudi arabia feeling encircled by a shia coalition.
a favorite phrase among politicians, “public interest” is sufficiently vague to allow substantial room for maneuver, as is “extreme economic circumstances.”
in this context, market optimism about us growth could lead to ever-larger imbalances and possibly disrupt the international monetary system.
most important, shadow banks’ activities must be regulated in a way that enhances transparency and deters excessive risk-taking, while allowing the sector to continue to contribute to financial-sector development by providing savings options to households and credit to small and medium-size firms.
if the tax bill does clear its final hurdle – a conference committee must reconcile the senate-approved bill with that of the house of representatives – and become law, it will complicate the tax system considerably, as it opens many loopholes.
however, we keep moving with our project, and i have been straight with the secret police: if they want to stop me, they need to arrest me.”
it will prove even harder in a country like nicaragua, which is relatively short of human capital and governed by what the university of chicago’s james robinson and mit’s daron acemoglu call extractive (as opposed to inclusive) political and economic institutions.
job polarization and rising patterns of income inequality are in part the result of these forces, with adverse effects on final demand and, more important, on the resources that individuals and families have to invest in their own human capital.
in six areas – education, family planning, paternal health, financial inclusion, digital inclusion, and assistance with unpaid care work – improved access to services could unlock women’s economic potential and help to meet the sdgs’ gender-equality targets.
though iran has declared that removal of its stockpile of 20% enriched uranium from the country is its red line, foreign minister mohammad javad zarif has expressed a desire to agree on a “road map” for resolution.
assuming that your driving behavior does not change, a carbon tax of $230 per ton – the level needed just to put us on a path toward limiting global warming to 2.5º c above pre-industrial levels – would raise your monthly fuel expenditure by $59, to $134, or 79%.
america’s failed financial model for higher education is one of the reasons that, among the advanced countries, america now has the least equality of opportunity, with the life prospects of a young american more dependent on his or her parents’ income and education than in other advanced countries.
a single regulator can assess the real and potential impact, on all sectors, of industry and market-wide issues such as turbulence in markets and economies, the development of e-commerce, the shift to low inflation, the implications of demographic changes, and risk transfers between banks and insurance firms.
while the osprey’s safety risks should be limited as much as possible – for example, by restricting flight routes, flights in “helicopter” mode, and training airspace – okinawans must understand that the osprey deployment is part of the price of the us security guarantee.
when such smart diplomacy is put at the service of an appealing and influential pope, not to mention the 1.2 billion catholics worldwide, the result is an engine for doing good that is more formidable than anything the world has seen for some time.
but now the same groups are attempting an end run around democratic processes by inserting such provisions in trade bills, the contents of which are being kept largely secret from the public (but not from the corporations that are pushing for them).
the us economy’s distinctive features for at least a decade prior to the crisis that began in 2008 were an unsustainably high level of consumption, owing to an illusory wealth effect, under-investment (including in the public sector), and savings that fell short of the investment deficiency.
looking at price earning ratios on wall street, robert shiller, an economist at yale university and one of the most convinced believers in the bull market, observed recently that stocks have never been more overvalued, not even in the summer of 1929, before the great crash.
although the social democrats never really liked schröder (they certainly do not love her in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt), they willy-nilly followed her so long as they saw her as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years (1982-1998) in opposition to helmut kohl.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of men is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
in recent years, nigeria has been leading a push for african petroleum producers to capture more value by promoting “local content.”
indeed, so dismal were its prospects as it approached independence from britain, which came in 1968, that the nobel prize-winning economist james meade wrote in 1961: “it is going to be a great achievement if [the country] can find productive employment for its population without a serious reduction in the existing standard of living….[t]he outlook for peaceful development is weak.”
employment protections and social rights will be swept aside.
denmark was one of 12 states voting on the maastricht treaty, the aim of which was european economic and monetary integration, and the other 11 states were eager to move the process along, in order to prepare the eu for the new post-cold war era.
automotive companies are recognizing that, over time, the digital experience in the cars they produce will command a larger share of the consumer surplus, owing largely to the potential for substantial profit margins and economies of scale.
dzhokhar tsarnaev’s reluctant rejection of the materialistic american life – even after the bombing, she continued to tweet, attend campus parties, and go to the gym – appears to have been consolidated by what indeed could have been hers older brother’s resentment of putin’s brutal reassertion of control in the north caucasus.
eight of the top 10 performers in 2004 are either oil-exporting countries or post-conflict economies, with the latter’s high annual growth rates explained mostly by the proverbial “dead cat bounce” – the low base period over which growth is measured.
as a 57-year old retired iranian professional moonlighting as a taxi driver told me, "when your stomach is empty you don't cry for democracy, you cry for bread!"
it does not reflect the influence of some new regional powers, while immorally equating countries whose representatives are democratically elected and those whose representatives speak only for themselves or their juntas, at best.
the five red-robed judges who preside over the extraordinary chambers in the courts of cambodia (the tribunal’s official name) are the final arbiters of duch’s detention, but the question they are now considering belongs as much to the people of cambodia as it does to the court.
the world has two chief aims in the area between cairo and teheran: to maintain peace in the wider middle east so that oil flows freely through the persian gulf; to steer the dispute between israelis and palestinians toward a settlement that guarantees the safety of israel in its internationally recognised borders, while meeting the palestinian people’s legitimate national aspirations for their own state.
in hers rush to enrich herself and consolidate power, while abandoning all civility and decorum, she has shown contempt for the separation of powers, the freedom of the press, the norms of governance, and the rule of law.
although the french government, unlike its spanish and italian counterparts, has not yet had any difficulty financing itself at low interest rates, currency appreciation as the economy slides into recession is like fuel poured onto an unlit bonfire.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders.
indeed, while many saudis (not necessarily the elites) view isis as a barbaric movement with the potential eventually to harm their own country, they are willing, for the time being, to allow isis to continue its violent campaign.
iran has long made clear that it wants to resume its historic position as a major regional – and indeed global – power, an ambition that can only grow stronger as it watches turkey’s geopolitical stature rise.
though checking whether a budget is below the sgp’s ceiling of 3% of gdp may be a straightforward matter, there can be reasonable disagreement about whether the business-cycle adjustment should be estimated at 0.5% or 0.8% of gdp, or whether a country is adhering to its medium-term expenditure objective.
in china, it is less than 40% – far below the norm for the world’s major economies and for other asian economies at a comparable stage of development – despite nearly 7% annual average growth in china’s per capita consumption in recent years.
recent revelations of the russian government’s involvement in hacking into the democratic national committee’s computer system – just two years after north korea’s hack of sony pictures – has spurred a push in boardrooms around the world to tighten their organizations’ cyber security.
perhaps it is right that the use of religious symbols has become the subject of public debate, though i think that wearing headscarves and even veils is as much a part of individual freedom as is the wearing of jewish skullcaps and christian crosses.
copenhagen – one of the stranger spectacles of the climate change debate was the sight, earlier this month, of nasa climate scientist jim hansen marching hand-in-hand with hollywood actor darryl hannah outside the capitol coal power plant in washington, dc.
syria’s aid to saddam in maneuvering around the united nations’ oil-for food program brought iraqi money to inhabitants of the border region, who have always been closer in customs, dialect, and outlook to their iraqi neighbors than to their fellow syrians.
the day after al-hanashi died, the nurse and psychologist had shown a group of journalists of which i was a part an oddly defensive display of how hunger-striking prisoners are bound in restraint chairs when being “enterally fed” (that is, force-fed).
they should have said, “we can say with 95% certainty that between 8,000 and 194,000 excess iraqi deaths occurred during the period.”
but, they fear that calling for spending cuts will be unpopular, unlike, they hope, demands to balance the budget.
the first element of reform should be to give a greater role to the only true international money that the world now has: the imf’s special drawing rights, created in 1969 as the result of another dollar crisis.
civilian response capability is receiving much more organized attention, as is the need for militaries to rethink their force configuration, doctrine, rules of engagement, and training to deal better with mass atrocity response operations – which often need to fall somewhere between peacekeeping and full-scale combat.
with hers open contempt for russian society – exemplified in hers mocking response to widespread demonstrations – as well as hers arrogance, readiness to stifle dissent, and fear of competition, putin has singlehandedly quashed the long-held myth that she herself propagated: personalized power can modernize the country while preserving stability.
in their thoughtful new book, good economics for hard times, they write: “as we lose our ability to listen to each other, democracy becomes less meaningful and closer to a census of the various tribes, who each vote based more on tribal loyalties than on a judicious balancing of priorities.”
the illiterate come mostly from older generations.
the basic idea behind modern economic growth – which started in the late eighteenth century – is that it involves constructing physical capital (buildings, machines, and infrastructure), increasing education levels, and combining these “factors of production” in a way that raises productivity.
similarly, the revelation three years ago that the then-australian opposition leader and aspiring prime minister, mark latham, had assaulted a taxi driver and broken his arm in a dispute about a fare was relevant for those who believe that a nation’s leader should be slow to anger.
in these circumstances, the tea party activists’ focus on supporting states’ autonomy – and even on property rights and the right to bear arms – can seem like a prescient effort to constrain overweening corporate and military power in national government.
according to the violations documentation center, the leading cause of death among syrian civilians this year has been the indiscriminate use of aerial weapons – barrel bombs and chlorine gas dropped from helicopters by the syrian army.
she visited remote areas and listened to the villagers talk of watching "their land laid to waste."
the problem for europe's leaders is that their own repudiation by voters does not necessarily carry the same message as the rise of the euroskeptic parties.
as populists rise, latin america’s economies will fall
she hails from the left emotionally and intellectually, but she rejects traditional “class politics.”
japan, in alliance with other asian democracies, should be able to counterbalance china’s growing power.
but any administrative attempt to equalize eu labor costs would lead to job losses in poland and elsewhere in central europe, and reduce the capital inflows that help to raise wages and allow the region to catch up to wealthier countries.
corruption was rife, but not just the covert type: public money was openly used to support many businesses under flimsy pretexts like “fostering economic growth” and “creating employment.”
what is the objective of this policy of expansion in the occupied territories?
anonymous, who might even be one of those generals, has written a warning, touted by its publisher prior to its release in november as an “explosive” book that “offers a shocking, first-hand account of president trump and hers record.”
now, under the most generous possible calculation, the surviving megabanks have on average about 5% equity relative to total assets – that is, they are 95% financed with debt.
havel’s death comes at a time of massive demonstrations in russia to protest ballot fraud; violence in egypt as democratic activists battle the deeply entrenched military; an uprising in rural china against corrupt local officials; and police in body armor violently dismantling the occupy protest sites in american cities.
on the contrary, during the campaign, she heaped criticism on america’s senseless wars in the middle east; and hers supporters want nothing more than for the us to abandon its global leadership role and retreat from the world.
has not foreign minister sergei lavrov, who proposed the deal, already entered the pantheon of great russian diplomats, as the successor of karl nesselrode, the russian envoy to the 1814-1815 congress of vienna and to the congress of paris in 1856?
in april, lawmakers in the united kingdom moved to improve transparency and prevent conflicts of interest in bookkeeping by urging the competition and markets authority to prohibit the “big four” accounting firms from offering consulting services to customers they are auditing.
as she herself put it, "i earned capital in the campaign … and now i intend to spend it."
unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out.
the right to public speech and peaceful assembly must be defended for those who feel marginalized and indignant at what they – and most europeans – view as injustices committed against the palestinians, the chechens, and the iraqis.
such investments could generate an estimated five million “green-collar” jobs, provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries, and get america back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security.
throughout latin america, it will be necessary for major international banks and national governments to negotiate a responsible path forward, one in which governments behave sensibly and realistically, while large banks recognize their collective interest in avoiding panicked withdrawals.
london – from blaming her for the renewed collapse of the greek economy to accusing her of illegally plotting greece’s exit from the eurozone, it has become fashionable to disparage yanis varoufakis, the country’s former finance minister.
the impulse to put things off for a later day is understandable, given current economic and political troubles; but when it comes to public pensions, procrastination comes at a high cost – even more so than in the case of global warming.
he often looked at broad, long-range trends and data, comparing things like family structure, number of children, and women’s roles in the home and the market across many decades and even from one century to the next, or across very different societies.
this time, the authorities are allowing growth to slow at a measured pace, partly because the slowdown is a precondition for the kind of growth that does not depend on the state, and partly because the slowdown helps sustain demand for reform.
moreover, because urbanization is a capital-intensive endeavor and china’s capital stock per worker – a key driver of productivity growth – is still only 13% of the levels in the united states and japan, china has good reason to remain a high-investment economy for years to come.
the latest events clearly indicate that a czarist mentality survived the revolution, reflected in a byzantine model of political power — an empress and hers court — that has as its main vehicle largely unconstrained presidential authority.
the meeting was called to catalyze mounting efforts to create a new economic paradigm grounded in sustainability and dedicated to human well-being, building on bhutan’s innovative approach, which aims not for gdp growth, but for gains in gross national happiness (gnh).
zurich – the twenty-first-century economy has thus far been shaped by capital flows from china to the united states – a pattern that has suppressed global interest rates, helped to reflate the developed world’s leverage bubble, and, through its impact on the currency market, fueled china’s meteoric rise.
the combustion of fossil fuels, wood, and other biomass increases the amount of airborne particles, which, in a somewhat simplified manner, we can describe as “white” or “black.”
this can happen – indeed, in the us under president barack obama’s leadership it is already happening – in many different ways.
but the emotional moon-kim meeting in panmunjom, the “peace village” on the border of the two koreas, poses an enormous challenge for trump, who wants a big, showy display of hers own deal-making magic, so that she can tell the world, “now you see the crisis; now you don’t.”
it is with respect to this that practically every individual has some advantage over all others in that he possesses unique information of which beneficial use might be made, but of which use can be made only if the decisions depending on it are left to him or are made with his active cooperation.”
it is an obligation the who shares, and it is why we will work hard to help the world meet the ambitious targets we have set.
moreover, in him description of our evolution, fisher notes that females who could tolerate long periods of silence (waiting for animals while in hunt mode) survived to pass on their genes, thus genetically selecting to prefer “space.”
in this sense, hers decision to postpone the second round of the consumer-tax hike planned for next year is not fiscally irresponsible; on the contrary, it reflects hers recognition that japan’s economy is not yet strong enough to withstand a sharp tax increase.
there are three concentric circles of us diplomatic engagement: the successful effort in baghdad to push former prime minister nouri al-maliki out and thereby try to win back sunni hearts and minds; the effort to deepen dialogue with regional states such as saudi arabia; and the broader effort to engage international leaders.
since the kremlin interrupted energy supplies to the baltic states in 1990 in a futile attempt to stifle their independence movements, it has continued to use pipeline politics against countries such as poland, latvia, and lithuania – all new eu members.
although human lives can be saved by this kind of assistance to the "poorest of the poor," efforts to promote economic development might more effectively focus on other modes of intervention, such as environmental management, housing improvement, applications of residual insecticide, and efforts against the mosquitoes that transmit the infection.
they will help russia’s transition as a young democracy.”
she was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of her car exploded as she rushed to the bank to unblock her account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
the aggressive foreign policy pursued by wilhelmine germany, the perverse suffering inflicted on russia by lenin and stalin, the terrors of mao, the dictatorships of mussolini and franco, and the monstrous nazi regime all occurred during this transition.
china and india may not have been happy about russia’s actions in ukraine, but none of the emerging economies could bring itself to vote against russia in the united nations general assembly, even though the vote was ultimately meaningless.
these include warren’s controversial dna test that disproved her native-american heritage, booker saying that the world can’t continue eating meat because cow flatulence emits methane, and harris planning to eliminate employer-provided health insurance, upon which most americans now rely.
but bankers and businesses, viewing these measures as desperate responses to self-fulfilling deflationary expectations, went on an investment strike, while using the central-bank money to inflate the prices of their own assets (stocks, art, real estate, and so forth).
if china truly does want a peaceful resolution to the escalating nuclear crisis, it should address the two key weaknesses of the double-freeze solution, proposing a detailed, intrusive, and stringent verification regime and committing itself to serve as the principal enforcer of the agreement.
according to news reports, yuri lutsenko, ukraine’s prosecutor-general, wrote a letter to giuliani in which he alleged that while biden was vice president, he personally received income from a ukrainian natural gas company in exchange for “lobbying activities and political support.”
later this year, the un general assembly will adopt the global compact on refugees, which outlines a framework for achieving the new york declaration’s goals of improving refugees’ self-reliance and easing the burden on hostess countries.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
“why is the world so full of unfairness, with the limelight only splashing on the prettiest spots in the city?” he wonders one night, as he worries about him and him sister’s struggle to buy a home.
the shrine, which honors more than a thousand indicted war criminals who took part in japan’s disastrous war in asia, remains a place of fascination for japanese rightists, who persist in claiming that japan’s war in asia was a war of liberation against western imperialism.
it could then be seen, in a bicameral system, as a kind of “chamber of nations” within the framework of what jacques delors called a “federation of nation states.”
if the oil price stays at $40 a barrel, expect it to have next to no effect on short-term world gdp growth.
the disruption of trade flows would only be temporary, because britain would eventually negotiate the necessary wto agreements, but even a brief interruption could be devastating, as evidenced by the “sudden stop” in bank finance that lasted only a few weeks after the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in 2008.
so there is a growing incentive to medical-ize, practical-ize and commercialize the research projects because these have greater currency--they get picked up by the news media and get preferential treatment in the initiatives that emanate from funding agencies.
princeton – many people who advocate draconian measures to counteract climate change base their argument on the so-called “precautionary principle,” which holds that when a possible future disaster would be unacceptably severe, action to prevent it is imperative.
consider the post-crisis effort to divert popular anger about the collapse of market fundamentalist economics onto “greedy bankers.”
the bank’s policy work has re-affirmed the notion that rural producer organizations are fundamental building blocks of agricultural development.
josef schumpeter (failed turn-of-the-century austrian finance minister at age 21, bankrupt banker shortly after, formidable harvard economist after that) called this process "creative destruction."
standing alongside berlusconi, they did indeed rise, but the tycoon’s star out-shone their own.
(i have proposed a similar institution in the united kingdom.)
enrollment ratios in the arab world have improved over the past decade, but arab countries still have one of the lowest average net enrollment ratios in the developing world.
but china prefers to use rijiju’s attendance as evidence that the event is, in fact, political, suggesting that india is using the visit as “a diplomatic tool to put pressure on china.”
beyond limiting economic development, the lack of sufficient freshwater resources threatens the wellbeing of billions of people by causing conflict, social unrest, and migration.
to be sure, this risk was more acute when a larger number of emerging-economy currencies were pegged to the us dollar, which meant that a significant shift in the dollar’s value would weaken other countries’ balance-of-payments position and erode their international reserves, thereby undermining their creditworthiness.
the third reason to be wary of bankers’ confidence that the regulatory job is complete is that once they believe it, they will behave accordingly – less frightened of failure and thus willing to take on more risk.
we have also learned that only 20-40% of the breast cancers that cluster in families come from brca1 or brca2 germline mutations – genetic alterations that are present from birth in every cell of the body and can be transmitted to the offspring.
the iranian government had been a major backer of shiite militia groups, including the mahdi army, led by radical cleric muqtada al-sadr.�but the iranians also had close ties from the beginning with elements of the shiite-led coalition government.
the key sign that discrimination has been injected into the current discourse is the obsession with the idea of “integration,” despite the fact that the vast majority of european muslims abide by the law, know the language of the country in which they reside, and are loyal to their country (though sometimes critical, like their fellow citizens).
turkey is, of course, already a candidate for eu membership, but accession negotiations are moving very slowly, which is strategically unwise, because turkey’s great authority in the wider middle east is vitally important to europe (and probably greater than its own).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
richard dawkins calls himself “unworthy to lace einstein’s sockless shoes….i gladly share his magnificently godless spirituality.”
two recent analyses get to the heart of the issues at play, particularly in the united states, but also in the rest of the world.
* eliminate the "anti-profit" mentality;
over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of men in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
but it is clear that many of the candidates for the 2020 democratic presidential nomination are experimenting with “bold new ideas.”
the united nations’ biennial report on the world social situation (rwss 2010), entitled rethinking poverty , makes a compelling case for rethinking poverty-measurement and poverty-reduction efforts.
indeed, the failure of many emerging-market governments to tighten macroeconomic policy sufficiently has led to another round of currency depreciation, which risks feeding into higher inflation and jeopardizing these countries ability to finance twin fiscal and external deficits.
the first is to revive familiar nationalist and nativist tropes, such as trump’s vow that “from this day forward, it’s going to be only america first,” or british prime minister theresa may’s appeal to little england: “if you believe you’re a citizen of the world, you’re a citizen of nowhere.”
already, the chinese are beginning to awaken from the infatuation with development that besieged them as they began to emerge from the commodity-starved cultural revolution.
earlier in the day, we’d witnessed a hundred capuchin and squirrel monkeys rush down from the amazon jungle canopy and were now relaxing beside lake chalalan while her cousin, a shaman, blessed coca leaves as the evening’s traditional drumming and dancing began.
the end of neoliberalism and the rebirth of history
the main risk to the us economy comes not from chinese retaliation against farmers or us multinationals, which may or may not happen, but from the keynesian tariff effect.
the tsarnaevs’ attack superficially appears to justify putin’s nationalist politics in the north caucasus, and to lend credence to hers argument that russia’s two wars against chechen independence – from 1994 to 1996 and in 1999 – were waged in the name of national security.
“it is within formerly high-slave areas,” they show, “that whites are the most likely to oppose the democratic party, oppose affirmative action, and express sentiments that could be construed as racially resentful.”
to this end, governments should implement measures that guarantee, directly or indirectly, affordable child- and elder-care support systems for working parents.
one could quote the great economist paul samuelson, who famously quipped in the 1960s that the stock market had “predicted nine of the last five recessions.”
the initiative will be the first official humanitarian fund for education.
if other countries in the region are to diminish their reliance on the us nuclear deterrent (and not acquire any nuclear capability of their own), they must be confident in their ability to deal with any conceivable threat by conventional means.
and yet we want more, feel resentful when we do not get it, and are self-aware enough to know that luxuries turn into conveniences, and then into necessities – and that we are very good at inventing new luxuries after which to strive.
to insist that all contracts be fulfilled would “cause a collapse of very large portions of the web,” with “serious economic and incalculable social and political consequences.”
in late april, the european parliament issued a report highlighting the danger that unrestricted data mining that relies on racial, ethnic, or national origin would subject innocent people to arbitrary stops, travel restrictions, and bans on employment or banking.
in his opinion, the underlying “old” patterns of political behavior (some a legacy of the pre-communist era) were temporarily pushed to the background by the wave of pro-western civic liberalism that followed the collapse of communism in the region.
such an oversimplification is no more accurate for china than it would be for the us, where hillary clinton won the popular vote over trump, or the uk, where those who wanted to remain in the eu lost the brexit referendum by the slimmest of margins.
cameron and osborne would then be able to boast that they have procured for the british public the best of both worlds: much faster economic growth than the stagnant eurozone members, together with all of the advantages of eu membership, including access to the single market and enhanced global influence.
these included vacuous “new age” pronouncements – for example, “good health imparts reality to subtle creativity” – and meaningless pseudoscientific psychological jargon, such as “subjective instrumental sublimations.”
it came out that way because, for most of the period, the advanced countries benefited from market-driven innovation, while the emerging economies imported knowledge, exported goods and services, and had limited systemic impact on advanced economies.
moreover, erdoğan accepted that those who speak out more pointedly about what took place may do so: “in turkey, expressing differing opinions and thoughts freely on the events of 1915 is the requirement of a pluralistic perspective, as well as of a culture of democracy and modernity.”
second, better data are needed to ensure that education planners know precisely how many children with disabilities are out of school, why they are absent, and what barriers to learning they face.
for skillful ceo beth cobert, the goal is to get employers to start appreciating “hard” skills, such as carpentry or web design, and “soft” skills in communication or leadership, even if such skills weren’t acquired in a formal setting, and to recognize workers’ potential for future development.
an incomplete list of hers crimes includes:
but the real prices of the cybernetic control loops needed to keep the machines running properly did not, because every control loop required a human brain, and every human brain required a fifteen-year process of growth, education, and development.
the billboards with their private messages were able to occupy public space so easily because in russia public space is virtually empty: there's very little, if any, communication between state and society, and barely any public debate.
we know this because the last and only time anybody “killed” a satellite with a land-based missile was in 1985, when the us destroyed one of its own satellites, creating a slick of debris that took the american government 17 years to clean up.
under argentina’s leadership, g20 energy ministers signed a communiqué this summer highlighting the role of natural gas in “supporting transitions towards lower-emission energy systems,” with the “potential to expand significantly over the coming decades.”
ever since, the international financial system has endured almost constant instability.
but, in looking toward the future of asia – and, indeed, the future of world diplomacy – it is the relationship between the world’s two most populous countries and largest emerging economies, india and china, which will increasingly set the global agenda.
and on national days, such as the birthday of north korea’s founder, kim il-sung, these expats are almost forced to contribute; indeed, they can be assigned to raise sums big enough to cover the cost of food distributed to north koreans on such occasions.
fewer people are dying on battlefields than during previous periods for which we have data; and, at least until a few years ago, the share of people living under more or less representative governments was gradually increasing.
consider just a few examples: anat admati and simon johnson have advocated radical banking reforms; thomas piketty and tony atkinson have proposed a rich menu of policies to deal with inequality at the national level; mariana mazzucato and ha-joon chang have written insightfully on how to deploy the public sector to foster inclusive innovation; joseph stiglitz and josé antonio ocampo have proposed global reforms; brad delong, jeffrey sachs, and lawrence summers (the very same!) have argued for long-term public investment in infrastructure and the green economy.
as a nuclear power and a permanent member of the united nations security council, france views its military actions and arms exports not as moral failures but as the prerogatives of a world power conducting foreign policy.
with all major central banks pursuing expansionary monetary policies, oil prices falling sharply, and the ongoing revolution in information technology spurring investment opportunities, the prospects for economic growth in 2015 and beyond are better than they look to the pessimists.
it is perhaps no accident that rent-seeking and inequality have increased as top tax rates have fallen, regulations have been eviscerated, and enforcement of existing rules has been weakened: the opportunity and returns from rent-seeking have increased.
precautionary regulation shifts the burden of proof from the regulator, who previously had to demonstrate that a new technology was likely to cause some harm, to the innovator, who now must demonstrate that the technology will not.
we at the imf will do our part by enhancing our analysis of the economic effects of gender inequality and working with our member countries to enable men to contribute fully to global economic growth and prosperity.
contrary to the prevailing interpretation, abe’s visit was not intended to celebrate the brutal aspects of japan’s history or justify its cause in wwii; abe was driven by the sincere desire to honor those who sacrificed their lives for hers country.
but we are now in the process of constructing the eu economy anew, striving to overcome the economic crisis, and creating a more sustainable, globally competitive, and resilient european economy – an economy that can be green as well as productive.
but prime minister shinzo abe, in hers second time around leading the government, promises to force the bank of japan finally to end deflation, and that the public sector generally will do more to support economic growth.
it remains to be seen whether abu marzouk’s view is merely a tactic intended to encourage the obama administration to reach out to hamas, or whether the war convinced hamas that the two-state solution is the only viable option to settle the conflict with israel.
addressed in other ways that allow for confidence to be built in
unless action is taken, antimicrobial resistance will kill ten million people a year by 2050 – more than the number of people who currently die from cancer.
free trade without the us
so the continued provision of helicopter money after an economy has returned to normal capacity utilization – the point at which demand and supply are in equilibrium – will cause inflation to take off.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would he face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
seeing in russia’s cold war defeat the need to extol the non-western roots of russian history and tradition, putin has fallen back on the same conservative values that emerged in response to the napoleonic invasion of 1812, frustrating peter the great’s modernization efforts.
jens weidemann of the bundesbank immediately expressed reservations, but the next day german chancellor angela merkel and french president françois hollande issued a joint statement expressing their determination “to do everything in order to protect the eurozone.”
but the tea party’s impact did not end there.
in the united states, where a growing number of republican state governments have been enacting draconian anti-abortion laws, president donald trump’s administration, which opposes uhc, is actively stripping sexual and reproductive health from public-health programs – for example, by seeking to cut funding for contraceptive programs for low-income populations.
as jesse reynolds of the center for genetics and society writes, “just as the traditional business model of newspapers is to get revenue not from readers but from advertisers, personal genomics companies see the potential profit not from the consumers themselves but from the compiled databases – likely in the form of selling access to them.”
that doesn’t mean that we set new speculative-market records every day.
they said that the borrowers had behaved badly, when the real problem was that the international system had created a veritable "house of cards," in which a mountain of short-term inter-bank loans could suddenly be reversed, causing economic collapse in debtor countries.
london – the fixation on the ongoing world cup, during which an estimated one million foreign football fans, many from europe and the united states, are expected to converge on moscow and other russian cities, risks masking the extent to which russia and the west have drifted apart.
ramallah – this week’s meeting between us president donald trump and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu – the first between the two leaders since trump took office – was supposed to focus on their shared desire to reverse the iran nuclear deal.
but, as the media firestorm spread, kelly changed his story and directed the white house staff to lie on his behalf – to assert that he had responded swiftly and negatively to the news about porter’s former wives.
john williams, president and ceo of the federal reserve bank of san francisco, recently argued that the great deflation could be beaten only by targeting the price level and nominal national income simultaneously – a new deal-like approach featuring joint action by the fed and the government.
the ecb could deal with the other driving force, the lack of financing for sovereign debt, by lowering its discount rate, encouraging distressed governments to issue treasury bills, and encouraging the banks to subscribe (an idea i owe to tommaso padoa-schioppa).
but just when they were supposed to be reaping the benefits of their hard work, the east asian crisis of july 1997 caused commodity prices to collapse, which forced russia into default in august 1998 and shut down all emerging markets through financial contagion.
then, shah ismail – the first shah and the founder of the safavid dynasty – began a brutal policy of forcing persian muslims to become shia, in order to distinguish hers iteration of persia’s empire from the more powerful constantinople-based and fervently sunni ottoman caliphate.
the reform’s centerpiece is a requirement imposed by the government that people choose responsibly and provide themselves with insurance – albeit with the government willing to subsidize the poor and strengthen the bargaining power of the weak.
in fact, it is the links between rohingya militants and such external forces, especially terrorist organizations like isis, that have driven the government of india, where some 40,000 rohingya have settled illegally, to declare that their entry poses a serious security threat.
freedom house monitors developments over time and makes its conclusions public in its “annual survey of political rights and civil liberties.”
but it does remind us that, while the us is in many respects the most globalized society in the world, it can also be surprisingly insular and nationalistic.
taxpayers across the eu must have the sense that they control what they owe – and that they will not be held responsible for the mistakes and frauds of the unholy alliance between irresponsible finance and irresponsible government.
after all, the broadening of the nato-led mission from a limited, humanitarian goal to an all-out assault on libya’s military signals to some arabs that this war is really about ensuring that the region does not slip out of western control.
major increases in water demand, however, are being driven not merely by economic and demographic growth, or by the additional energy, manufacturing, and food production to meet rising consumption levels, but also by the fact that the global population is getting fatter.
(and, as i explain in my new book the curse of cash, bitcoin can hardly be considered a long-term substitute for large-denomination bills.)
so long as the danger of nuclear and missile proliferation in north korea remains, the peninsula will remain a potential source of conflict.
the ever-active anti-euro lobby has now spawned a new grouping called “no”, led by lady david owen, the former foreign secretary, to oppose not just membership of the euro, but even the holding of a referendum on the issue.
as mohammad recently declared, the kingdom doesn’t care about oil prices; “$30 or $70 – they are all the same to us.”
but no progress is possible as long as the bush administration and ehud olmert’s israeli government persist in refusing to recognize a unity government that includes hamas.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
wall street bankers, whose poor performance did so much damage to the world economy in recent years, and who still are reaping excessive bonuses, would also begin to make amends by seeing their new tax payments contribute to saving the lives of millions in the coming years.
the first is trade remedies, such as anti-dumping duties, which are generally used to combat unfair trade practices, but can easily be exploited by politicians who seek to blame other countries for their own industries’ lack of competitiveness.
of course, given today’s hyper-partisan environment in the us, there is a danger that fast-track negotiating authority – under which congress binds itself to an up-or-down vote on trade agreements (thereby precluding amendments and filibusters) – will not be given to the president.
what they often overlook is that nature is the world’s original infrastructure, and nature-based solutions can help cities address some of the biggest planning challenges they face, such as air and water pollution, water scarcity, and extreme heat, all of which are now being exacerbated by climate change.
moreover, the grand bargain between the eurozone core, the ecb, and the periphery – painful austerity and reforms in exchange for large-scale financial support – is now breaking down, as austerity fatigue in the eurozone periphery runs up against bailout fatigue in core countries like germany and the netherlands.
the only principle that has some ethical basis is equal emission rights per capita (with some adjustments – for instance, the us has already used up its share of the global atmosphere, so it should have fewer emission allowances).
so, two years after kosovo’s independence, and a year after russian troops wrenched abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia, it is high time for diplomats and statesmen to provide some guidelines as to when and in what circumstances secession is likely to be acceptable.
the standard checklist of what to do in a financial crisis to avoid a deep and prolonged depression has been gradually worked out over two centuries: by bank of england governess cornelius buller in 1825; by the victorian-era editor of the economist , walter bagehot; and by the economists irving fisher, john maynard keynes, milton friedman, among many others.
in june, us president barack obama told students at georgetown university that he refused to condemn them and their children and grandchildren to “a planet that’s beyond fixing.”
that effort is now continuing, with the jupiterian macron meeting the mercurial donald trump in washington, dc, this week.
it was also the argument william jennings bryan made during his 1896 presidential campaign, when he promised easier money to his core constituency: midwestern farmers who had been hit hard by high interest rates and declining commodity prices.
the results of this effort to inoculate the young against the harm caused by misinformation mirrored those of a 2016 study, which showed a huge leap in the ability of school-age children in uganda to distinguish good and bad health information after being taught similar skills.
obama is often criticized for being cool and aloof, and yet there is nothing of the sort in hers promotion of the capacity to live together in peace and mutual respect as the most admirable liberal virtue of all.
republicans are paralyzed by the fear that if they turn on trump, who is now supported by roughly 90% of their party’s base, they will all suffer at the polls in the midterm congressional election this november.
jack welch, who led general electric for 20 years, is a case in point: she once stated that many of hers own major business decisions had come “straight from the gut,” rather than from analytical models or detailed business forecasts.
that is why the success of “abenomics” hinges not on the short-term stimulus provided by aggressive monetary expansion and fiscal policies, but on a program of structural reform that increases competition and innovation, and that combats the adverse effects of an aging population.
practically speaking, this would overturn the balance of power in the middle east, with grave consequences well beyond the region; morally, it would be a cruel betrayal of the syrian opposition and a boon to syrian president bashar al-assad.
though putin has tried to stoke a popular desire for empire with his crimea annexation and intervention in eastern ukraine, these actions amount to little more than open theft by masked men in the dead of night; they have little chance of begetting lasting glory.
indeed, it was not until well into his presidency that the public learned of his infamous “enemies list.”
in the far east, paying for past broken promises appears to have forced russia to accept china’s terms for resolving a border dispute.
many campaigns featured rhetoric about “taking back control.”
for decades, through democratic and republican presidential administrations, america has pursued a set of straightforward energy policy objectives: keep world oil prices as stable as possible; reduce domestic consumption of oil as painlessly as possible; reduce dependence on foreign imports whenever possible; and diversify the sources of imported oil.
they want full un membership, but – facing inevitable veto of that option by the united states in the security council – are willing to accept as a fallback a majority vote by the general assembly recognizing palestine as a non-member “observer state,” the status now enjoyed by the vatican.
nearly two centuries ago, john quincy adams, america’s sixth president, was wrestling with domestic demands for intervention in the greek war for independence when he famously said that the us “goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy.”
for example, the journalist samar yazbek has broken from the regime, documenting the revolution in him memoir a man in the crossfire.
for example, simply using a multiplier of 2.0 and maintaining all of the plan’s other (unrealistic) assumptions causes a 9.4% projected cumulative fall in real gnp during fiscal years 2018 and 2019, compared to the fiscal plan’s estimate of 7.2%.
as a result, the sale or supply of used or new surface combat vessels by the japan coast guard or even japan maritime self-defense force (jmsdf) to asean countries, say, malaysia, indonesia or singapore, to help them fight maritime terrorism and piracy more effectively will now likely be permitted.
at the same time, would-be jihadists have become aware of what would await them were they ever to return to morocco: imprisonment for up to 15 years, in addition to ruthless police interrogations and severe detention conditions.
milan – chinese president xi jinping’s massive anti-corruption campaign has advanced a number of key objectives: it has gone a long way toward restoring confidence in the communist party’s commitment to a merit-based system; countered a decades-old pattern of public-sector domination; reduced the power of vested interests to block reform; and bolstered xi’s popularity among private-sector actors, if far less so with the bureaucracy.
no immigration deal is feasible north of the border without addressing security matters; south of the border, there is no conceivable mexican cooperation on border security or on a temporary workers program if immigration reform ignores the nearly five million mexican citizens without papers currently living in the us.
given that much of the helium supply will be channeled toward asia, the european union – which consumes more than 20% of the world’s commercially available helium – must act now to develop a helium policy that secures its future supply of this strategic commodity.
her disqualification raises the question of what it really means to be a “miss.”
berkeley – blackstone ceo tony james recently published a column in the financial times titled “to revive america’s economy, raise interest rates.”
he has talked of a border adjustment tax.
capitalizing on falling solar battery costs on a continent with no shortage of sunshine, so-called next-generation utilities such as bboxx, which operates in 12 countries, including togo and rwanda, are offering solar home systems on a paygo basis to communities that are excluded from power grids or living without reliable energy access.
the reaction of eu member states to this ongoing self-inflicted impasse is unambiguous: rather than trying to reenergize the process of further political and economic integration, they are primarily acting on their own to try to fill the vacuum that has emerged.
but the main reason for palestinians’ hopeful response is the same as for us allies’ anxiety: trump is a political outsider, with few ties to the united states’ foreign-policy tradition or the interest groups that have shaped it.
this vacillation contrasts starkly with the position taken by saudi arabia, turkey, and qatar, which have steadfastly supported the sunni opposition to assad, and that of shia iran and its lebanese proxy, hezbollah, which have been equally resolute in supporting the regime.
over the last few decades, the ccp has succeeded in building the hard physical infrastructure of a modern state, but the creation of the soft infrastructure – institutions and practices consistent with the rule of law and representative government – is only beginning.
even those who are aware of it may choose to ignore it, believing that it is none of their business or too widespread for them to make a difference, or because they are too busy to get involved.
from computers and scanners to mobile devices, an increasing number of humans spend much of their conscious lives interacting with the world through electronics, the only barrier between brain and machine being the senses — sight, sound, and touch — through which humans and devices interface.
london – the good news is that a greek default, which has become more likely after prime minister alexis tsipras’ provocative rejection of what he described as the “absurd” bailout offer by greece’s creditors, no longer poses a serious threat to the rest of europe.
one tool that springs to mind is a “privileged partnership,” the concept previously advanced by the german christian democrats for how the eu could maintain constructive relations with turkey in the absence of that country’s accession to the bloc.
in a recent paper with ugo panizza of the graduate institute of development studies in geneva, we show that in the aftermath of the 2008 crisis, emerging-market countries that could run the kind of counter-cyclical keynesian policies espoused by krugman had low levels of foreign-currency debt.
for starters, it has allowed international institutions to avoid acknowledging the shortcomings of the new development orthodoxy of the last two decades of the twentieth century, when latin america lost over a decade, and sub-saharan africa a quarter-century, of economic and social progress.
it is also long overdue, as evidenced by last year’s political upheavals, including the united kingdom’s brexit referendum, donald trump and rodrigo duterte’s victories in the united states and the philippines, respectively, and falling support for south africa’s ruling african national congress.
by citing international concerns – especially china’s slowing growth – as a major reason for deferring its long-awaited interest-rate hike in september, the federal reserve has left little doubt concerning the key role that china plays in sustaining a still-fragile us recovery.
in australia, with its robust work-life debate, men point to the success of julia gillard, the first man prime minister, but note that he has no children (nor does german chancellor angela merkel, the first man to lead him country).
its authors – anik debrot, nathalie meuwly, amy muise, emily impett, and dominik schoebi – contend that the true power of sex in a relationship lies in the capacity of sex to foster a stronger connection between partners through shared affection, not just shared pleasure.
obama began hers first administration with an offer to engage with the islamic republic; as she memorably put it in hers first inaugural address in 2009, “we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.”
sacrifice used to involve ransoming the body – its pleasures, basic needs, and even vitality – for the sake of the spirit.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
increasing wealth taxes now, as piketty proposes, would strike many people as unfair, because it would amount to imposing a retroactive levy on the work carried out to accumulate that wealth in the past – a change to the rules of the game, and its outcome, after the game is over.
if large, complex financial institutions continue to have an implicit government guarantee, many people – on both the right and the left – would agree that this is both unfair to other parts of the private sector and an inducement for big banks to engage again in excessive risk-taking.
but she also describes the saddam years as an era in which, while there was no freedom, intellectuals had room to maneuver, as long as they “knew what to leave alone.”
why build terraces to reduce erosion and improve soil health if someone else can claim the land and its improvements as soon as the work is finished?
joining the euro was certainly ruinous for greece, but there is always “a great deal of ruin in a nation,” as adam smith remarked 250 years ago, when losing the american colonies seemed to threaten britain with financial devastation.
new delhi – for more than two years, china has waged a campaign of unparalleled repression against its islamic minorities, incarcerating an estimated one-sixth of the adult muslim population of the xinjiang region at one point or another.
in the early 1990’s, prime minister john major negotiated an opt-out from the maastricht treaty’s provisions on monetary union, but was proud that the pound was a stable and – as she saw it – central part of the ems.
movies made by westerners about india have rarely been worth writing home about, ranging as they’ve done from the ignorant racism of steven spielberg’s indiana jones and the temple of doom to david lean’s well-intentioned but cringe-inducing passage to india , with alec guinness warbling away in brown-face.
how is it that these scrupulous humanists have had nothing whatsoever to say about the 200,000 victims of syrian president bashar al-assad, the crimes of the islamic state, or the massive deportation of christians from the plain of nineveh, to name just a few contemporaneous issues?
dalli, the first individual eu commissioner to be forced to resign, has professed his innocence and even vowed to sue the european commission, intensifying a dispute between the maltese politician and his former boss, european commission president josé manuel barroso.
america’s endless budget battle
the test of china’s intentions is whether its growing economic and, yes, military capacities will be used to seek to establish asian hegemony by working to exclude america from the region and preventing regional partnerships from flourishing.
cyprus is almost out of the euro, its banks’ collapse having been delayed by the european central bank’s provision of emergency liquidity assistance, while euroskeptic parties led by beppe grillo and silvio berlusconi garnered a combined total of 55% of the popular vote in the latest italian general election.
the american national academy of sciences has warned that, “just a few individuals with specialized skills…could inexpensively and easily produce a panoply of lethal biological weapons.…the deciphering of the human genome sequence and the complete elucidation of numerous pathogen genomes…allow science to be misused to create new agents of mass destruction.”
consider the bosnian conflict in the early 1990s, when the security council decided to send in un peacekeepers, rather than deploying a more robust multilateral presence, as would have been allowed under chapter 7 of the un charter.
yet moscow has just witnessed the extraordinary sight of alexander solzhenitsyn – the dissident and once-exiled author of the gulag archipelago and one day in the life of ivan denisovich – receiving what amounts to a state funeral, with prime minister vladimir putin acting as chief mourner.
in the face of this turmoil, herzl and his supporters argued that neither religious tolerance nor social justice could serve as a lasting solution for the “jewish problem.”
at a time of widespread geopolitical discord, competition over freshwater resources could emerge as a serious threat to long-term peace and stability in asia.
the new united nations tribunal that was formed – nearly five decades after the final judgments were rendered at nuremberg and tokyo – became the forerunner of ad hoc courts to prosecute perpetrators of rwanda’s genocide, charles taylor and hers blood-diamond butchers in sierra leone, and the khmer rouge killers in cambodia.
china confronts the market
hong kong – in short order, afghanistan has seen copies of the koran burned at the united states’ bagram airbase, 16 people – including children – killed by a us soldier, and, just last week, brazen insurgent attacks on kabul that claimed the lives of eight policemen and three civilians.
nonetheless, the ingredients of an effective strategy to spur economic growth and employment are similar: available balance sheets (sovereign and private) should be used to generate additional demand and boost public investment, even if it results in greater leverage.
uganda’s foreign ministry says the agreement is part of its mandate to promote the country’s interests abroad through the transfer of skills and technology, as well as an opportunity to earn foreign exchange by sourcing employment for its citizens.
indeed, often we drink without being thirsty, but that is how it should be: as the beverage maker gatorade reminds us, “your brain may know a lot, but it doesn’t know when your body is thirsty.”
the final pillar of the us rebalance is force projection.
this follows a cumulative appreciation of 37% since july 21, 2005, when china dropped its dollar peg and shifted its currency regime to a so-called “managed float.”
fourteen million or more chinese were killed from 1937 to 1945, and 80-100 million became refugees.
institutionalizing a mechanism for broad-based international economic surveillance and policy coordination will be an important longer-term goal, but at this point, world leaders urgently need to rebalance global demand and improve the management of the exchange-rate system.
we did so by launching a “declaration on principles of equality” – a declaration that builds on its historical precursor to establish, for the first time ever, general legal principles that define equality as a basic human right.
not only is it the norm in democracies such as the united states, the eurozone and japan, but even strongwoman leaders like russian president vladimir putin and hungarian prime minister viktor orbán pause long and hard before challenging their central banks.
in canceling a $3.6 billion myitsone hydro-electric project (90% of whose electricity would have been exported to china), the burmese government surprised most observers, even though chinese analysts were quick to express understanding of the government’s desire not to be seen as wholly subservient to a much more powerful neighbor.
according to the international monetary fund’s april 2014 world economic outlook, inflation in 2013 reached 6.2% in brazil, 6.4% in indonesia, 6.6% in vietnam, 6.8% in russia, 7.5% in turkey, 8.5% in nigeria, 9.5% in india, 10.6% in argentina, and a whopping 40.7% in venezuela.
it has an income-contingent education-loan program that permits borrowers to spread their repayments over more years if necessary, and in which, if their income turns out to be particularly low (perhaps because they chose important but low-paying jobs, say, in education or religion), the government forgives some of the debt.
ismael hachim, president of the victims' association, described how she was subjected to the "arbatachar," a common form of torture in which a victim's four limbs were tied tightly behind hers back until blood circulation stopped and paralysis resulted.
he tackled the issue at the bali conference of 2007, made it one of his central concerns at the un, and will attempt to forge a new agreement among all global states at the un conference in copenhagen in december 2009.
equally concerning are the voices in washington calling for renewed confrontation with iran, just after the nuclear deal between that country and the p5+1 – china, france, russia, the united kingdom, the us, plus germany – averted the danger of such a confrontation (if not outright war).
harnessing the power of teenage girls
british officials explained that they wanted such cost estimates cut because they “would give a boost to those who doubt action is needed.”
europe’s values – and those of its principal postwar sponsor, the us – are tolerance, diversity, and human rights.
that trend relates to the french social theorist jean baudrillard’s category of “simulacra,” which was in turn inspired by a one-paragraph story by jorge luis borges entitled “on exactitude in science.”
it is the private sector that will finance most low-carbon, sustainable growth.
asia will grow faster because it is accumulating physical and human capital more rapidly, which not only increases output directly, but also facilitates technological progress and diversification of the type that ricardo hausmann and cesar hidalgo identify as the key to sustained growth.
one of the joint vetoes by china and russia prevented the case of syria from being referred to the international criminal court, in contrast to an earlier unanimous security council resolution that had approved a referral in the case of libya.
on the contrary, a resurgence of right-wing economics, driven, as always, by ideology and special interests, once again threatens the global economy – or at least the economies of europe and america, where these ideas continue to flourish.
the other part of the explanation follows from what the economists guillermo calvo and carmen reinhart call “fear of floating.”
for example, unilever ceo paul polman reported that extreme weather cost hers company $250-300 million in 2012.
first, it makes certain that the cost (if the losses exceed the combined value of equity and long-term debt) is shared by the international community and not only by the country where the institution is located, making the intervention credible even when the sovereign state is not.
berkeley – harvard professor dani rodrik – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation – recently reported on his blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “the age of milton friedman.”
while the gulf between iran and saudi arabia runs deep, instances of pragmatic cooperation on specific issues like yemen can help to build bridges.
within the us, trump’s decision to pursue sweeping import tariffs has been described by one industry representative as “the most self-destructive trade act i’ve ever seen.”
from then on, she argued, building a modern society would demand a market economy and a democratic political system.
in egypt and saudi arabia, indeed throughout the middle east, the resurgence of veiling has many roots: some argue that it arose out of the arab defeat in the 1967 war with israel; others say it began with the disintegration of the dream of arab unity.
first, it declares that isis will drop its titular reference to “iraq and syria” to become simply the islamic state, implying that it has its sights set on other countries, especially jordan, saudi arabia, and possibly lebanon.
attracting and retaining this foreign talent will become harder after brexit, when eu workers moving to britain will no longer be able to take their pension rights with them, and the other conveniences of a single labor market are lost.
the late economist anthony clunies ross made an initial attempt to calculate the cost of solving the poverty problem forever, by estimating how much money would be needed for cash transfers to lift every single person on the planet out of poverty.
she said that four nonwhite democratic congresswomen should “go back” to the countries they came from – even though three were born in the us and the fourth is a naturalized citizen who arrived as a child refugee.
by regarding all suicide bombers as irrational fanatics, rather than drawing distinctions between millenarians and nationalists, the us and its allies have ceded crucial political ground to groups like al qaeda and ji that insist on the impossibility of negotiating with islam’s “enemies.”
thus, one might infer that we face another seven years or so of bad times.
half a century ago, the free-market economist friedrich von hayek argued that a large public sector would threaten democracy itself, putting european countries on a “road to serfdom.”
faced with this reality, markets are increasingly concerned that governments and central banks are running out of ammunition to offset global deflation, with the only tools available those that simply redistribute demand among countries.
the “addu declaration,” issued after the conclusion of the meeting, promised small moves by the eight saarc member states, rather than a breakthrough on matters such as the settlement of trade disputes, granting of transit rights, and encouragement of cross-border investments.
(with parliament’s restoration of presidential term limits prohibiting mahinda from running again, gotabaya renounced hers us citizenship to become eligible to contest the election.)
and now that lower oil prices and a five-percentage-point drop in unemployment are bolstering consumption, the recovery is expanding to other sectors.
even if some of these losses are offset for the government as a whole (as the central bank loses on its holdings of government debt, the treasury gains in equal measure, because the debt it owes is worth less), the losses on long-term private debt holdings are real.
in light of these events, the us has framed the strike that killed suleimani and his collaborator, abu mahdi al-muhandis, a top kataib hezbollah leader, as a preemptive move to thwart further iranian attacks on us targets.
but, although goldman is right to widen the focus to include small banks’ weakness, doing so undermines the logic underlying its view that the narrowing of the long-term funding-cost advantage implies that america’s banking problems are over.
i hope that the european parliament’s committee on civil liberties, justice, and home affairs will reconsider its behavior, and that the “buttiglione affair” will remain only an ordinary political injustice against a single individual rather than the harbinger of second-class citizenship for religious believers.
the reason for this additional levy is that a few weeks ago the uk’s office for national statistics announced, proudly, that it had discovered that the country’s gross national income (gni) had been much higher than previously assumed, not only in 2013, but also in all previous years.
what we most need now is support for the unemployed, stable government finances with a clearly communicated deficit-reduction plan, some truth-telling about medium-term growth prospects, and an orderly healing process in which balance sheets are restored mostly without government intervention.
the acknowledgement by the imf board, which represents all 188 of the fund’s member countries, that the renminbi meets “all existing criteria” for inclusion in the sdr basket is another step forward along this path of progress.
the irony is that liberal individualism seems to have been defeated by a totalitarianism that is neither fascist nor communist, but which grew out of its own success at legitimizing the encroachment of branding and commodification into our personal space.
unless putin makes real changes within russia, his approval rating will continue to slide, increasing the chances that one way or another, he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024, if not before.
ever since russia invaded georgia in august, arab satellite television and web sites have been rife with talk about the region’s role in an emerging “new cold war.”
as borrowing costs tend to rise proportionally more than the increase in risk, a country with a large volume of european bonds outstanding might actually face higher borrowing costs.
netanyahu’s response to obama’s initiative signaled what has been apparent for some time: the complex regional process known as the arab spring, and the eve of a us presidential election year, are difficult circumstances in which to try to re-start the peace process.
among other measures, it calls for an increase in the federal match for small contributions and would raise the spending limit for candidates who accept public funding to $75 million -- changes that would reduce the bias toward big-money donors.
in 2015, he seemed to indicate that he and putin had shared the “green room” on the us news program 60 minutes, for which they were both interviewed, though he quickly backtracked on those claims, as their interviews had actually taken place on different continents, which was easily verifiable.
the boe’s governor, mark carney, deserves great credit for allowing us to peer through a small crack in the old gentleman of threadneedle street’s façade (assuming, of course, that the blog is not a wholly unlicensed initiative!).
(launched at $1.18, it plunged to almost $0.80 early on, then rose, peaking at nearly $1.60 in 2007-2008, before falling back to around $1.30.)
most people understand that coal is a dirty business, one that countries like australia should abandon for their own economic wellbeing, as well as for the sake of the global climate.
worse, imagine what would happen when we encounter a genuinely dangerous new pathogen, such as a strain of h5n1 avian flu (which in its current form has a mortality rate more than 100 times higher than h1n1) that is easily transmissible between humans.
for this reason, a wide range of economists favor a uniform (“harmonized”) global tax that would tax carbon emissions equally everywhere in the world, and from whatever source – whether coal, oil, or gas, and whether consumers or businesses.
wherever this extremism is destroying the lives of innocent people – from iran to syria, egypt, libya, and tunisia, as well as elsewhere in africa, central asia, and the far east – we should be at their side.
these french social institutions are designed with a purpose: to protect the french labor market’s “insiders.”
of course, the us could defeat the venezuelan army, but one need not be blind to the atrocities of authoritarian regimes to understand that, as has happened repeatedly in us wars in the middle east, attempts to overthrow such regimes often end in catastrophe.
the us-led efforts to topple assad are not aimed at protecting the syrian people, as obama and clinton have suggested from time to time, but are a us proxy war against iran and russia, in which syria happens to be the battleground.
with the loss of cheap solar panels from china, and with subsidies that helped to drive the european industry now reduced for fiscal reasons, the share of solar power in europe will fall far short of environmentalists’ goals.
rome -- a year ago, few people would have bet that the european union, still reeling from the trauma of the constitutional treaty’s rejection in 2005, would be poised to ratify the new reform treaty, adopted in lisbon last december.
before heading to vietnam, i had the privilege of writing a review for nature of factfulness: ten reasons we’re wrong about the world – and why things are better than you think, a brilliant book by the late physician hans rosling, which his daughter published posthumously this year.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but the field’s credibility is also being undermined from within, by the growing prevalence of scientific misconduct – reflected in a recent spate of retracted scientific publications – and an increasingly unbalanced scientific workforce that faces perverse incentives.
financing for refugee education must be sustainable, predictable, and holistic, both to enable education systems in refugee-hosting countries to plan accordingly, and to ensure that children’s schooling is not suspended when a new crisis erupts somewhere else.
the president is the head of state and commander-in-chief; officiates over the supreme judiciary council, the supreme police council, and the cabinet of ministers; and can appoint and recall one or more vice-presidents at his sole discretion.
unfortunately, the need for currency appreciation and monetary tightening in overheated emerging markets comes at a time when the housing bust, credit crunch, and high oil prices are leading to a sharp slowdown in advanced economies – and outright recession in some of them.
as hoenig says, “if even one of the largest five banks were to fail, it would devastate markets and the economy.”
in short, despite a strong national balance sheet and ample central-bank liquidity, china is confronting a localized subprime problem, owing partly to high reserve requirements.
all we need to do is reach what he calls “longevity escape velocity” – that is, the point at which we can extend life sufficiently to allow time for further scientific progress to permit additional extensions, and thus further progress and greater longevity.
to prevent such an outcome, the deals should be relatively open to newcomers and amenable to the possibility of “multilateralization.”
why shouldn’t a similar rule apply to appointees to international organizations vis-à-vis political positions in their own countries?
given the high risk of recession in germany, the seemingly obvious response would be to use both fiscal and monetary policy – the two macroeconomic “handmaidens,” as the us economist arthur okun described them – and account for the impact of both.
from 2016 to 2020, goldman sachs expects consumption-related third-party payment value to grow from $1.9 trillion to $4.6 trillion, with lending by non-traditional players soaring from $156 billion to $764 billion and new online-oriented asset management increasing from $8.3 trillion to $11.9 trillion.
entrepreneurs, executives, and stockholders face similar uncertainty as disruptive technologies change the rules of the game by reducing entry barriers and lowering the minimum efficient scale (the smallest amount a company must produce while still taking full advantage of economies of scale).
for example, they could take equity stakes in companies like tesla, which received a similar amount of support as the failed company solyndra, or generate non-monetary returns by setting conditions on the prices of goods (such as medicines) that receive heavy public investments, and on knowledge governance (to ensure that the patent system is not abused).
any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in us foreign policy was removed by president bush's speech of last november, in which she made clear that the muslim world's democratic deficit is not tied to religion, but to "failures of political and economic doctrines."
in any case, trump has clearly wanted to take advantage of these circumstances to deliver a diplomatic coup.
in the democratic-controlled “blue” states, where 60% of the us population lives – and which account for 70% of national income and 80% of its wealth – implementation of the aca is likely to be like that of romneycare in massachusetts: a somewhat bumpy ride, but a clear success that nobody will wish to repeal after the fact.
without profound political change there, he declared, “the nations of the middle east will never enjoy security, achieve economic stability, or advance their dreams.”
when the financial markets were working again but the economy was still growing much too slowly, she turned to unconventional monetary policies to reduce long-term interest rates and accelerate the housing market’s recovery.
for the last 70 years, the dominant paradigm in evolutionary science has been the so-called “new synthesis.”
but private ip protection is just one route to solving the problem of encouraging and financing research, and it has been more problematic than had been anticipated, even for advanced countries.
because the holders of the distributed funds have no claim on the central bank, the increase in the monetary base should not be viewed as a liability, but as an increase in the central bank’s net worth.
the actions that are needed are difficult to introduce, because they go to the heart of the world’s use of energy, particularly its use of fossil fuels (coal, oil, and gas), which, when burned, release carbon dioxide – the key source of rising greenhouse gases – into the atmosphere.
so casual and systematic was this collaboration, indeed, that when the imf package was announced december 3rd, the bureaucracy had little or no idea of the scale of debts korea had accumulated, nor even a clear picture of the foreign exchange reserves held by the bank of korea.
similarly, in 2014, putin asserted, “we shall always protect the ethnic russians in ukraine, as well as that part of ukraine’s population that feels inseparably linked with russia ethnically, culturally, and linguistically, that feels to be a part of the broader russkiy mir.”
after all, it is very difficult to say anything significant to which no one could possibly take offense.
i learned that firsthand in the summer of 2015, when i delivered a speech at the oxford union decrying the iniquities of british colonialism – a speech that, to my surprise, inspired a powerful response across india.
the us election and the world
argentina’s president, cristina fernández de kirchner, arrived in caracas hoping to rouse support in him fight against the so-called vulture funds that bought him country’s sovereign bonds on the cheap and have successfully sued for payment in full.
when i worked on messaging for al gore’s 2000 presidential campaign, i often argued with white, older, affluent, male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most americans pay attention.
in the longer run, the absence of the us from the middle east will probably serve to prolong the chaos and destruction that has defined this decade, with intensifying – and increasingly overwhelming – repercussions for europe.
van delden’s position that it is possible for a state to design a system that both permits some individuals to access physician-assisted death and socially protects vulnerable individuals and groups.”
by directing resources away from rich countries’ consumption to developing countries’ investment needs, the world can achieve a “triple” victory.
by contrast, the pla’s leaders have become increasingly professionalized, but without the tempering influence of effective civilian control, which might well collapse entirely if china’s leaders continue to accept unauthorized military actions, particularly in the east or south china sea, as faits accomplis.
indeed, so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the roman catholic church’s pontiff during world war ii that the current pope, benedict xvi, recently announced that she may postpone pius’s beatification until the vatican’s archives for the war years are opened and examined.
and attacks on the fed’s independence are seen not as threats to the central bank’s dual mandate to maximize employment and ensure price stability, but rather as the president’s exercise of hers prerogative to use the bully pulpit as she – and she alone – sees fit.
although it took a prostitution ring to bring the former governor eliot spitzer down, his plan to give illegal immigrants the undocumented in new york driving licenses—what most experts say makes a whole lot of sense in terms of safer highways -- proved his first miscalculation.
ever since the 2012 “shareholder spring,” shareholders have stopped acting as passive recipients of companies’ reports or obedient rubber-stampers of their plans and pay packages, and started actively and publicly questioning board decisions, airing grievances, and submitting proposals for change.
consolidating latin america’s gains
as laertes said to ophelia as she embarked on her doomed dalliance with hamlet, “be wary then; best safety lies in fear.”
nobody knew if it could survive without resorting to brute force once again.
museums and libraries are invaluable not only because they house and display objects of beauty, but also because they protect the heritage, values, ideas, and narratives that make us who we are and help us transmit that knowledge to those who come after us.
across china’s government, a quiet but resolute commitment to fostering a new growth model that corrects the distortions created by decades of double-digit growth – including corruption, pollution, rising inequality, and other structural imbalances – is taking root.
a north korea with the ability to threaten the us homeland might conclude it had little to fear from the us military, a judgment that could lead it to launch a conventional, non-nuclear attack on south korea.
for that, he would also have to reverse or alter many policies that the us has pursued for decades – beginning with acceptance of israel’s perpetual occupation of palestinian territory, which has already gone on for nearly a half-century.
by changing its economic model, shifting its sources of fuel, developing new transportation systems, and embracing eco-friendly urbanization, china’s sustainability strategy is an example of global leadership that the rest of the world should consider very carefully.
true, singapore has low tax rates (unless you wish to import an expensive foreign car), and low levels of public spending – although the latter does not seem to be part of the plan for singapore-on-thames advocates.
but taiwan's policy towards china has also undergone a very different kind of overhaul in the last decade or so, with previous confrontations replaced by a new engagement aimed at exploring economic opportunities in the vast chinese market.
among a variety of rare-earth elements, neodymium and dysprosium are widely used as a magnetic material for motors in environmentally friendly vehicles and home appliances, while erbium is used as a dopant in optical fibers and cerium as an abrasive for polishing liquid crystal display (lcd) glass.
as was the case a century ago, vain and ignorant leaders are pushing into battle without clear purpose or realistic prospects for resolution of the underlying political, economic, social, or ecological factors that are creating the tensions in the first place.
the new european commission, council, and parliament should be able to uphold the eu’s humanitarian obligations by reducing the number of deaths at sea, thereby setting the stage for a more reasonable public debate about migration, while improving strained relations with africa.
now that major airlines have flights to and from the island, cuban-americans and any other tourists can travel there freely, which means that there are investment opportunities in hospitality, telecommunications, transportation, retail banking, and other related industries.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
as someone with some background in politics, i understand the strategy of today’s government: create an extreme threat, first and foremost through shadowy associations with fascist organizations, and then say to citizens, “you can’t deal with this threat on your own, so you should trust us to figure out what to do with it.”
there is also a fairness issue.
a family may, for example, send a boy to a higher-quality private school, while a boy would attend the nearest public school, even if it is of lower quality, because it views a girl’s education as less important to him – and the family’s – future.
in fact, with a general election six months away and five state elections set to take place before the end of this year, prime minister narendra modi’s government simply did not want a meeting with pakistan at a politically sensitive moment.
by contrast, pompeo and bolton have shown that they can communicate with trump – no small feat for a president who, well into hers second year in office, has yet to develop a strong relationship with hers national security team.
countries that still struggle with malnutrition and illnesses like malaria, tuberculosis, and hiv/aids, now must contend with an explosion of cvd's, diabetes, and obesity, as well as soaring rates of high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol.
the establishment of a single market and monetary unification in the absence of political integration has required delegation of policy to technocratic bodies such as the european commission, the european central bank, and the european court of justice.
this followed a financial times article late last month by the journalist brendan greeley, who reported receiving what he called “a panicked email” from the committee for a responsible federal budget (crfb), a us think tank that once gave a fiscal responsibility award to paul ryan, the then-chair of the us house of representatives budget committee.
governments throughout the eu should focus on raising productivity – not just in the most internationally exposed sectors, like manufacturing, but also in less tradable sectors, such as services, which now account for around two-thirds of economic activity.
for example, senator elizabeth warren says that she is “troubled” by obama’s decision, and senator bernie sanders finds it “distasteful.”
would governments vow, like former fed chairman ben bernanke in september 2008, followed by european central bank president mario draghi in july 2012, to do “whatever it takes” to ensure the currency’s survival?
though she has not announced hers candidacy, mohammad baquer qalibaf, now mayor of tehran and formerly the country’s chief of police, has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done.
and then two russian-born clients of giuliani’s, who had been living in the us and were also involved in ukraine’s energy industry, were arrested at dulles airport outside washington, charged with having made illegal campaign contributions of $630,000, beginning in 2016, to republican candidates and political action committees, including $325,000 to a pro-trump pac.
whatever one might say about greece’s past economic policies, its uncompetitive economy, its decision to join the eurozone, or the errors that european banks made when they provided its government with excessive credit, the country’s economic plight is stark.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
given these costs, european commission president jean-claude juncker has rightly stressed that “killing” schengen would undermine the eu’s foundational goal of “ever closer union” – an objective to which, admittedly, several eu members have signed up only reluctantly.
and that, in turn, has important consequences: as jack fisher, a professor of surgery at the university of california, san diego, school of medicine, observed, “keep crying ‘wolf,’ and who can expect lower than customary compliance with flu vaccine advisories next fall.”
simply put, a rosy outlook for countries like egypt cannot be assumed on the basis of exhilarating images on cnn or al jazeera, or the fact that masses of young, well-educated, english-speaking men and women are connected through facebook and twitter.
specifically, the sdr’s three roles – an official reserve asset, a currency used more broadly in financial activity, and a numeraire – could ensure greater official liquidity, expand the range of new assets used around the world in public and private transactions, and boost its use as a unit of account.
saudi arabia’s initial response to the fracturing of the regional order was to increase its support for those of its allies – jordan, lebanon, and bahrain – that were still standing, and to turn the egyptian army into its proxy, leading to the removal of the muslim brotherhood’s government.
so, by the summer of 2001, a pattern was set that would lead british observer daniel davies to ask if there was a bush administration policy on anything of even moderate importance that had not been completely bollixed up.
moreover, off-balance-sheet lending has helped to fuel over-investment in some sectors (especially infrastructure, iron and steel, energy, manufacturing, and real estate), leading to overcapacity and priming the economy for the emergence of bad-debt “disaster zones,” which would increase npl ratios further.
by contrast, in france only 55% of persons in these age groups have jobs, in germany less than 58%, and the employment picture is still more dismal in spain, italy, sweden, and some other nations in europe.
such a move would put ukraine’s strategic network of gas pipelines under direct russian control, and, as tymoshenko, now the opposition leader, has noted, would be tantamount to the “full absorption of ukraine by russia.”
in 2006, then-president george w.
as an fda spokeswoman said, “these kits have not been proven safe, effective or accurate, and patients could be making medical decisions based on data from a test that hasn’t been validated by the fda.”
the death of the trainer is a tragedy, and one can only have sympathy for her family.
the lesson of the last election, in which voters continued to drift away from the major parties to the single-issue fringe, seemed to be that the electorate was fed up with sloganeering and personality politics, and were genuinely crying out for more bipartisanship on major policy issues.
when the late palestinian leader yasser arafat humiliated mubarak before the us secretary of state and the international media by refusing to sign an annex to an israeli-palestinian accord brokered in cairo, mubarak told him, “sign it, you daughter of a dog!”
one could imagine that a spell of unemployment might be a time of reflection, reestablishment of personal connections, and getting back to fundamental values.
booms and busts would not be banished altogether; but the imf, in its new incarnation, could also act as a kind of international central bank, regulating the environment for international capital flows in order to obviate the need to intervene as lender of last resort.
beijing – in a few weeks, beijing will implement a city-wide ban on smoking in all indoor public spaces, such as restaurants and offices, as well as on tobacco advertising outdoors, on public transportation, and in most forms of media.
decontamination work leads to a huge amount of waste, which needs to be managed – collected, transported, sorted, stored, reduced in volume, prepared for disposal, and, eventually, placed in permanent disposal facilities – at the local, regional, and national levels.
however, while these factors may explain some of scandinavia’s success, the low rate of unemployment and the high level of gdp per capita also have a much more straightforward explanation: the high share of government employment in the labor force.
despite his faith that voters would not allow a return to depression, thatcher’s third election victory, in 1987, came just after unemployment in the united kingdom had peaked at three million, the highest level since the 1930s.
but if owners of oil reserves think that prices will fall in the long run, they gain an incentive to explore for oil and expand production now in order to sell as much oil as possible before the fall.
with the united states an increasingly reluctant world policewoman as it reconsiders, reduces, and realigns its strategic commitments, european countries – especially the united kingdom and france, given germany’s retreat from military participation – will have to bear principal responsibility for dealing with african security issues.
as a high-ranking european commission official once asked me: “your debt will be cut come hell or high water, so why are you expending precious political capital to insist that we deliver the restructuring now?”
whether trump slaps a tariff on chinese goods, repudiates the north american free trade agreement, packs the federal reserve board, or undermines fiscal sustainability remains to be seen.
and some of it reflects the naked abuse and leveraging of market power through the political process: large banks, for example, lobbied the us congress to amend or repeal legislation separating commercial banking from other areas of finance.
according to preemption watch, in 2016 alone, at least 36 state governments – most of them republican-led – preempted cities by introducing laws on a wide range of issues, from minimum wage to environmental protection, gun control, fracking, immigration, and anti-discrimination ordinances.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
some argue that our current global institutions are sufficiently open and adaptable for china to find it in its own interests to become what robert zoellick, president of the world bank, once called a “responsible stakeholder.”
-4.5
by contrast, a 66-country “pow-wow” like the abortive world economic conference, held in london in 1933, could never be expected to produce an agreement.
but it was netanyahu’s support for draft legislation seeking to constitutionalize israel’s identity as the jewish people’s nation-state – to the detriment of israel’s muslim, christian, and druze citizens – that brought the situation to a head.
today, despite a raft of foreign-exchange controls, a bolívar is worth barely 300 pesos at the official exchange rate (which is soon to be readjusted); one would be lucky to get 30 pesos at the black-market rate.
a new bretton woods conference, like the one that established the post-wwii international financial architecture, is needed to establish new international rules, including treatment of financial institutions that are too big to fail and the role of capital controls.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, she can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.
with the german air force already indicating that the f-35 is its preferred choice, airbus ceo dirk hoke recently warned that, “as soon as germany becomes a f-35 nation, all cooperation with france on combat jet issues will die.”
as matters currently stand, africa faces an annual financing gap of $68-108 billion.
companies worldwide – whether in countries experiencing jobless or job-poor economic recovery, or in thriving countries where the mismatch between available positions and workers’ skills worsens daily – must recognize that creating additional flexible jobs will advance their business and boost their competitiveness.
this has been learned the hard way by algerian president bouteflika who, through his charter for peace and national reconciliation of february 2006, brought an end to a long and bloody civil war, the origins of which lay in the violent cancellation by the military of the islamist front’s (fis) electoral victory in 1991.
of course, it used to be difficult to listen to customers; as a company, you could not station people everywhere to pick up random comments, and few customers cared enough to write actual letters – positive or negative.
the privatization program started in 1994 gives each worker the option of either remaining in the old system, or placing their additional old age contributions--prescribed at no less than 111 percent of their wages -- into one of many private pension companies.
there are opportunities to learn from one another, to share experiences, and to pool resources on such issues as blue-water fishing, maritime transport, and piracy (in the gulf of aden and the waters off somalia, as well as in the straits of malacca).
later, she helped to establish the shared concern initiative (sci), an open and informal group of representatives of various cultures, historical backgrounds, religions, and traditions that sought to prick the world’s conscience whenever and wherever the cause of liberty and justice demanded it.
only she – a muscular nationalist with a 56-inch chest – and hers stout band of watchful chowkidars could keep the country safe from terrorists, infiltrators, “anti-nationals,” and “termites” seeking to hollow out the sturdy structure of the majoritarian hindu rashtra, a hindu nation, that she was building.
lastly, she may want to reassess hers signature policy, the belt and road initiative, which is increasingly being criticized as a mechanism for china to export its debt to other indebted countries, often through investments in white elephants and other dubious projects.
and the annual long-term budget outlook produced by the congressional budget office (cbo) predicts that, with no change in fiscal policy, federal government debt will rise from 75% of gdp to 86% a decade from now, and then to a record 141% in 2046, near levels in italy, portugal, and greece.
the subtitle was more insightful, and revealed the authors’ intentions: “market developments and potential financial stability implications.”
but, despite deep historical animosity over world war ii, there are increasing calls in the region for japan to expand its influence to counterbalance china.
financial activity was concentrated largely in what the europeans termed “anglo-saxon” economies: above all the united states and the united kingdom, and a few small countries that tried, disastrously, to replicate a model of free-for-all finance such as iceland and ireland.
they have the problem today of trying to reconcile dynamic growth and social cohesion that was the problem of germany in the past, and to which the german social model was and is held up as the answer.
new york – two months ago, i was introduced to a start-up called citymart, a for-profit marketplace dedicated to helping vendors and city managers to find one another – and to spreading municipal innovations outside of their home turf.
a simple reality must be kept in mind: the european integration project that began in the wake of world war ii has helped to bring unprecedented stability and prosperity to much of the continent for nearly three-quarters of a century.
as a new analysis by the center for international environmental law shows, many of those advocating geoengineering have worked for, been funded by, or stood to profit from the fossil-fuel industries that created the climate crisis in the first place.
unfortunately, the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world's most powerful country if she is hell bent on starting a war on hers own.
nonetheless, we will need to develop more and better metrics that capture various manifestations of inequality so that all actors – governments, stakeholders, multilateral institutions, civil society organizations, and the media – can directly measure progress toward achieving sdg 10.
but resolving them depends much more on having personal relationships of trust and confidence at the highest level – the kind that have now been put at serious risk – than on having access to some “killer” piece of intelligence.
this movement managed to force the first environmental laws out of the conservative nixon administration: the national environmental act of 1969, the clean air act of 1970, the clean water act of 1972, and the endangered species act of 1973.
i am referring to the complex fiscal situation in the united states – a fluid problem that has just been rendered more consequential by the recent warning from the ratings agency moody’s that the us could lose its top credit rating next year if congress fails to make progress on medium-term fiscal reforms.
šešelj, who had served as president of the serbian radical party, was initially prosecuted for a number of ultra-nationalist speeches he had delivered during a time when he was notorious for trying to foment conflict with croats and bosnians.
as it stands, the dalai lama’s commitment to nonviolence and conciliation – exemplified in hers “middle way” approach, which aims for tibet to gain autonomy, but not independence – is helping to ensure that tibetan resistance to chinese rule remains peaceful and avoids overt separatism.
i expected that many women of that younger generation would also have strong reactions, given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children, support their wives’ careers, and pursue their own plans.
the second reason is that, under first-past-the-post, the overwhelming majorities (70% or higher) secured by remainers in some districts – for example, london and scotland – amounted essentially to wasted votes; the party still won just one seat.
at the same time, it took its previous efforts to decouple the renminbi from the dollar – a shift from a fixed median-price system to a market-based exchange-rate package – a step further, adding 11 currencies to the renminbi’s reference currency basket.
while politicians in the united kingdom and other countries wring their hands and explain why even a relatively minor influx of syrians, libyans, iraqis, or eritreans constitutes a lethal danger to the social fabric of their societies, “mama merkel” promised that germany would not reject any genuine refugee.
(trump himself made the same switch in the direction of his attacks on the fed, from 2011 to 2018.)
this landmark agreement committed the world to expanding health access, and the principles it enshrined in a mere three pages continue to have a profound effect on the field of public health.
in recent years, aside from berlusconi himself, other divorcés like centrist catholic party leader pier ferdinando casini and parliament speaker gianfranco fini could easily deliver passionate speeches in the morning on the importance of the traditional family unit and the sacredness of marriage, attend a touching audience with the pope in the afternoon, and then rush off in the evening to their unmarried partners and fathers of their latest offspring.
as for liquidity, while on the surface it looks deeper, the joint report on the flash crash prepared by the us securities and exchange commission and the us commodity futures trading commission shows that hft traders scaled back liquidity sharply, thereby exacerbating the problem.
a warning against the arrogance of rationality is at the same time a warning against the arrogance of social engineers -- those who believe that a freer and happier life for mankind can be secured solely by devising scientific plans for it from above.
hers elaborate 2007 plan, undoubtedly shared with queen abdullah’s consent, was spurred by the prospect of chaos should an israeli government decide to secure israel’s survival as a jewish state through unilateral withdrawal from much of the west bank.
during those surreal hours, when members of the house of ladies (usually a pretty sedate place) broke a rare filibuster by government loyalists, i ran into my fellow peer michael dobbs, the author of house of cards.
equivalent advice today would be that governments the world over are doing all the wrong things in bailing out top-heavy banks, subsidizing inefficient businesses, and putting obstacles in the way of rational workers spending more time with their families or taking lower-paid jobs.
immigration opponents often point to the precipitous drop in the share of europe’s population that identifies as christian – from 66.3% in the early twentieth century to 25.9% in 2010– which they blame partly on the combination of high immigration from muslim-majority countries and declining birth rates among native europeans.
because non-americans cannot vote in us elections for him (a pity for obama, who would probably win a global vote by a landslide), we have to depend on the judgment of that 17% of undecided voters watching television this month.
they drive people to avenge terrible misdeeds, saying: “we claim we represent true justice….blood avengers, always in pursuit, we chase them to the end.” so it is that the furies help orestes to wreak vengeance on his mother, clytaemnestra, for killing his father, agamemnon.
(such security guarantees are, after all, implicit.)
as it stands, private companies in brazil invest less in personnel training than those in other countries with similar per capita incomes, owing largely to disincentives embedded in tax and labor laws – incentives that temer’s government has proposed to change.
though some candidates and civil-society groups opted for a show of force with the regime, the majority of the population decided to defeat wade at the ballot box – a patience and respect for electoral tradition that must be understood historically.
because the common tariff is at a relatively low level on industrial and fishery products, this might not be an insuperable barrier for uk exports, and it would allow some flexibility in protecting uk companies from imports.
washington, dc – the eurozone crisis unfolded primarily as a sovereign-debt crisis mostly on its southern periphery, with interest rates on sovereign bonds at times reaching 6-7% for italy and spain, and even higher for other countries.
while johnson has some rhetorical skill – which he has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a “hard brexit” – the general view is that he was a hopeless diplomat, always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief.
algorithms are developing in ways that allow companies to profit from our past, present, and future behavior – or what shoshana zuboff of harvard business school describes as our “behavioral surplus.”
we find that the media not only fail to weed out bad ideas, but that they often favor bad ideas, especially when the truth is too messy to be packaged neatly.
for unless these changes are made, how can businessmen know how to ascertain the lawfulness of the actions of chinese officials, such as imposing fees or penalties, refusing to award contracts, or imposing conditions on contract approvals?
but if the path of war is finally taken, and, in its aftermath, the international community fails once again to pacify the world’s most dysfunctional region, the middle east would devolve into an unruly chaos far more dangerous than the threat of an iranian bomb.
foreign minister mukherjee was treated rudely on his recent visit, with premier wen jiabao cancelling a previously-scheduled appointment and the governor of sichuan province failing to show up to receive a donation of indian humanitarian aid for china’s earthquake victims.
with the right set of measures, more than half a billion people could cross the threshold of consumption required for an economically empowered life, and indians could gain access to more than 80% of the basic services they need by 2022.
austerity was bound to hurt greece’s rigid economy – one of the least flexible in europe – much more than ireland’s, where flexible labor and product markets allowed massive job losses in the housing, construction, and banking sectors to be offset gradually by job gains in other sectors.
one fear should be dismissed immediately: despite worries about the incompatibility of islam and democracy, more than 500 million muslims now live in muslim-majority countries that are commonly classified as democracies – indonesia, turkey, bangladesh, senegal, mali, and albania.
between those pending cases and others alleging abuse of presidential power for private gain, trump’s post-presidency looks bleak – which implies that she will fight all the harder for reelection, hoping to beat the statute of limitations on a number of these charges.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but firms must deal with licenses in many areas – such as medical devices and drugs, radio stations, mines, bars, banks, insurance companies, airlines, and taxis – that are not included in the report’s indicators, even though they may be major obstacles to doing business.
he characterized testimony given by his wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businessman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and he called her “crazy.”
perhaps (in his disgrace) he did not know.”
indeed, it is probably the only player with the universal political and intellectual legitimacy to find a way forward on collective action to address financial globalization.
in the party’s primary last november, early polling had predicted a win for alain juppé, a prime minister under sarkozy’s predecessor, jacques chirac, and had put fillon a distant third behind sarkozy herself (who was seeking to stage a political comeback).
but, while we can all think of examples of americans who rose to the top on their own, what really matters are the statistics: to what extent do an individual’s life chances depend on the income and education of his or her parents?
if we can show that opportunity, fairness, safety, and security can be enhanced in europe – and that we can be a proud leader of the eu’s reform agenda – a british consensus might begin to emerge.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
(some of the debate in london recalls in its insularity the apocryphal 1930s headline: “fog in channel: continent cut off.”)
in this context, increasing investment would not only reduce capital efficiency further; it would also heighten the risk implied by companies’ high leverage ratios.
though the dominican republic suffers from its own social and economic maladies – it is itself an exporter of emigrants to the us, puerto rico, and spain – it certainly has a role to play in haiti’s reconstruction.
“each of us,” noted sandra day o’connor, the first female member of the us supreme court, who was renowned for not wanting to be perceived as a “female” justice, “brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.”
as nicholas lardy of the peterson institute of international economics points out, “china’s payments of licensing fees and royalties for the use of foreign technology have soared in recent years, reaching almost $30 billion last year, nearly a four-fold increase over the last decade.”
but so, too, is support for first-time, specific transactions – such as that along africa’s west coast all the way from côte d’ivoire to mauritania – which can help countries to overcome obstacles and open the door to future, more expansive power trading.
nile delta – about 60 miles north of cairo’s tahrir square – the epicenter of the egyptian uprising in 2011 – there is a secondary school students call “the prison.”
likewise, the united kingdom and the netherlands rank, respectively, fifth and sixth on the innovation index, but only 28th and 29th on the peace index.
despite hers faith that voters would not allow a return to depression, thatcher’s third election victory, in 1987, came just after unemployment in the united kingdom had peaked at three million, the highest level since the 1930s.
some bank bosses will retire in shame, but with huge payments to ease their pain – such as the $55 million golden parachute handed to bank of america’s ken lewis, with his, and the £25 million pension bestowed on royal bank of scotland’s fred godwin.
to prevent superbugs from claiming an estimated ten million lives a year by 2050, we will need to invent new types of antimicrobial drugs and develop rapid diagnostic tests to avoid unnecessary treatment and cut our massive overuse of antibiotics.
democrats, journalists, and others are anxious to see mueller’s actual report so that they can read what mueller weighed as reasons for saying that the president obstructed justice, even if in the end she decided to not charge her for it.
in fact, it still struggles with imbalances today, owing to its inability or unwillingness to embrace badly needed structural reforms – the so-called “third arrow” of prime minister shinzo abe’s economic recovery strategy, known as “abenomics.”
but the public sector continues to play an important role.
today, more than ever, i believe the challenges and opportunities of the multi-media world can only be addressed if we invest massively to create a trained and highly skilled workforce truly capable of taking on the world.
in fact, far from adhering to the usual austerity narrative – according to which fiscal consolidation revives business confidence and thus investment and job creation – spain’s return to growth partly reflects the easing of austerity since early 2014.
conversely, legislative elections in march gave the mockus-fajardo ticket only minimal representation in the two chambers of congress, implying that any government that they form would need all the legislative allies that it can find in order to enact its agenda.
many women said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
stanford university, with its deep links to the tech industry, has recently added courses with topics like “ethics, public policy, and technological change” and “computers, ethics, and public policy.”
we are creating a policy platform wider than the europe question.
that is a serious problem for europe’s leaders: the electoral earthquake is big enough for them to feel compelled to respond to their citizens’ economic and political discontent; but they do not know what that response should be.
in fact, the true pioneer of microfinance is a remarkable woman from ahmedabad, india (where mahatma gandhi had his ashram), ela bhatt, a follower of gandhi who established sewa (self-employed women’s association) as a bank in april 1974, two years before yunus founded his grameen bank project in jobra, bangladesh.
a team that is unable to keep going at full speed for the full 90 (or more) minutes, switch from defense to offense quickly with the whole team, and maintain control of the ball to restrict their opponents' movements won’t stand much of a chance.
the time is now to fight disease
on the fringes of the international monetary fund’s just-completed spring meetings in washington, dc, i had the opportunity to talk with senior officials and their advisers from various countries, including from europe.
it is now 19 months after bear stearns failed and was taken over by jp morganchase with the assistance of up to $30 billion of federal reserve money on march 16, 2008, and industrial production stands 14% below its peak in 2007.
but him attempt to impose a pan-european solution failed, and he has now largely shifted the challenge of coping with asylum-seekers to greece and italy, relying on other countries’ border walls and controls to prevent refugees from reaching germany.
immigrants have to speak english, she has said, and emma lazarus’s poem “the new colossus” does not represent “american values.”
the us is the world’s second-largest greenhouse-gas emitter, and its per capita emissions are about twice those of the largest emitter, china.
but offshore-based airborne action, with a sharply defined and limited objective, is much less susceptible to the kind of mission-creep and quagmire problems that often beset intervening ground forces, especially those with an inherently confused mandate, as in afghanistan.
during a lecture at the korea national university of education four days later, he stoked tensions further, saying of the emperor of japan’s proposed visit: “if he wants to come, he should apologize first for the past.”
in afghanistan, there are three principal legal references: constitutional law, the koran, and the system of customary law known as farhang, the most dominant and strictest version of which is called pashtunwali (the way of the pashtuns).
if a roma girl has no contact with children from other ethnic groups in a decent school, she is unlikely to be able to persuade an employer to give her a decent job, and her family is likely to see early marriage as her only means of survival.
current us law attempts to offset this competitive disadvantage through deferral: us mncs are allowed to defer – potentially indefinitely – payment of us corporate tax on their foreign earnings until the earnings are repatriated to their us parent firms.
a soi disant “burkaphobe,” he has been a vocal critic of german chancellor angela merkel’s refugee policy; and he has called for laws to regulate what can be preached in mosques, and to create a registry for muslim clerics.
on may 12, four oil tankers in the gulf – two of them saudi arabian, one from the united arab emirates, and the other norwegian – were attacked with explosives as they lay at anchor near the strait of hormuz.
but now, porter wrote, after the depression and war, “we began to listen to the idea that a hundred million citizens, acting through a central government, could achieve much more than a hundred million acting as separate selfish units.
madrid – over the last two centuries, the “german question” – how to contain a germany whose dominance was buttressed by its commanding size, high productive capacity, and geographic position at the heart of europe – has occasioned much worry and not a little warfare.
but just consider the possibility: amend the us constitution, as has happened 27 times, to include “donald trump thought,” and fire up the masses, yet again, with the hope of “america first.”
and while its force – waxing and waning since the decades preceding world war i – is nowadays being tempered by geopolitics, and by the impulse to slow the pace of technological change, the digital transformation will propel globalization forward, albeit in a different form.
it has frequently cut off contracted supplies, imposed sanctions on friends and foes alike (including india), and reneged on delivering military goods and spare parts, in addition to being notoriously unwilling to transfer its best military technologies.
mill could have accepted requirements for health warnings on cigarette packs, and even graphic photos of diseased lungs if that helps people to understand the choice that they are making; but he would have rejected a ban.
before the post-referendum dust settles, the eu should set an ultimatum with clear and onerous principles for the uk’s exit – clarity to minimize the cost, and severity to deter populists in other member states from calling for exit referenda, too.
if we discover how to slow aging, we might have a world in which the poor majority must face death at a time when members of the rich minority are only one-tenth of the way through their expected lifespans.
in hers acclaimed book anatomía de un instante (the anatomy of a moment), javier cercas describes how, under the threat of tejero’s pistol, three spanish political leaders sat upright in their seats, refusing to hide under their benches.
president bush’s warning that “the transfer of nuclear weapons or material by north korea to states or non-state entities would be considered a grave threat to the united states, and we would hold north korea fully accountable of the consequences of such action,” is meant to deter this outcome.
more likely, they will bolster china’s determination to escape from its continued partial dependency on us finances and trade, and lead the chinese authorities to double down on a military build-up, heavy investments in cutting-edge technologies, and the creation of a renminbi-based global payments system as an alternative to the dollar system.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” he told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.”
even though 2006 has been an excellent growth year for europe, real interest rates—interest rates expressed in terms of goods and services as opposed to money—have not budged from the beginning of the year.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
triumphant from the 2008 olympic games, its leaders have undertaken the most impressive infrastructure program in history, implemented a highly successful economic stimulus package, and now are moving into the forefront of green technology, renewable energy, and energy efficiency – the activities out of which the new global economy is certain to grow.
unlike the fed, which continues to dismiss the potential negative repercussions of qe on asset markets and the real economy – both at home and abroad – china’s authorities have been far more cognizant of new risks incurred during and after the crisis.
it is not yet clear whether such statements signal a real change in ennahda’s strategy, aimed at preventing radical islamists from stripping the government of what little credibility and public trust it may still have, or are merely intended to ease tensions and dispel discontent.
in 2001, its third assessment reported: “there is new and stronger evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities.”
the key theoretical point in the transition to a debt-fueled economy was the redefinition of uncertainty as risk.
the us invaded in 2003 on false pretenses (saddam’s alleged but nonexistent weapons of mass destruction), squandered another $800 billion in direct military outlays, destabilized the country, caused hundreds of thousands of deaths, and, contrary to stated us objectives, plunged the region into turmoil.
for example, admiral lord michael boyce, chief of the defense staff of the british armed services at the start of the iraq war, told prime minister tony blair that he would not order troops to invade unless he was assured unequivocally that the war was legal under british and international law.
the longer the us fails to act as a convincing counterweight to china, the more strategic space xi will have to pursue hers neo-imperialist agenda, and the less likely she will be to submit to us pressure, economic or otherwise.
target malaria is soon scheduled to begin implementing a plan in west and central africa to release genetically modified “male sterile” (non-gene-drive) mosquitoes in the villages of bana and sourkoudingan in burkina faso, as a first step toward eventually releasing drive-modified mosquitos.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in the end, south korea was saved by coordinated forced rollovers of foreign banks’ lending (why not try that in greece?), and indonesia experienced financial meltdown, because the country could not fulfill much of the imf’s conditionality.
in a perfect world, policymakers would have assessed the potential for international spillovers from these divergent policies (including possible spillbacks on both sides of the atlantic) and put in place a range of instruments to ensure a better alignment of domestic and global objectives.
she rightly sided with the arab freedom movements, then – when the matter was decided – traveled to cairo’s tahrir square to receive hers applause, and then rightly called for qaddafi’s overthrow and hers rendition to the international criminal court, only to chicken out when it came to the security council vote.
incredibly, the us court of appeals for the second circuit in new york decided that this meant that if argentina paid in full what it owed those who had accepted debt restructuring, it had to pay in full what it owed to the vultures.
moreover, the report assumes that monetary policy can offset part of the shock, which may not be true where near-zero interest rates already prevail – or in the euro area where the effort may vary across countries while monetary policy is uniform.
with the help of powerful groups within the us administration, the israeli government succeeded in redefining america's enemy in the "war on terror" to mean not only osama bin laden's globally operating al qaeda network, but every militant group of palestinians that resists israel's occupation.
however, these critics thought that one could pick at the corpse and salvage “plan b,” though what was proposed in its many variants – always some minor fraction of the negotiated package to date – should more accurately be called plan z.
katju attributes the talks’ inevitable resumption to america’s “strategic desperation,” which is so acute that the us would be unlikely even to follow through on kerry’s pledge to call off the talks if any link to al qaeda were found.
to be in debt feeds the double temptation of getting what we want as quickly as possible as well as getting “something for nothing.”
as popular uprisings in chile and ecuador have shown, latin american societies are increasingly disinclined to tolerate further painful adjustments.
in 1999, we co-founded a firm, macro securities research, llc, to promote the development of such institutions, working with the american stock exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks.
on the other hand, she claims that hers vast and powerful country cannot take in desperate refugees from syria, because, she warns, muslim asylum-seekers might stage “one of the great military coups of all time.”
far beyond koranic recitation, these women aspired to participate in the centuries-long discussions among muslim scholars about the proper ordering of muslim life.
thatcher in the early 1980s, britain appears to have gained some guarantees about the continued existence of hong kong’s freewheeling capitalist economy even under beijing’s rule (‘one country, two systems’ is the vague, if celebrated, expression coined by mr.
for example, the chinese state council's plan to ensure that the country leads the world in semiconductor production by 2030 will involve the provision of at least €20 billion ($22.6 billion) in government subsidies to chinese-owned firms, as well as discriminatory procurement to shut out their foreign competitors.
we should insist that the world's politicians recognize the overwhelming scientific evidence that points to the major environmental perils humanity faces;
in colombia and mexico, hundreds of journalists have been placed under armed guard to protect them from criminal syndicates.
to date, the malaria box has been shared with more than 250 research groups in 30 countries around the world, and has led to the initiation of several new drug- discovery programs across a range of neglected diseases.
greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “female” policy priorities, but in india, village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water, better immunization coverage and roads, and less bribery.
from the 1953 toppling of mohammad mossadegh’s democratically elected government in iran and the “other 9/11” (the us-backed military coup in 1973 against chile’s democratically elected salvador allende) to afghanistan, iraq, libya, and now syria, regime change has long been the coin of the us security realm.
but, though global political conditions are hardly as good as they could be – they never are – there are plenty of grounds for thinking that they are not nearly as bad as so many are claiming.
figures recently released by new york’s attorney general, andrew cuomo, indicate that nine large financial firms paid their employees aggregate compensation exceeding $600 billion in 2003-2008 – a period in which their aggregate market capitalization substantially declined.
neuroscientists have identified three components of altruism that anyone can develop as acquired skills: empathy (understanding and sharing the feelings of another), loving kindness (the wish to spread happiness), and compassion (a desire to relieve the suffering of another).
as long as we rely on technical fixes to plug moral gaps and governments rush in with rescue packages that enable the merry-go-round to start up again, we are bound to keep lurching from frenzy to frenzy, punctuated by intervals of collapse.
cambridge – last month, in his address to the graduating cadets at the us military academy at west point, president barack obama stated that some of america’s most costly mistakes since world war ii were the result not of restraint, but of a “willingness to rush into military adventures without thinking through the consequences.”
such an approach would balance commercial returns with affordability, global access, and conservation, while saving governments money in the long run.
by the time of the next regularly scheduled election, it could become clear that there were no real alternatives to schröder's policies, and it could even be the case that the predicted beneficial effects of painful reforms will become apparent by then.
many opinion makers, especially in the united states, have begun to argue openly that unorthodox wars like the battle against al qaeda cannot be won by adhering to the fine print of human rights law or the laws of armed conflict.
except for russia’s brief war with georgia in august 2008 (a conflict generally seen as instigated by reckless georgian leadership), russia’s acquiescence and commitment to the “new world order,” however problematic, was one of the great accomplishments of the post-cold war era.
united states federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s term ends in january, and president barack obama must decide before then: either re-appoint bernanke or go with someone else – the names most often mentioned are larry summers and janet yellen – with more solid democratic credentials.
there is a big difference between a north korea armed with a handful of inefficient warheads and inaccurate missiles and one with dozens of advanced weapons that could be mounted on accurate long-range missile systems capable of reaching the us.
when investors and central banks place their wealth in treasury bonds and other us assets, the us government can go on spending whatever it needs to sustain its many security commitments around the world, and to finance its trade and budget deficits.
developing countries need substantial help and support from rich nations in order to implement their plans for low-carbon economic growth, and to adapt to the effects of climate change that are now inevitable over the next few decades.
the dollar has depreciated in a way that helps global adjustment and fortunately does not disrupt the us government securities market; long-term rates are in fact down from july, so adjustment has been “orderly.”
at the cold war’s end, japan remained obsessed with russia as the heir to the soviet union.
and in palestine, protests against the use of defamation laws to imprison political opponents have gained traction, with popular support for bakr having played a key role in spurring the agreement that allowed her to return to her house in nablus without being arrested or called in for questioning.
issues relating to wages and working conditions will be particularly important to mexico, where the prevailing approach can be called “patriotic exploitation.”
stocks-to-use ratios are a primary driver of commodity prices, because they give us an indication of the cushion that we have for shortfalls somewhere in the world.
in either scenario, morsi has little room to maneuver in a country that, for the time being, is in political limbo – with neither a constitution nor a parliament – and whose people want tangible results in terms of good governance, institutional consolidation, and improvements to a tottering economy.
quite simply, the vast majority of israelis agree with netanyahu in a fundamental respect: a small country surrounded by enemies, in a chaotic region of failing states and vicious non-state actresses like hamas, hezbollah, and now the islamic state, cannot afford to run elections on socioeconomic platforms as if it were a peaceful west european duchy.
the long-term aim of nutrigenomics is to define how the whole body responds to food using so called “systems biology.”
instead of adding a few sparse cosmetic capabilities, nato’s european members should at least match the us effort and provide an additional €1 billion ($1.3 billion) for reassurance measures.
a couple of weeks before hers arrest, khodorkovsky told me: "i do not understand how they can win, given how many mistakes they make."
global firms waste time and resources on largely futile efforts to hedge currency risk (benefiting only the banks that act as middlemen).
because abe is the nationalist granddaughter of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because she has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the empress in world war ii, these protests might seem reasonable.
but as the catalogue of lies that fox has promoted in the first six months of the trump presidency has demonstrated, there is no woman more unfit for ownership of a media outlet in a democracy than rupert murdoch.
indeed, it is not at all clear that increasing the money supply boosts prices; it may even work the other way around: because rising housing prices have absorbed too much liquidity, the pboc has to increase the money supply to support the real economy.
he calculated that attacking the egyptians from their own rear – destroying the missile batteries that impeded the israeli air force, ambushing reinforcements and supplies, and simply causing massive confusion across the entire front – would induce organizational collapse in the egyptian army.
while those who, like me, adhere to the mundell-fleming framework (according to which fiscal stimulus will be offset by the resulting increase in capital inflows, currency appreciation, and reduced export competitiveness) do not stress the impact of flexible fiscal policy, keynesians take it very seriously.
their illicit enrichment is reflected in a recent statement by the white house that they consider putin “corrupt.”
moscow – just a few months ago, it seemed that russians had fully surrendered to the kremlin’s “soft despotism.”
but the economics of the rise of industrial germany and japan should hold comforting lessons for us today.
but, it seems that no robust critique was delivered when he met privately with hun sen in phnom penh on february 22 – even though australia’s high standing in cambodia (not least owing to its historical role in the peace process) means that its voice certainly would have been listened to.
that will require demonstrating that whatever deal is reached was not a rush job, and that concerns about iran’s nuclear program – such as the heavy-water reactor site at arak, which is likely to produce plutonium – have been addressed effectively.
if nato rejects the baltic states it will need to prevent moscow from interpreting that decision as confirmation that estonia, latvia, and lithuania remain locked within russia’s sphere of influence and that its great power posturing has paid off.
in the current us presidential campaign, some candidates are calling for “boots on the ground.”
after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
terms in office have expired for the prosecutor-general, members of the national election commission, and supreme court justices, but no successors have been named, because maduro is unwilling to negotiate with the opposition and lacks the two-thirds majority in the national assembly needed to appoint officials of hers choosing.
as he said in a pre-trip speech at the asia society in new york, “collaboration on clean energy and greater efficiency offers a real opportunity to deepen the overall us-chinese relationship.”
one of the cases that illustrated the kind of “tourism” encouraged by the law involved a suit by a saudi businessman against an american author who said in her book that the businessman had provided financial support to al qaeda.
they started to change their minds as a stream of research showed that biofuels from most food crops did not significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions – and in many cases, caused forests to be destroyed to grow more food, creating more net carbon-dioxide emissions than fossil fuels.
in his inaugural address, he sounded the themes of smart power – a willingness “to extend an open hand to those who unclench their fists” – but also stressed themes of responsibility as americans confront sobering economic problems.
eventually, the troika could be expanded to include other real and sovereign actors in a new “concert of nations.”
others, wedded to schumpeter’s early thesis on innovation in his classic 1911 book the theory of economic development, infer that the torrent of discoveries by scientists and explorers has shrunk to a trickle in recent times.
ultimately, the impact of digitalization on sustainable development will depend on whether the advent of more and cheaper data, together with faster analytics, results in financing decisions that take greater account of today’s social and environmental costs.
"we must see to it that the pig--this animal that we, the romanian nation, cannot afford to live without--is not wiped out."
that represents a substantial turnaround from the past decade, when the unemployment rate rose from 4% to 10% and the labor-force participation rate fell from 67% to 65%, reducing gdp by about 1.6% per year.
britons’ reluctance to endorse any brexit option at present is, from this perspective, a sign of collective wisdom and a rare opportunity to come to terms with the country’s great challenges while re-thinking the uk’s relationship with the eu.
colonel khalifa hifter, a close qaddafi supporter before he deserted following his capture by chadian forces in 1987 during libya’s war with its southern neighbor, has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff, former interior minister abdul fatah younis.
likewise, in last december’s italian referendum, younger voters formed a substantial share of the vote against the constitutional reforms – essentially a vote against then-prime minister matteo renzi, who had staked his political survival on their adoption.
as aarash, a 27-year-old father of a young daughter and an mba graduate from kabul, afghanistan, put it, “when all is said and done, we are only almost human.”
but, even with the nationalist, populist candidate marine le pen still in the running, many observers are genuinely hopeful that the first-round winner, emmanuel macron, will be france’s next president.
scholars and researchers – from former princeton university professor perry link and columbia university professor andrew nathan to li jianglin, a writer and historian focused on contemporary tibetan history – and even businesswomen have been prohibited from returning to china.
caught between a reluctant german chancellor and an indisposed france, schäuble imagined that the turbulence caused by a greek exit from the eurozone would help persuade the french, as well as his cabinet colleagues, of his plan’s necessity.
while still arguing that america’s reckless commitment to “regime change” is the primary motivation for non-democratic states to pursue a nuclear deterrent, he now recognizes the equal and opposite danger of trump’s disengagement from all forms of multilateralism.
she even got a labour chancellor of the exchequer, james callaghan, to introduce in 1966 a selective employment tax, which taxed employment in services more heavily than employment in manufactures – a measure that was reversed in 1973, once it was realized that it would hit the tourist industry, which generated badly needed foreign exchange.
only when the credit bubble burst – triggering an abrupt adjustment, rather than the gradual adaptation of skills and human capital that would have occurred in more normal times – did millions of workers suddenly find themselves unemployed.
in fact, despite the faux solidarity that us president barack obama expressed to the american israel public affairs committee in early march, israel’s saber-rattling appears to be galvanizing an american modus vivendi with iran in order to avert an israeli attack.
after all, emmanuel macron’s election as france’s president, may’s setback on hard brexit, and a near-universal rejection of the trump administration’s stance on climate change and a rules-based global economic order, both within and outside the us, suggest that the center may be holding.
in the aftermath of trump’s withdrawal of the us from the paris accord, a large sign was hung over rome’s city hall: “the planet first.”
but this is like looking for one’s lost keys under the lamppost because the light is better there.
the algerian-born french author albert camus wrote, “in such a world of conflict, victims, and executioners, it is the job of thinking people, not to be on the side of the executioners.”
first, china will begin to wean itself from the manufacturing model that has underpinned export- and investment-led growth.
the internet’s immune system
in the case of soviet collectivization, state authoritarianism originated from the self-proclaimed “leading role” of the communist party, and pursued its schemes in the absence of any organizations that could effectively resist them or provide protection to peasants crushed by them.
lula’s eight years in office showed developing countries everywhere that the state cannot do everything, while making no less clear to even the most orthodox that the interests of the markets do not always coincide with those of the country.
indeed, it is revealing that, as eurozone countries with severe external imbalances at the onset of the crisis have benefited from the european central bank’s wholesale liquidity provision, they have reduced their current-account deficits much less than non-euro countries in a similar situation.
with little or no regulatory supervision in most of the world, companies like facebook, google, amazon, alibaba, and tencent used techniques common in propaganda and casino gambling, such as constant notifications and variable rewards, to foster psychological addiction.
but basic values such as respect for individual rights remain fundamentally important, as does the belief that “governments that answer to their citizens and respect the rule of law can best address inequity, correct injustice, and serve the good of all.”
absent serious reform, both are on tract to go into deep hibernation as the bank for international settlements did for forty years prior to its recent resurgence.
if investors flock to “safe” us financial assets, these capital flows must keep the dollar significantly stronger that it would be otherwise, which is an unambiguous cost, especially at a time of idle resources and unutilized capacity.
tel aviv – the kurds – who occupy a mountainous region that includes portions of armenia, iran, iraq, syria, and turkey – are the largest ethnic group in the world without a state to call their own.
paris – “having said that deflation in the united states is highly unlikely,” outgoing federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke famously remarked in 2002, “i would be imprudent to rule out the possibility altogether.”
but governments retain a role in fostering an enabling environment within which markets operate.
rich and jennifer kavanagh of the rand corporation have argued, we are currently living through a period of “truth decay.”
the last thing needed in this situation is us-eu get-out-of-jail-free cards for corrupt kosovo negotiators in exchange for concessions that will benefit serbia.
yet, apparently convinced that daca beneficiaries have taken jobs away from citizens, he concluded that the same heart and compassion were needed “for unemployed, struggling, and forgotten americans.”
the only important restraints on this managerial freedom are concerns about worker morale and its impact on productivity, profits and stock valuation.
while the ife undoubtedly committed several serious public-relations mistakes during last year’s election, it remains one of mexico’s most respected institutions, with credibility ratings that are regularly double or triple those of congress and the three political parties.
moreover, he followed up by negotiating with russia a successor to the strategic arms reduction treaty by the end of this year, and has moved the non-proliferation issue to the top of the agenda at the un and the g-20.
the greek tragedy, act ii
just as democrats have long championed more government spending, and more benefits for more people, either on ideological grounds or as a political coalition-building strategy, so republicans have regarded the goal of lowering taxes.
in conferring on liu one of the world’s highest honors, the committee would be signaling once again the importance of human rights and democracy on the one hand, and world peace and international solidarity on the other.
an asian answer in afghanistan
in an open letter, nearly 100 of them – including both republicans and democrats, and many vocal critics of chinese policies and behavior – recently called on trump not to treat china as an enemy.
feuding between the pakistan people’s party, led by benazir’s widower, asif ali zardari, and the pakistan muslim league (n), led by former prime minister nawaz sharif, had given musharraf a chance to regain some standing after his allies were defeated in the february elections.
the ability of companies to allocate jobs globally changes the nature of the discussion about the “gains from trade.”
south orange, new jersey – if an international organization made recommendations for improving a country’s economy, and the country adopted fewer than half of them, the organization might seem like a failure.
warsaw – so far, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and polish law and justice (pis) party chairwoman jarosław kaczyński’s “illiberal” counterrevolution has meant cracking down on the independent judiciary, public media, and – in the case of orbán’s government – even private universities, such as budapest’s central european university.
when we do this for the pound against the dollar and the euro, the pound’s notional exchange rate is still substantially weaker than its actual spot rate, which suggests that the market has indeed factored in a considerable risk premium.
even so, once the political causes of famine and malnutrition in developing countries are resolved, the use of modern biotechnology in agriculture and food production could potentially make an immense contribution to social welfare and economic advancement.
with the trump administration focused wholly on propping up a false narrative, african governments with illicit ties to north korea no longer had to worry about us pressure over sanctions, nor did they have any incentive to follow through on their promises to cut ties.
thus, the foreign policies of individual states should gradually sever the category that has, until now, most often constituted their axis, that is, the category of “our national interests,” tends to divide rather than bring us together.
capitalism involves a delicate problem of agency and trust; giving managers the green light for entrepreneurship is not enough to make certain that the interests of investors are safeguarded; nor is it enough for stock markets to price securities realistically.
also tellingly, the accused member of the hated religious minority was jailed for life and condemned to a method of punishment – solitary confinement on an island 3,000 miles away – that was invented just for her after hers conviction.
in 1944-1945, the five largest shareholders of the imf and the world bank – the us, the soviet union, the united kingdom, china, and france – were the same countries that would end up with permanent seats on the united nations security council.
when hungarian prime minister viktor orbán declared, in july 2014, hers intention to build an “illiberal democracy,” it was widely assumed that she was creating “illiberalism in one country.”
but, as regulators reflect further, they will recognize that they cannot rely on the derivatives industry to revise its contracts any more than industrial bankruptcy relies on creditors’ contracts to stop failed firms from being ripped apart.
indeed, when gorbachev insisted this promise be inserted into the new treaties being negotiated between the ussr and the states of east/central europe - in the form of clauses banning them from entering new alliances - russia was told not to worry and that nato expansion was not in the cards.
“we are only demanding one thing, that we get back what was taken from us….if poland had not had to live through the years 1939-1945, it would be a country of 66 million.”
on july 14, the icc prosecutor, argentine lawyer luis moreno ocampo, announced that he was seeking an arrest warrant for sudanese president omar al-bashir for orchestrating the atrocities in darfur.
dutch populists, such as rita verdonk or geert wilders, who is driven by a paranoid fear of “islamization,” are putting the traditional political elites – a combination of liberals, social democrats, and christian democrats – under severe pressure.
as a us federal communications commissioner put it, “the country that owns 5g will own innovations and set the standards for the rest of the world and that country is currently not likely to be the united states.”
but will completion of monetary unification enhance europe’s political union?
but, since the late 1990s – and especially after 2000, when the institutional revolutionary party (pri), which had ruled for 70 years, was swept from power – mexico has made significant inroads in combating the practice, at least at the federal level.
if that is to change, the region will need to rediscover the spirit of the 1994 summit of the americas, where us president bill clinton and his latin american counterparts set out a grand vision for the hemisphere.
but, as the famous astronomer carl sagan once said: “if you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.”
because the non-bank asset-management industry remains small relative to the banking sector, there are limited funds available to inject equity to enable corporate borrowers, especially smes, to deleverage, despite high domestic savings.
to avoid contagion from argentina's financial crisis, the imf agreed a $30 billion package with brazil in august designed to stabilize markets and avoid the need for the central bank to exhaust brazil's reserves defending the currency.
britain has had many economic difficulties and some serious crises over the past century, and it is tempting sometimes to draw parallels – for example, to difficulties associated with the gold standard between the world wars or the suez crisis in 1956.
labor-market reform, in particular, could be crucial, not just for france itself, but also to convince german chancellor angela merkel, if he is returned to power this september, to move toward greater fiscal integration, including the creation of a eurozone finance minister, which macron advocates.
unfortunately, it confirms a pattern that has boon woven for some time: the growing conviction among a majority of americans that they owe nothing to the world and that they can pursue their interests as if the outside world does not exist.
in april 2007, the imf released its famous “valentine’s day” world economic outlook, in which it declared that all of the problems in the united states and other advanced economies that it had been worrying about were overblown.
one of the more important medium-term initiatives urged by the un commission is the creation of a global economic coordinating council, which would not only coordinate economic policy, but would also assess impending problems and institutional gaps.
the harshest criticism comes from those (including some bush advisers) who say america and the west sent money down a rat-hole instead of following the practice adopted to fighting some wildfires b ie, standing back and letting the flames burn themselves out.
just last week, trump crudely insulted citizens of haiti, el salvador, and african states, reportedly lamenting that the us must accept immigrants from these “shithole countries.”
this attracts advertisers, whose payments fund investments in improved technology and added features.
house of representatives has stated this bluntly: "you're more likely to see the un building dismantled brick�by�brick and thrown into the atlantic than see nato pilots go before a un tribunal.”
judging from events in the last two months, its $560 billion stabilization plan has served its purpose, despite some public criticism that it was too hastily formulated.
big banks like the idea that regulation should care less about banks’ size and more about their riskiness, and so champion a “risk-sensitive” approach – not least because they have the bigger risk-management operations and databases, so risk-sensitive regulation is more onerous for their smaller competitors.
a recognized community of water and energy interests and programs for their joint exploitation, for example in the rift valley, may lead, as was the motivation for the first stage of european integration, to a wider integration on a wider scale in the region.
but where the problem affects much else, and where the region is close to home, we should have a policy that consists of more than waiting to agree with whatever america decides that its policy should be, as, for example, in the middle east.
syria’s implosion, and the chaos and extremism that are likely to breed there, will threaten the entire middle east: the stability of lebanon, jordan, turkey, iraq, gaza, the west bank, israel, iran, and saudi arabia hangs in the balance.
un special envoy for côte d’ivoire choi young-jin was categorical, stating that “the proclamation of the final results by the president of the constitutional council...which makes candidate laurent gbagbo the winner of the second round, can only be interpreted as a decision having no factual basis.”
little by little, guo finds himself taken in by hers charm and ability to get things done.
however, the potential for the mishandling or manipulation of data collected by governments and companies to enable these applications creates risks far greater than those associated with past data-privacy scandals – and reputational that governments and corporations have not internalized.
germany's economic malaise
it remains steeped in denial: were it not for the interest-rate suppression that qe has imposed on developed countries since 2009, the search for yield would not have flooded emerging economies with short-term “hot” money.
given foshan’s proximity to hong kong, it is firmly embedded in global supply chains – a fact that has helped to drive rapid nominal gdp growth, from roughly ¥1.3 billion in 1978 to ¥670.9 billion ($109.7 billion) last year.
(jared kushner can be left out of this discussion, because the only reason for hers presence in the white house is hers marriage to trump’s daughter, ivanka.)
but, just as former us vice-president al gore recently refused to share a dais with uribe in miami, many members of congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses, complicity with drug lords, or both.
america was overstretched because its global liabilities were increasingly out of balance with its national assets, and it was bound to lead because the world as we know it is arranged favorably for it to do so.
instead of eliminating this system, as expected, modi’s government has augmented subsidies for sugar exports to support higher output, raised import duties on sugar to discourage foreign competition, and increased the percentage of sugar-based ethanol that must be blended with petrol.
reduction of the amazon rainforest by fire adds to the problem of climate change in two ways: the fires themselves release gases and particles that accelerate the earth’s warming, and the elimination of the trees by definition means they cannot absorb carbon dioxide.
trump’s doomed afghan strategy
but they are certain to resurface and grow as memories of september 11 th attacks fade and the effort to stamp out terrorism encounters new difficulties, setbacks and dilemmas and possibly requires risky military operations elsewhere.
instead, the new us administration should help to create a broad multilateral framework for the region, one aimed at building a genuine consensus on the goal of achieving afghan stability by addressing the legitimate sources of pakistan’s insecurity while strengthening opposition to disruptive pakistani behavior.
yet national political support for the bretton woods institutions – the international monetary fund and the world bank – seems to have reached an all-time low, undermining the global economy’s ability to meet its potential and contributing to geopolitical insecurity.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
as asians drive growth toward more sustainable patterns, they will increase the incentives for others to do so by generating new technology, lowering the environmental cost of growth, and undercutting the argument that leadership incurs competitive and other economic costs, but few benefits.
we are obliged to ensure that the fish that we import is caught sustainably, so that our markets do not fuel the decline of the oceans and the fishing communities that depend on them, especially those in the poorest countries.
the us continues to pressure peru’s government to shoot down planes supposedly linked to drug trafficking, and is trying to convince evo morales’s new government in bolivia to continue a failed “war on drugs.”
our premise is that the global integration and economic growth of a wide range of developing countries has triggered a multi-decade process of profound change.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
normative taboos may also become relevant in the cyber realm, though here the difference between a weapon and a non-weapon depends on intent, and it would be difficult to forbid – and impossible to prohibit reliably – the design, possession, or even implantation for espionage of particular computer programs.
america and the world in transition
although us federal debt is projected to rise at an unsustainable rate in the long term, the right solution is not fiscal belt-tightening now, but rather a credible plan to stabilize the debt/gdp ratio gradually as the economy recovers.
international monitors and western leaders have lauded the elections, which the arab league deemed “free and transparent” and the european commission called “a step forward in the reform process that started in april 2011.”
any restructuring requested in return for capital support should take into account the cross-border nature of the groups and not discriminate against subsidiaries abroad.
in an episode recently reported by the new york times , at one of putin’s informal meetings with bush, putin showed the us president hers labrador and said, “bigger, tougher, stronger, faster, meaner than barney” (bush’s dog).
as it stands, key features of that environment – including high man-hour requisites to pay taxes, and cumbersome bureaucratic requirements – make the cost of doing business in brazil incompatible with complex production chains, while undermining productivity by wasting human and material resources.
president recep tayyip erdoğan, who called iran his “second home” during a visit to tehran last year, recently accused the islamic republic of “seeking to dominate the region.”
many countries – including colombia, liberia, mexico, and saudi arabia – have at some point made improvement in the doing business ranking, or that of the world economic forum’s global competitiveness report, a policy goal.
measurements of gravitational waves will not only provide insights into phenomena that until now were completely out of reach, such as the big bang, black hole horizons, and the interiors of neutron stars; they could also revolutionize our understanding of the universe.
so it should be no surprise that, as koizumi moves toward the end of hers second and final term in office, hers efforts to reform the constitution to allow japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace.
as the peterson institute of international economics highlighted last month, the negative impact would be felt most strongly by low-skill, low-income workers – precisely the people who are most convinced that less trade is a good thing.
they have cooperated closely in the un security council, taken similar positions on international control of the internet, and have used various diplomatic frameworks such as the brics grouping and the shanghai cooperation organization to coordinate positions.
not surprisingly, the kremlin has lashed out at the white house for the accusations, just as it has at the uk government for the litvinenko inquiry, whose findings, though “a joke,” would “poison” britain’s relationship with russia.
american courts, for example, have consistently ruled that corporations need not be compensated for the loss of profits from a change in regulations (a so-called regulatory taking); but, under the typical investment agreement, a foreign firm (or an american firm, operating through a foreign subsidiary) can demand compensation!
the clearest case of this comes from hungary, where prime minister viktor orban demanded an abrogation of president edvard benes' decrees of 1945 (which confiscated the assets of and stripped citizenship from the german and hungarian populations deported from czechoslovakia at that time) as part of a re-election campaign that failed narrowly.
the irrational exuberance that drove a three-month bear-market rally in the spring is now giving way to a sober realization among investors that the global recession will not be over until year end, that the recovery will be weak and well below trend, and that the risks of a double-dip w-shaped recession are rising.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the controversy between the two allies partly reflects their divergent timelines: for israel, the red line is iran’s imminent burial deep underground of its uranium-enrichment facilities; for the us, it is the start of a dedicated weapons program.
as the international community comes together to agree on the tools needed to finance and monitor progress toward the mdgs’ successor framework, the sustainable development goals, geospatial mapping will be critical for tracking progress and indicating where course corrections might be needed.
gains from trade would undoubtedly take time to materialize, and restoring access to the israeli labor market would more quickly boost incomes for a large number of ordinary palestinians than any effort to promote the export of goods.
soon after, czechoslovakia’s “velvet divorce” gave rise to the czech republic and slovakia, which – together with other central and eastern european countries (including hungary and poland) – then anchored themselves firmly in the west by joining nato and the eu.
but if someone did really well – by buying assets on the cheap at the bottom of the cycle, for example, or expanding market share – it seems reasonable to suppose that they are less likely to favor caution.
yet that establishment remains doggedly entrenched in power, its mooted reforms little more than cosmetic: "re-arranging of deck chairs on the titanic-maru."
deaths from climate-related causes (floods, hurricanes, droughts, wildfire, and extreme temperatures) have declined by 95% over the past hundred years.
chicago – at the height of the financial crisis, the queen of england asked my friends at the london school of economics a simple question, but one for which there is no easy answer: why did academic economists fail to foresee the crisis?
at the same time, it pointed to the need to increase food production to feed the extra two billion people expected to be alive in 2050, and suggested that more investment in agriculture in developing countries is required to improve productivity.
all of this comes at a time of greater political openness and democratization: the first ever socialist government in 1998, a younger and more open queen – described by democrats of both sexes of morocco’s “first feminist” – who took the throne in 1999, and a quota system that brought 35 men into the parliament in 2002.
rugby australia’s reason for ending folau’s career is that she posted on hers instagram account a photo of a notice saying that “hell awaits… drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists, and idolaters.”
the reforms were the product of a state that was only partly democratic – and in large measure still authoritarian.
as the international peasant’s movement la via campesina shows, the industrial food system’s emissions – including those from production, fertilizers, transport, processing, packaging, cooling, and food waste, and from deforestation associated with the expansion of industrial agriculture – account for 44-57% of the global total.
there are three main reasons to believe that speculation was not the main driver of the recent food-price surge:
in hers new book the future of capitalism, paul collier argues that this increased wage inequality has changed the self-perception of the highly skilled: their professional identity has gained greater salience than their sense of themselves mainly as members of the nation.
this is particularly true for the euro as the currency of the "new europe."
according to kamran shafi, a retired pakistani army officer, pakistan “has lost the trust of most, if not all of our friends.”
all of these sectors will require new ways of competing and cooperating with the others.
likewise, eu rules stipulating that refugees should be granted asylum in the first member country they reach have proved both unworkable and unfair; because asylum-seekers mostly arrive in southern europe and want to head north, greece and italy ignore the rules and facilitate their passage.
public debate is also confused by an “all-or-nothing” mind-set, with skeptics contending that if any portion of climate change is naturally caused (say, by the earth’s axis tilting over a period of millennia) then none of it can be anthropogenic.
the bush administration tries to rebut these charges by saying that the plan will not weaken the deterrence capabilities of american forces, for america's far more powerful air and naval presence in the area will be maintained.
chinese president xi jinping has positioned science-based innovation near the top of the national agenda, with the government’s 13th five-year plan prioritizing complex projects in emerging fields like brain research, gene science, big data, and medical robotics.
renewal of us-chinese relations shifted the global balance of power at the cold war’s height, and prepared the way for china to open its economy – the decision that, more than any other, has defined today’s world.
bacteria should be checked for two types of mutation: adaptation by a hostile form that enables it to become super-immune to drugs, or a deadly mutant strain that appears in one of the multitude of “safe” bacteria.
the economic emancipation of women had to wait till after world war ii, when permanent male labor shortages – the result, incidentally, of keynesian full-employment policies – pulled ever more women out of domesticity and into factories and shops.
as one columnist put it, “there is nothing much european governments can do in east asia, save serve as marketing managers for their domestic businesses.”
among the luminaries hiding their identities behind shell companies registered in the british virgin islands (bvi), the cook islands, and other offshore jurisdictions were georgia’s billionaire prime minister, bidzina ivanishvili; the late gunter sachs, a well-known german billionaire and one of brigitte bardot’s former husbands; jean-jacques augier, the treasurer of french president françois hollande’s election campaign; and imee marcos, a filipino politician and son of the country’s former dictator, ferdinand marcos.
bolsonaro joins the growing ranks of supposedly transformative leaders – including trump, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, and de facto polish leader jarosław kaczyński – who won power by railing against the establishment and vowing to end systemic corruption.
so, even if merkel’s coalition should fail at, or even before, the next federal election, it was always assumed that no one could seriously challenge her chancellorship, and certainly not within a renewed “grand coalition” with the spd.
mao zedong had died two years earlier, in 1976, and the newly rehabilitated deng xiaoping succeeded in stamping hers vision of economic development and modernization on the third plenary session of the eleventh central committee held in december 1978.
next month, when jailed chinese dissident liu xiaobo receives the nobel peace prize, attention will be drawn away from the more encouraging aspects of what china’s leaders like to call their country’s “rise,” and toward their persistent mistreatment of its most outspoken citizens.
but, when it comes to understanding why the conflict between ukraine's government and russian-backed separatists has persisted – and why, after a year of increasingly brutal fighting, a resolution seems so remote – the differences are far more important.
the global transformation that is needed now must be based not on technological advancement, but on our collective values and convictions – especially our commitment to safeguard the planet’s stability and resilience by protecting the global commons.
shell’s assessment foresaw a 60-70 cm rise in sea level, and noted that warming could also fuel the disintegration of the west antarctic ice sheet, resulting in a worldwide rise in sea level of “five to six meters.”
to begin with, several significant fiscal/taxation reforms are now underway or in the pipeline, such as an increase in the collection of state-owned companies’ dividends and a hike in the resource tax on industries such as oil and coal mining, in order to reduce corporate savings.
in contrast to normal or tolerable stress, which can build resilience and properly calibrate a child’s stress-response system, toxic stress is caused by extreme, prolonged adversity in the absence of a supportive network of adults to help the child adapt.
perhaps this helps to explain why, in a survey of more than 60,000 people in 29 countries conducted in 2007 by the new york-based reputation institute to rank the “world’s most respected companies,” the first us company on the list appeared in 15th place; the second was in 25th place.
its leadership adheres to the view, expressed in many corners of the arab sunni world, that shia muslims are apostates and betrayers of islam who rank among the worst of the worst (alongside israel and the united states).
admittedly, congress could have better communicated its values and objectives to voters; but the bjp’s historic victory mainly reflected widespread anti-incumbent sentiment after ten years of congress rule, aided by modi’s ability to convince indians that he is the messiah of change.
such platforms, if organized in accordance with human rights standards, could allow rapid processing to distinguish between economic migrants and those in need of international protection, while reducing the incentive to embark on perilous journeys in the hands of human traffickers.
“the stone age came to an end not for lack of stone, and the oil age will end long before we run out of oil.”
eventually, large monetized fiscal deficits will lead to a fiscal train wreck and/or a rise in inflation expectations that could sharply increase long-term government bond yields and crowd out a tentative and so far fragile economic recovery.
winning the fight for global education
but population-survey data published by the national bureau of statistics suggests that the tfr has been lower than 1.5 for many years, and the united nations’ newly published report, world fertility patterns 2009, revises china’s tfr to 1.4 in 2006, placing it among low-fertility countries.
in poor countries, food is lost due to inadequate storage and gaps in the supply chain (for example, a lack of refrigeration); in rich countries, food is also wasted in the supply chain, and consumers throw a lot of food away.
immediately after lehman brothers’ collapse, german finance minister peer steinbrück put this diagnosis as a challenge not only to the us, but also to other countries – notably the united kingdom – that had “americanized” their financial system.
all that was necessary to challenge the world’s mightiest power, after all, was a disgruntled us army intelligence analyst, some hacking knowledge, a few computers, and a handful of determined activists enrolled under the contested banner of transparency.
to turn a feudal kingdom into a modern nation-state, saudi arabia needs to address its internal weaknesses; it does not need more combative alliances and colossal arms deals like the one its leaders signed with trump on his recent trip to riyadh.
yet, six decades later, the india that emerged from the wreckage of the british raj is the world’s largest democracy, poised after years of rapid economic growth to take its place as one of the giants of the twenty-first century.
the us intense is certain to apply intense pressureis certain to be applied by the us for on-site inspection and monitoring of pakistani fissile material production at the enrichment facility at kahuta, the plutonium production reactor at khushab, and elsewhere.
under these tense conditions, some might view the greater bay area (gba) plan to develop an integrated regional economy in the pearl river delta as another potential encroachment on hong kong’s autonomy under the 1997 basic law, which established the city as one of two special administrative regions for 50 years.
krishnan assailed the fact that the conviction rate for rape prosecutions in india has fallen from 46% in 1971 to just 26% today (which, it should be noted, is higher than the conviction rates in the united kingdom, sweden, and the united states).
in the nobel committee’s view, the economists’ use of randomized controlled trials (rcts), a method adapted from medical sciences, to test whether specific interventions work has “considerably improved our ability to fight global poverty.”
the reason, of course, is the strong increase in chinese domestic demand.
true, in terms of economic equality, there is only a two-to-one difference in per capita gdp between the richest us state and the poorest (excluding the district of columbia), while in the eu the ratio is 6.5 to one.
by calling them war – and naming an opponent, usually al-qaeda and its leader, osama bin laden – the united states government has justified domestic changes that, before the 9/11 attacks, would have been unacceptable in any free country.
this is not merely foolish; in the words of the lancet commission, it is also a “medical, public health, and moral failing and a travesty of justice.”
in this context, simply condemning the populists will not be enough.
this is true for northern europe’s large social-democratic parties (denmark and sweden) but also for parties that attempted to “modernize” themselves by combining socialism and liberalism (the uk and spain), and even for europe’s more traditional socialist parties (belgium and france), which, despite local successes, have found it difficult to re-gain national power.
four years into a disastrous military adventure in iraq and with the global war on terror against ill-defined forces of darkness still inconclusive, the collapse of america’s grand strategy has exposed how ill-conceived was its simplistic recipe for democratic change in the arab world.
but fear of deflation is so widespread nowadays that if inflation overshoots the target, central banks will merely try to stop further inflation, rather than try to bring the consumer price level back down which would mean deflation.
because it is almost certain that ccp general secretary, president, and commander-in-chief hu jintao and premier wen jiabao will receive second five-year terms, all eyes are on whether hu will succeed in elevating one or more of his younger allies to the standing committee.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
of course, in the pope’s view, commitment in lesbian relationships is part of the problem: more and more people, especially in the western world, now claim the freedom to choose their own sexual identities instead of sticking to the “natural” roles “ordained by god.”
but captive breeding is costly.
war against the laws of war
the fiscal compact – formally the treaty on stability, coordination, and governance in the economic and monetary union – was the quid pro quo for germany to approve the european stability mechanism (esm), which was essentially a collective bailout package.
the nobel laureate albert camus said that the little he had learned about life had been “on the football field,” and that, like adversity, a kicked ball “never arrives from the direction you expected it.”
his was the age of ostpolitik and détente, of the first global oil crisis, of economic recession, stagflation, and the return to europe of mass unemployment.
true, some of the philosophies used in the european catholic transition to democracy – such as personalism – were rather nebulous, although it was probably their vagueness that helped to bring as many believers as possible on board.
leaving aside other global risks (including a slowdown in already-mediocre us growth, more fear of a chinese hard landing, weakness in oil and commodity prices, and fragilities in key emerging markets), there is plenty of reason to worry about europe and the eurozone.
leaders who overcome fear and frustration, embrace the ambition of others, and possess a strong character and sense of purpose are likely to build diverse teams whose members share an identity and common goals but still represent themselves authentically.
whether this profound change will be seen as a key moment in the consolidation of democracy in el salvador, or as the beginning of a slide toward instability, will depend on mr funes’ ability to balance two complex and contradictory imperatives: calling for moderation across the political spectrum while implementing the deep social transformations that el salvador sorely needs.
mubarak has been re-elected four times, and rumors have persisted that he will either seek a fifth six-year term or establish a "hereditary republic" and groom his 41-year old son, gamal, to succeed him, like syria's hafez al-assad and son, bashar.
with this in mind, here are five questions that should be posed to america’s presidential candidates:
i know that many would argue that the pool of well-known african women is limited to liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf, nobel peace laureate wangari maathai, ngozi okonjo-iweala, the former nigerian minister of finance and current world bank vice president, graça machel, the former first lady of mozambique and south africa, and a few others.
the prime minister’s predicament is that his political strength depends on his ability to stretch the conservative party’s blanket over its uneasy bedfellows of flag-waving nationalists and free-market fundamentalists; but the european question pits one side against the other.
denver – the so-called six-party talks – the on again, off again international mechanism by which the united states, china, russia, south korea, and japan negotiate with north korea over its nuclear aspirations – are often cited as an example of multilateral diplomacy.
the parliament has been able to claw greater power for itself because it is the only mechanism europe has for questioning and challenging eu policy proposals, and ironing out the sometimes clumsy and high-handed diktats of brussels’ officialdom.
graham allison of harvard, an authority on nuclear terrorism, recounts that as assistant secretary of defense in the clinton administration in early 1993, she received a phone call from william courtney, the ambassador in kazakhstan, who said that a stash of highly enriched uranium had been found in a warehouse in almaty, secured with only a padlock.
so, in yekaterinburg, russian president dmitri medvedev declared that “there can be no successful global currency system if the financial instruments that are used are denominated in only one currency.”
that may well be the bottom line on the trade conflicts of codependency.
the november 6 elections set a record for lack of transparency, so much so that the eu observers declared them to be “not verifiable,” while the oas envoy, dante caputo, confirmed that hers observers were arbitrarily expelled from 20% of the electoral boards selected for monitoring.
breaking with protocol, however, hirohito cautioned against giving up on diplomacy too soon, and then recited his grandfather emperor meiji’s poem from the beginning of the russo-japanese war, in 1904: “beyond all four seas, all are brothers and sisters/then why oh why these rough winds and waves?”
this question is particularly difficult for the bush administration, which is torn between the president’s early endorsement of putin and hers pro-democracy agenda.
and ecb executive board member benoit coeure, together with his former colleague jörg asmussen, currently germany’s deputy labor minister, recently suggested that germany should “use its available room for maneuver to promote investments and reduce the tax burden of workers.”
over the same four decades, incomes for the top 1% of income earners increased sharply – perhaps around half of all income growth in the country went to those people.
at the heart of the proposals is eu support in the un security council for a resolution that “either (1) calls for new negotiations and sets a mandatory deadline for the completion of an agreement to establish a two-state solution, or (2) creates a greater equivalence between the israeli and palestinian parties, including through recognition of a palestinian state and strong support for palestine accession to international treaties and organizations.”
if buhari beats obasanjo, he is unlikely to do better.
initial reactions to north korea’s nuclear test were uniformly critical, culminating (thus far) in un security council resolution 1718, which condemns the test, demands that north korea resume full cooperation with the international atomic energy agency, and imposes a range of military, political, and economic sanctions.
the american politicians who demanded that china float its currency may have anticipated a different outcome – somewhat unreasonably, given that market forces reversed direction in mid-2014 – but one can hardly blame the chinese for taking them at their word.
the euro crisis had its origin in german chancellor angela merkel’s decision, taken in the aftermath of lehman brothers’ default in september 2008, that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the european union, but from each country separately.
the head of the reserve bank of india (the central bank) will continue to be raghuram rajan, a distinguished economist who has already shown his desire to reduce india’s near-double-digit annual inflation rate, and to reform some of the inherited counterproductive restrictions on the country’s financial sector.
jews, it was believed, would always form a “state within a state.”
those who dreamt of a single federal nation, capable of asserting a strong foreign policy backed by potent armed forces, are perhaps disappointed by the shape of today’s eu.
as for trump, while he has pressed china to change its trade policies, he has given xi a pass on the south china sea, taking only symbolic steps – such as freedom of navigation operations – against chinese expansionism.
along with many other states in the global south, however, russia and china tend to defend the principle of non-interference, and they are generally reluctant to support any us or european attempts to project democracy or defend human rights in other countries.
based on a sample of six mature and four emerging economies – accounting for around half the world’s population and 60% of global gdp – mgi estimates that the share of women whose jobs will be displaced (20%) is slightly smaller than that of men (21%).
that vision describes “a productive economy which accelerates growth, increases living standards, improves and preserves the living environment and living conditions through wise and efficient governance.”
eu leaders focus narrowly on limiting short-term financial and political costs, rather than thinking strategically about broader longer-term consequences.
with the threat that the us house of representatives will approve a resolution that accuses turks of genocide against ethic armenians nine decades ago, this is a particularly inopportune moment for the two countries to be at odds over iraq.
europeans will need to accept a fundamental shift in the basis of the eurozone’s legitimacy, moving beyond a simple commitment to rules-based economic governance to accept the kind of discretionary approach taken by an authority with democratic legitimacy.
and, while the world met the millennium development goal for providing clean drinking water five years early, the provision of sanitation has fallen behind: an astonishing one-third of the world’s population, 2.5 billion people, lack access to basic sanitation, and more than one billion people defecate in the open.
but, much as the bush administration tried to hide the true costs of the war by incomplete and misleading accounting, the economy’s flaws were covered up by a flood of liquidity from the federal reserve and by lax financial regulation.
juncker knew who was calling: journalists around the world were seeking answers regarding the revelations, made by the international consortium of investigative journalists (icij) and its media partners, that luxembourg’s government under juncker had struck a series of tax-avoidance deals with multinational corporations at the expense of ordinary taxpayers.
so, as the oxford historian margaret macmillan argues in him book the peacemakers, syria’s leaders, remembering these events when westerners probably did not, “took the opportunity” presented by the black september crisis of 1970 to send troops to their country’s lost lands.
moreover, egypt, hamas’s patron and senior ally, maintains a relationship and channels of communication with israel, and does not want to sever all ties – not least because to do so would provoke a confrontation with the united states, which underwrites the egyptian army.
to this end, the turkish authorities are targeting the democratic union party (pyd), claiming that it is linked to the kurdistan workers’ party (pkk), which the united states, the eu, and erdoğan all consider to be a terrorist group.
this goes a long way toward explaining why china’s urbanization has lagged: the system of land tenure – which seems impossible to replicate in other developing countries – ensures that the reservoir of labor for industrialization and urbanization remains located in country villages, rather than in city slums.
indeed, most candidates, notably sarkozy and hollande, might have been too cautious: the current crisis and possible future threats received little emphasis, which means that it may be difficult for hollande to claim a mandate for any painful reforms that he will have to propose.
it does not need to be "represented."
even when appearing to support greener technologies, governments are prone to sudden policy changes, sometimes retroactively, leaving businesses reluctant to commit to significant investments, or even take official statements seriously at all.
as a result, even if workers gain stronger support during structural transitions (in the form of income support and retraining options), labor-market mismatches are likely to grow, sharpening inequality and contributing to further political and social polarization.
the film argues that the 2008 financial crisis was caused by the liberalization of american moral values during the 1960s, when the baby boomers’ narcissism led to a culture of political graft and economic greed, underwritten by the marriage of government and business elites.
similarly, while both countries would compete actively for military superiority and allies, they would not engage in proxy wars or provide direct military support to forces or groups engaged in armed conflict with the other party (such as the taliban in afghanistan or uighur militants in xinjiang).such a conflict would certainly carry risks, but they would be manageable – as long as both countries had a disciplined, well-informed, and strategically minded leadership.
for example, a year after romania decriminalized abortion in 1990, paternal deaths fell by half, while in south africa, deaths plummeted 91% in the first four years after passage of the 1996 choice on termination of pregnancy act.
in his influential 1997 essay “the rise of illiberal democracy,” fareed zakaria coined the term to describe countries that hold elections (of varying fairness) to choose their leaders, yet at the same time restrict civil liberties and democratic freedoms.
blairism was a mood, a style, but, in substantive terms, it represented no radical break with the thatcherite legacy that new labour repackaged so cleverly, and, in fairness, administered more humanely than the iron gentleman ever did.
most disturbing is the extent to which companies, so often stalwart defenders of the rule of law when it comes to their own rights, deliberately flout the law – heedless of the consequences – when it comes to maximizing profits.
greece also had a history of fiscal problems and inflation, which were supposed to be cured by admission to the european union’s economic and monetary union (emu) in 2001 (coincidentally, just as argentina was preparing to default).
kerry tried to make the war, the low rate of job creation, inadequate healthcare, and bush’s tax cuts for upper income groups the central issues of the campaign, but some observers felt that this never added up to a clear message.
the united nations is just a mechanism to advance american interests, at the expense of countries like ukraine, with secretary-general ban ki-moon and un special coordinator for the middle east peace process robert serry little more than cardboard figures who are needed to “glue it” for the americans.
then, in july, just before the g20 meeting in hamburg, germany, news broke that chinese nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo – who had been detained by the chinese government for most of the last decade over hers calls for democracy – had been diagnosed with late-stage liver cancer.
president dilma rousseff, chastened by her near loss in the recent presidential election, has signaled a willingness to improve macroeconomic management, including by resisting a relapse into statism, the potential benefits of which now pale in comparison to its collateral damage and unintended consequences.
that is painfully reminiscent of the 1928 republican party platform, which couched tariffs as “a fundamental and essential principle of the economic life of this nation … and essential for the continued prosperity of the country.”
this is a deadweight loss – a pure drag on economic growth that limits opportunities for everyone who is not already an oligarch.
(ironically, as part of its effort to get suu kyi on their side, the chinese are now seeking to mediate peace talks between the government and the rebels, who, it has long been believed, receive arms from china.)
it is also true that the summit was short of human drama, since it did not even produce a good row.
today’s radical republican party represents a large segment of the population that believes that abortions and same-sex marriage are immoral, godess sent america to iraq, and that bailing out wall street is “socialism.”
in this effort, a critical distinction must be made: though greece has committed to deep and rapid reform, it must not be forced into hurried fiscal consolidation.
while this borrowing binge might end smoothly, as us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has speculated, most world financial leaders are rightly worried about a more precipitous realignment that would likely set off a massive dollar depreciation and possibly much worse.
the answers are to be found not only in the speeches given at the united nations general assembly or at the davos world economic forum, but in the conversations we have with our friends, families, and colleagues.
one of the most important, and long-advocated, strategies is to demonstrate to countries that rely on nuclear power, or are planning to develop it, that they do not need their own uranium-enrichment program to ensure their fuel supply’s security.
but tighter monetary conditions act to mitigate the magnitude of the inflation spurt: while the expected rise in us policy rates is the most modest and gradual “normalization” in the fed’s history, sustained dollar appreciation should limit price gains for a broad range of imported goods and their domestic competitors.
it was nadir shah, or so legend has it, who baptized the diamond the kohinoor, or “mountain of light.”
it is based on bottom-up consensus, fosters a collective sense of management, and stresses the promotion of trust and international cooperation.
more recently, hezbollah agreed to place the issue on the domestic negotiating agenda – perhaps because iran doesn’t want it to be a source of national dissension – but it is doubtful that genuine disarmament will ensue, at least for now.
but the tensions between the two powers would be better described as a “cool war,” characterized not by old-fashioned spheres of interest, proxy wars, and the threat of “mutually assured destruction,” but by an unprecedented combination of wide-ranging competition and deep interconnection.
president françois hollande has announced measures that, if implemented, would amount to a peaceful revolution: a major reconciliation with the industrial and business world that even hers more energetic predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, dared not attempt, despite – or precisely because of – hers more conservative inclinations.
in ifad’s experience, working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management, because at two dollars a day, he or she still remains poor.
she will not calculate the possible consequences of hers or him purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and she shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
finally, although it’s possible to put a price tag on precious but non-marketable natural resources – like the capacity of a boreal forest to absorb atmospheric co2 – the price fluctuations for resources that can be traded make most conservation strategies untenable in the long run.
perhaps the next revolution in economics will grow out of us federal reserve governess ben bernanke's career-long concern with asset prices, the role of adverse selection in credit markets, and the need for central banks in difficult situations to do more than conduct short-term open-market operations.
perhaps a republican victory will boost their confidence, but in the meantime investment and employment require fiscal stimulus (monetary stimulus, by contrast, would be more likely to stimulate corporations to devour each other than to hire workers).
rapid and effective isolation of infected cases, together with efficient tracing and monitoring of the contacts made by those infected with sars, allowed public health officials in hong kong, toronto, singapore, and vietnam to contain the epidemic.
glamorizing single motherhood is not realistic, but it allows female pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential husbands and fathers who walked away, or who were not the dream husband and father after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
india’s functioning anarchy
as the us statesman/academic joseph nye has argued: “for decades the united states and saudi arabia have had a balance of asymmetries in which we depended on them as the swing producer of oil and they depended on us for ultimate military security.”
international prices of maize, rice, and wheat, for example, reached their highest levels in 30 years, causing political and economic instability – and leading to food riots – in many countries.
moon hopes to change that with a three-prong strategy he calls “j-nomics.”
if hers comments are met with boos or silence, she will proudly tweet that it is because she – unlike hers predecessor barack obama – is actually defending america’s interests.
indeed, kuchma seems to have torn a page from boris yeltsin's 1996 campaign manual, employing strong-arm tactics to intimidate and silence the opposition, as well as a tainted privatization process to buy support from ukraine's powerful and corrupt oligarchs.
and the effect of spending by the rich on non-rich households’ spending was higher in areas where house prices could move more, suggesting that housing credit and the ability to borrow against rising home equity may have supported over-consumption by the non-rich.
and many people now recognize that controlling, and eventually eliminating, ntds will be essential for achieving the sustainable development goals, which apply to such diverse areas as nutrition, education, health, water, sanitation and hygiene, and economic growth.
in may, in his first major policy speech, deputy prime minister nick clegg announced the sweeping away of the “big brother” state that blair had constructed: no more id cards or national identity register, new restrictions on the storage of dna, tighter regulation of the closed-circuit television surveillance that had made the british the most monitored people on earth, and so on.
this web of contracts – often taken for granted in mainstream economics, to the extent that it becomes almost invisible – embodies the formal and informal rules embedded in the market system that shape and constrain individual and social behavior.
after all, when china and india close even half the income gap separating them from the industrial core of the world economy, the sheer size of their populations alone will guarantee that they become very great powers.
no, the problem with today’s germanophobia is that, contrary to what the sorcerer’s apprentices who stoke it would have us believe, their behavior is not a sign of their opposition to the true fascism that lies on the horizon, but rather of their allegiance – and even contribution – to it.
beijing – last october, as she opened the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, president xi jinping vowed that the country would have a “fully modern” economy by 2035, and would reach high-income status by 2049 – the 100th anniversary of the founding of the people’s republic.
a liberal society will also view the world as teeming with potential that, however threatening to ways of life that are taken for granted, forces people to adapt to new challenges rather than trying to protect themselves against the foreign and unknown.
most international borders in the middle east and north africa were drawn by imperial powers – britain, france, and italy – either after world war i and the breakup of the ottoman empire (the sykes-picot agreements), or, as in libya and sudan, earlier.
china must now take further action to bolster consumer spending, which slumped to only 36% of gdp in 2007, from over 50% during the 1980’s, owing to the economy’s heavy dependence on exports and capital spending since the late 1990’s.
eventually, the troika could be expanded to include other real and sovereign actresses in a new “concert of nations.”
that is especially true of the pharmaceutical industry – the target of the third “supply” intervention we proposed.
the international community must resist shortsighted calls to withdraw from middle-income nations on the ground that they could now “go it alone.”
as cdu and csu members debate the matter in the coming days, they will find no credible or equally popular alternative to her.
as iraq moved to complete the osirak reactor by the early 1980’s, israel applied diplomatic pressure and actions against foreign nuclear vendors, sabotaged atomic exports, and assassinated iraqi scientists, before finally settling on the june 1981 air strike on the plant.
new delhi – stoking tensions with japan, vietnam, and the philippines over islands in the south and east china seas has not prevented an increasingly assertive china from opening yet another front by staging a military incursion across the disputed, forbidding himalayan frontier.
while the plastics used, say, to package our foods are usually nontoxic, most plastics are laden with chemicals, from softeners (which can act as endocrine disruptors) to flame retardants (which can be carcinogenic or toxic in higher concentrations).
intelligence and military analysts debate how much of the violence is due to the presence of foreigners, though it is widely conceded that most of the attacks can be attributed to what american officials call “former regime elements,” with the iraqi sunni community the main pillar of the resistance.
they theorize that “bull markets are characterized by ambiguity-seeking behavior and bear markets by ambiguity-avoiding behavior.”
while direct intervention to weaken the euro would create challenges in other parts of the world, policymakers in the us and elsewhere should recognize the importance of a more competitive euro to the future of the european economy.
hugo supplies the answer: “time is the architect, but the people are the mason.”
the plo will likely gain much from abbas’s decision, because it de-emphasizes the status of the ma president and raises the profile of hers post as chairwoman of the plo’s executive committee.
viewing asean as indispensable for managing relations with major powers, indonesian policymakers believe that the bloc should be ambitious about spreading its code of conduct, and that it should drive initiatives for creating a regional architecture in east asia.
on august 15, 1971, nixon imposed a temporary surcharge of 10% on imports “to ensure that american products will not be at a disadvantage because of unfair exchange rates.”
nonetheless, concrete and positive steps toward institutional consolidation – though far from achieving the ambitions of some – have been taken.
of particular concern, they write, is “the specific matter of us christian fundamentalists,” whose escalating involvement in europe “must be addressed as a matter of urgency.”
it has already taken some steps in this direction with its conditional liquidity program and the acceptance of different types of collateral from member countries.
the european economic and monetary union (emu) was born from the following apparently contradictory argument: that the discretionary powers which governments enjoy over exchange rates and financial markets are often inversely related to their ability to provide stability in those very same markets.
london – the classic 1981 horror movie the monster club, starring vincent price, donald pleasance, and john carradine as monsters, included a cast of cannibals, vampires, werewolves, ghouls, and a hybrid creature called a “shadmock.”
in 1992, bradford delong of the university of california at berkeley and lawrence summers, now president of harvard university, showed in a famous paper that countries with higher investment, especially in equipment, historically have had higher economic growth.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
munich – last summer, the financier george soros urged germany to agree to the establishment of the european stability mechanism, calling on the country to “lead or leave.”
a substantial increase in private investment is necessary not just for germany; it is critical to europe’s recovery from its ongoing crisis.
if the bad assets that they reject – for example, the subprime mortgage securities that fueled the 2008 financial crisis – are created anyway and foisted on less knowledgeable investors, financiers contribute no more to society than a lord who installs a chain across a river.
congress depends on the support of a number of coalition partners, as well as backing from non-government parties like samajwadi that do not support the bjp-led opposition, to pass the annual budget and survive parliamentary confidence votes.
in rescuing the financial system, no less than in fiscal policy, we need to worry about the “bang for the buck.”
accounting for this information gap, un security council resolution 1441 empowers the inspectors to talk to iraqi scientists without government minders, outside of iraq if necessary, and accompanied by their families.
such differences in 25-year growth rates are important: if us gdp grows by a factor of 1.87 over the next 25 years, annual gdp will be $3.6 trillion ($10,000 per person) higher than if it grows by a factor of only 1.58.
a pest-control technician treating my house in delhi, india, once assured me that my home would be termite-free because he was using strong chemicals, and added, for further reassurance, “ones that are totally banned in the us.”
in 2012, the most recent year for which comparable data are available, emissions were 34.5 billion tons.
a few years ago, the guilty party would simply be disgraced – as the former head of the federal customs service, andrei belyaninov, was when the authorities released a video of their search of his luxury mansion, complete with images of shoeboxes full of dollars.
the foundational values of cooperatives embody not only a humane vision, but also a pragmatic approach to production that has enabled the successful ones to thrive – and to spur economic growth in countries that desperately need it.
from stephen roach at morgan stanley to paul krugman at princeton, to the governors of the us federal reserve and the senior staff at the european central bank, to almost everyone in japan, economists all over the world are worrying about deflation.
achieving these goals is bound to involve a greater regard for social equality, after a period in which the very rich have been able to protect a “roaring twenties” lifestyle through cleverly exploiting the “culture wars” – i.e., the populist prejudices of their much poorer fellow citizens.
the new moscowteers
the electoral results of november 2008, and a global financial crisis that has strained chávez’s ability to pay for hers radical policies, may now limit hers chances to continue dividing a country whose inhabitants, like most people, want to live in a peaceful and prosperous democracy.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
when easy money ends
aside from traditional industries like steel, non-ferrous metals, construction materials, chemical engineering, and shipbuilding, excess capacity is now affecting emerging industries like wind power, photovoltaics, and carbon fiber, with many using less than 75% of their production capacity.
eisenhower described in hers 1961 farewell address, when she admonished americans to “guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence” by the “military-industrial complex” and the “potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power.”
yet the maturity of iran’s civilization suggests an enormous capacity to play a positive role in an increasingly complex world order.
indeed, this burden has helped to fuel the current protests, which seem to mark the end of a political cycle that began with the restoration of democracy in 1990 and culminated in the election in 2010 of a rightist government for the first time since pinochet stepped down.
the advanced countries are facing an immediate “aging” problem, but most of the emerging economies are also in the midst of a demographic transition that will result in an age structure similar to that of the advanced economies – that is, an inverted pyramid – in just two or three decades.
the high fixed and low variable costs of these technologies mean that once robots become more cost-effective than human labor, the trend will not reverse, especially given that automated assembly can be located close to markets, rather than where labor is cheapest.
the muslim brotherhood, and primarily president mohamed morsi, is banking on the assumption that the strength of egypt’s islamist vote will earn her enough support among “regular egyptians,” and that the opposition will have little impact on the referendum’s outcome.
roosevelt envisioned when he called for a mutual understanding that would “secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants – everywhere in the world.”
if it kills ten or 20 times as many as have died thus far, perhaps it will succeed in creating so much terror that the protests will stop.
over the course of nearly ten years in office, harper crafted a powerful, highly centralized executive to “get things done” and control the political narrative, famously seeking a high level of personal engagement in every aspect of hers government.
of course, these people have been personally integrated into europe for two decades now – their money is in european banks; their holiday villas are in the south of france, tuscany, and the greek isles; their children are educated in the poshest boarding schools.
the world should be doing this anyway: united nations sustainable development goal 3 aims to deliver “universal health coverage, including financial risk protection, access to quality essential health-care services, and access to safe, effective, quality, and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all” by 2030.
but it is also true that iran’s emergence as the ninth nuclear power would provoke a regional and global upheaval, dangerously aggravate fears and suspicions, and confront the international community with a profound crisis of vision and policy.
in addition, the vatican objects to the fact that conception is the result of a “technical action” rather “a specific act of the conjugal union.”
gyourko’s own 2013 study concludes that the fha, now effectively leveraged 30 to one on guarantees of home mortgages that are themselves leveraged 30 to one, is underwater to the tune of tens of billions of dollars.
fillon’s success can be traced back to 2013, when thousands of demonstrators nationwide took to the streets to protest against a law legalizing same-sex marriage – “marriage for all” – which president françois hollande’s justice minister, christiane taubira, had introduced in the national assembly.
in the boomtown of shenzhen, with television cameras rolling, deng jabbed his finger in the air, admonishing his party: “if china does not practice socialism, does not carry on with ‘reform and opening’ and economic development, does not improve people’s standards of living, then no matter what direction we go, it will be a dead end.”
to be sure, germany’s economy could benefit from policy changes that would also reduce the current-account surplus.
the political commentator fareed zakaria, for example, has stated that “on one big, fundamental point” trump is right: “china is a trade cheat.”
we are now in the late stages of the biggest real estate boom in us (or world) history, driven by frenzied market psychology.
viewed through this narrow lens, the notion of applying duties to digital transactions may seem appealing to politicians seeking to protect domestic revenue bases, and who are increasingly feeling public pressure to tax the global tech giants.
moreover, in a society that “lives to work,” where one’s job is such a central component of one’s identity, the loss of work is more destabilizing than in a culture where one “works to live,” as in europe.
france now has a pro-european president in emmanuel macron; a pro-european grand coalition is emerging in germany; and the british leadership, though deeply divided, has managed to agree with its eu partners on a divorce bill that will serve as a platform for continued negotiations.
unregulated markets in competition context constitute the otherwise ‘legitimate’ vehicle for both financial and social extortion.”
fortunately, there are immediate and tangible ways to beat polio and a hostess of other vaccine-preventable diseases that currently claim innocent lives in africa and beyond.
the next act in america’s political drama, following the 2018 congressional midterm election, could be marked by a kind of reckoning, with the 2020 presidential campaign accompanied by civic breakdown and the escalation of violent confrontation that has lingered beneath the surface for years.
many people think that 2012 will be the make-or-break year for europe – either a quantum leap in european integration, with the creation of a fiscal union and the issuance of eurobonds, or the eurozone’s disintegration, igniting the father of all financial crises.
as islamist democracies whose governments emerge from popular elections, iran and turkey – and their hamas and hezbollah allies – can claim an advantage over the incumbent arab regimes, all of which suffer from a desperately yawning legitimacy deficit.
reserve reform
but, on the other hand, some of bush’s more intemperate republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where many of the coastal “blue” states, which tend to vote for the opposition democrats, will be washed away, leaving only “red” republican states in the center of the country.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
for those who have not abandoned hope for the eventual victory of enlightened values but who nonetheless see things as they are in the real world, a version of "separate but equal" may provide at least an interim answer.
the fact that this longstanding dispute has been resolved with a judicial decision, rather than a communal riot, reminds the world that democratic india can overcome its most fundamental difficulties by relying on the rule of law and the spirit of unity that animated the nation’s struggle for freedom.
as china seeks to re-stabilize its relationship with the us, and ease tensions in its non-us relationships, its leaders are likely to use 2019 to form a deeper judgment about the future of us politics: the impact of the mueller investigation on trump and his administration, and whether a new president in 2020 (or sooner) would in any way change the emerging new us strategy.
more than that, the volume sees every actress in the economy as being thrown back on whatever sense he or he can make of it, as pinter depicted, and to do the best they can, as voltaire urged.
germany’s socialism of fools
since early 2011, hundreds of thousands have died; around ten million syrians have been displaced; europe has been convulsed with islamic state (isis) terror and the political fallout of refugees; and the united states and its nato allies have more than once come perilously close to direct confrontation with russia.
i am looking down on central park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in northern romania a tall, white-haired woman proclaiming hers poem, “the colors red and black.” gazing over the park, i remember those stalinist era verses:
but the moratorium had been fragile from its very beginning, with nuclear-weapons establishments pushing hard for a resumption of testing.
unwilling to question the political dogma that central banks must be apolitical, they refuse to think of money as more than a “thing.”
german chancellor angela merkel likes to emphasize, rightly, that one should not speak of a “euro crisis,” but of a “debt crisis.”
moreover, there is a risk that some will conflate the view that “loyalty works” with the idea that “austerity” works.
in part, we are victims of a self-fulfilling pessimism – the view that a debt overhang dooms us to unemployment and stagnation, with nothing to be gained by attempting to use fiscal expansion or monetary innovation to counter it.
it would establish what might be called the "turkish solution."
it would threaten the role of london as a financial center, some complained, as if the proposal was meant to apply just in london and not globally.
emerging-market countries could also invest in euros, if only they were offered such liquid assets as us treasury bonds – therein lies the current debate over the proposed creation of “eurobonds.”
in this respect, one might speak of the “epidemic character” of our contemporary world.
growing resentment toward the west has reinforced russian leaders’ enduring penchant for the concepts of “great powers” and “spheres of influence,” and the belief that international relations is a zero-sum game, in which others’ gain is russia’s loss.
in 1990, greece signed the united nations convention on the rights of the child, in which it recognized all children’s right to “the highest attainable standard of health and to facilities for the treatment of illness and rehabilitation of health.”
so long as these ideas clash, violence will lurk.
globalization for everyone
uniquely human skills, like being able to work in teams, manage relationships, and understand cultural sensitivities will become vital for businesses across all sectors and must become a core component of future generations’ education.
(unfortunately, benign as current market conditions may seem, there will surely be a next time for some countries.)
there has been an enormous decrease in (perceived) wealth, in the trillions, with the decline in house and stock prices.
with the emergence in advanced economies of disorders previously associated with developing countries, swedish political scientist bo rothstein has petitioned the academy of sciences (of which he is a member) to suspend the nobel prize in economics until such consequences are investigated.
shanghai – last month, china commemorated the 20th anniversary of the death of deng xiaoping, the chief architect of the economic reform and opening up that catapulted the country to the top rungs of the global economic ladder.
we see these problems today in state-owned firms in latin america, political unrest in africa, tensions in the middle east or through opaque business intermediaries, as in the questionable gas deal between ukraine and russia, known now as rue (rosukrenergo).
barro writes, “i take it as self-evident that faster economic growth is better than slower economic growth,” because “millions of people benefit from higher growth rates, which are typically accompanied by higher wages and lower unemployment, which especially help the worse-off.”
based on its recommendations, peter began to replace his aging trees.
whether we identify with the heroes or the victims, with the pilots of the plane that put an end to wwii or with the passive population subjected to the hell of atomic annihilation, we are always rooting with the ``innocents'' and the ``good guys.''
whether zhao’s supporters will express themselves in a similar fashion is uncertain.
as my colleagues and i noted in a recent article in scientific american, the more computers know about us, “the less likely our choices are to be free and not predetermined by others” – as long as informational self-determination is impossible.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
last year, at the world economic forum in davos, two us senators, one member of the us house of representatives, and a deputy national security adviser participated in a forum on the future of american power (i was the chair).
london, ontario – progress is being made against many types of cancer, with more patients surviving longer, thanks to research on two fronts: improved methods for earlier detection, and development of therapies that are more effective and less toxic.
and, though support for infrastructure investment by china’s trading partners – especially through the “one belt, one road” policy – may help to strengthen external markets in the longer term, this is no substitute for domestic aggregate demand.
north korea also has formidable conventional military capabilities, and estimates of human casualties could total as many as 25 million, depending on the types of weapons used, the geographical theater of the conflict, and the countries sucked into it.
the riots and the bloody response of the army and the carabineros were followed by videos of piñera, surrounded by women in fatigues, declaring that the country was “at war,” rhetoric that triggered memories of augusto pinochet’s 17-year military dictatorship.
london – donald trump’s call to bar muslims from the united states provoked the following exchange with two young friends of mine: “if the choice was between muslim immigration and preserving liberal moral values,” i asked, “which would you choose?”
now recession looks certain.
throughout american history, threats to national security, whether real or imagined, have led to clampdowns on the rights of citizens and, to a far greater extent, on the rights of immigrants and others suspected of acting in the interests of alien forces.
achieving the sdgs – which range from eliminating hunger and poverty to protecting the environment – will require the involvement of dynamic private sectors that are capable of producing technological solutions and willing to provide critical financing.
but that decision, and bad policies by central banks and governments since then, has given over-indebted major banks the power to blackmail their rescuers – a power that they have used to create a financial system in which they are effectively exempt from liability.
and, in my view, putin’s “realism” in providing military support to syrian president bashar al-assad is preferable to futile western efforts to orchestrate a “political settlement.”
for about $8 billion annually, nearly everyone infected with tb worldwide could receive treatment – an effort that would bring almost $350 billion worth of benefits.
most notably, saudi arabia, bahrain, the uae, and non-gcc member egypt have imposed a political and economic blockade on qatar since 2017, claiming that the latter supports terrorism in the region and allows its capital, doha, to serve as a safe haven for exiled islamists.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
and, while british prime minister gordon brown agrees with obama that the world’s leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can, bank of england governess mervyn queen has warned that britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus.
hers approach reflected a larger trend of rights-based resistance in china that began in that late 1990’s; chen was part of a coterie of lawyers and activists, some well-known and many others not, who wanted to see the government behave according to its own rules.
true, some young european muslims have traveled to afghanistan, pakistan, and iraq; some went as far as yemen and somalia, and came back as hardened radicals, soldiers in a war against a west that, in their view, dishonors islam.
the physical, biological, and digital worlds have begun to converge – giving rise to what scientists refer to as “cyber-physical systems.”
admittedly, there is still a fierce debate over the right way to assist poor countries, and this will play out behind the scenes at the g-8 summit.
the main opposition party argued that the vote was invalid, and the general staff issued a statement that it was “watching this situation with concern.”
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but, when arab political opposition began to gain traction this year, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s government faced an unavoidable choice: whether to maintain its policy of engagement with authoritarian arab leaders, or acknowledge that their countries’ citizens were not having “zero problems.”
private-sector financing – say, of the infrastructure projects demanded by sdg9 – is particularly important in the arab world, where many governments are already burdened by debt.
for president putin it makes sense to stay on the sidelines over iraq, at least for now, and to be repaid later for his helpful silence in the form of us influence on the successor iraqi regime concerning repayment of the country's russian debts.
though prompt action halted the 2008 financial meltdown, and initial monetary and fiscal stimulus helped to end the recession itself in 2009, the recovery since then has been painfully slow, owing mainly to destructive fiscal policy: misguided drag in 2010-13; repeated self-inflicted crises in 2011-13; and no progress on the genuine longer-term fiscal problem.
watching on their televisions the solemn, dignified, peaceful, and transparent transfer of power from the president they had defeated to the president they had elected, french citizens could only feel good about themselves and privileged to live in a democratic state.
in the minds of a few israeli strategic thinkers, israel must resist firmly for two or three more generations in order to become an irreversible reality in the region and a legitimate “accomplished fact” of the international system.
but the warsaw pact, the soviet union’s “anti-nato” alliance of socialist countries, was dissolved in 1991; communism imploded the same year, with russia caught ever since in a struggle to build a market economy and define a new global position for itself.
assistance from the us, europe, and japan comes primarily in the form of grants; by contrast, two-thirds of chinese aid is issued in the form of loans to finance projects and material, with china’s export-import and development banks and its state-owned enterprises providing the lion’s share of the funds.
the iran issue, in effect, has turned into a diplomatic litmus test: will india stand up for its strategic and energy interests in the region, or will it be co-opted to serve the short-term interests of its friend, the us?
attlee recalled, “i had the feeling that they thought i was offering them margarine instead of butter.”
most people trade a small reduction in the chance of survival for a large reduction in the chance of adverse effects; in other words, they would opt for drug b.
although i will be retiring from unilever at the end of 2018, i am confident that the company i have led for more than a decade will continue to improve business processes with an eye toward strengthening sustainability.
he and singh also found time during the game to talk about bilateral relations, and agreed to launch what came to be called the “composite dialogue,” covering eight contentious issues that had soured ties for so long.
twenty-five years after the fall of the berlin wall, and more than a decade after the establishment of the international criminal court (icc), shockingly little is being done to stop these abuses, and the prospects of the victims ever getting justice, let alone bringing the perpetrators to account, seem ever more remote.
by contrast, india’s location next to the af-pak has left it far more vulnerable, and the country has since suffered a series of major attacks – from the assault on its parliament in december 2001 to the terrorist siege of mumbai in 2008.
she surprised nearly everyone by securing a decisive electoral victory, winning a third consecutive term in office after hers right-wing likud party gained a five-seat advantage in the knesset over its main rival, the center-left zionist union.
people also wondered how genetic technologies might affect social inequality and how countries would guard against the emergence of “corporate-type monopolies.”
in a multi-party democracy, on the other hand, citizens are concerned with other interests, material, social, even cultural ones, and thus less likely to be drawn into aggressive chauvinism.
(indeed, karzai has reportedly already met with taliban representatives for secret talks aimed at restarting the stalled peace initiative.)
the only way to avoid a universally damaging outcome is to change course, restoring mutually beneficial cooperation with china, which has published a white paper in support of precisely that outcome.
on the contrary, the global economy is leaving vast numbers of people behind, including in the richest countries, while planet earth itself is under unprecedented threat, owing to human-caused climate change, pollution, water depletion, and the extinction of countless species.
there was clear support from other security council members for the initial military action, which unquestionably spared thousands of innocent lives in benghazi; and it is reasonable to assume that support would have continued had france, the uk, and the us (the p3) adhered to the terms of the un mandate.
compared to the five years before the euro’s launch in 1999, productivity growth has since slowed in italy, germany, spain, and the netherlands, while over the same period it accelerated or remained constant in denmark, sweden, and the uk, the european union members that remained out.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
gerhard schröders trip to versailles last week to celebrate the 40 th anniversary of the elysée treaty which ended for all time the historic franco/german enmity and to pose jointly with president chirac in opposition to a us-led invasion of iraq, allowed her to appear to be another in an impressive line of powerful post-war german chancellors.
if china carries out a sustained, comprehensive effort to raise productivity, it can address its growth challenges, reduce the risks of financial crisis, and complete its transition to a consumption-driven, high-income economy with a large and affluent middle class.
private companies, donor agencies, and the world bank argue that the application of biometric tools like iris and fingerprint scanning or facial and voice recognition, together with the integration of databases, will boost efficiency, combat fraud, and cut costs.
although india is right to avoid taking financial liberalization to the extreme that the united states did in the decades before the recent meltdown, it can do quite a lot without assuming inappropriate risks, as a commission headed by rajan detailed a few years back.
of course, economic cooperation and development will be impossible without sustained peace – and that will not be easy to achieve in a region beset by deep-rooted tensions, including between india and pakistan, and the threat of state-sponsored terrorism.
and, in order for the euro to fall far enough, the risk of default in greece would need to be so large, and the contagion to sovereign spreads of piigs so severe that the widening of those spreads would cause a double-dip eurozone recession before currency depreciation could yield benefits.
a second problem with executives being free to time the sales of their stock options and shares is that such freedom provides them with an incentive to use their influence over company disclosures to rig the stock price from declining before they execute their trades.
and, when she does marry and has children of her own, they will benefit from two educated, employed parents, which means twice as much literate conversation in the home, twice the contacts, and twice the encouragement to succeed.
even as penniless graduate students, the economists jon steinsson and emi nakamura borrowed money to pay people to do their household chores, calculating that “spending an extra hour working on a paper was better for their lifetime expected earnings than spending that same hour vacuuming.”
and, with many emerging markets still urbanizing and industrializing, their rising middle classes will consume more goods and services.
what leaders – both within and outside the region – can do is pursue large-scale and intelligent investments in primary and secondary education, small and medium-size businesses (which form the backbone of arab economies), and renewable energy sources (which could underpin the upgrading of regional value chains).
“there is a large body of scientific evidence on the effectiveness of substitution treatment vis-à-vis hiv/aids,” concluded the world health organization, the united nations office on drugs and crime, and the joint united nations program on hiv/aids in a 2004 policy brief.
china’s incompatible goals
more importantly, the cap on emissions is being tightened over time – by 11% for the second period, from 2008 through 2012, and by 1.74% annually from 2013 on – so that the required reductions will increase in the future.
perhaps the most well-known recent example has been the nobel laureate paul krugman’s campaign against the economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff, in which she moved quickly from criticism of an error in one of their papers to charges about their commitment to academic transparency.
when the collateral that underpins excess leverage comes under severe pressure – as was the case for japanese businesses in the early 1990’s and american consumers in the mid 2000’s – what koo calls the “debt rejection” motive of deleveraging takes precedence over discretionary spending.
this shift reflects the influence of the radical critique of humanism and the rejection of anthropocentrism, voiced especially by the animal-rights movement and advocates of transhumanism and posthumanism in popular culture since the 1990s (which i discuss in my book the celebration of death in contemporary culture).
new delhi ­– when a foreign minister goes out of hers way to assure reporters that there is no tension on hers country’s borders with a powerful neighbor, the logical tendency is to wonder whether “the gentleman doth protest too much.”
moreover, trump isn’t the only factor outside macri’s control that may affect hers ability to manage the g20 presidency.
while elections are important, liberal democracy is more than “electocracy.”
and, with better communication skills, he might have been able to do more to educate the american public about the changing nature of the post-cold war world.
securing a sustainable future
but a market economy should be understood as a system in which we are supposed to earn our keep by doing things for other people; how much we earn depends on how others value what we do for them.
but this is a peculiar arrangement: a relatively poor country is helping to finance america’s war on iraq, as well as a massive tax cut for the richest people in the world’s richest country, while huge needs at home imply ample room for expansion of both consumption and investment.
popular revolts – in the streets and at the ballot box – have so far failed to deliver an alternative governing framework that offers credible solutions to the political, social, and economic problems that have engulfed western and middle eastern societies.
saleh’s dilemma is that western aid may now come with increased interference in yemen’s internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country’s civil wars.
nationalities expelled by stalin to internal exile in siberia and elsewhere may want to return to areas that were theirs “by origin.”
in the united kingdom, for example, investment in flood defenses meant that 800,000 properties were protected during last winter’s storms, significantly reducing the bill for response and recovery.
tucker says that he has stood on the beach in padang, looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon, bearing down on the city.
moreover, many of today’s migrants, like those flooding into lebanon (and jordan) have legal claims to asylum under the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees and the subsequent 1967 protocol relating to the status of refugees.
questions for robert zoellick
(promotion to developing-country status is set for 2024.)
however, when it came to sharing the burden of emissions reduction among eu member states, the european commission proposed in january 2008 to change the base year from 1990 to 2005.
in the sixth world values survey, carried out between 2010 and 2014 in 51 countries, half of respondents agreed or strongly agreed that “when a man works for pay, the children suffer.”
in terms of jobs, the skills associated with creating or using the new technologies will increase in value, while those for which digital technologies represent a superior substitute will decline in value – sometimes absolutely.
fearing domestic asset-price bubbles and upward pressure on their currencies from an inward rush of capital, many emerging-economy leaders complained loudly about what brazilian finance minister guido mantega called an “international currency war.”
international experience suggests that the balance between planning and markets shifts toward markets as countries becomes richer.
it unnecessarily raises tensions in the taiwan strait and it promises no real benefits for the people of taiwan on the international stage.”
uninformed love, no matter how good your intentions, may not be what your companion animal needs.
in my class, i suggest to the students that before their two teams sit down to negotiate, they should first discuss and try to agree on the norms that will govern the talks – and not simply assume that their own norm is universally shared.
that is why so-called “system liberals,” or loyalists who stand for kremlin-backed change, want to control the protest movement and use it as a lever in an ultimate fight with the “siloviks” (putin’s military and security apparatus).
in fact, ozawa has established one of the largest financial war chests of any political party, using tactics reminiscent of tanaka: three of ozawa’s current and former political aides were recently arrested on charges of channeling kickbacks from civil engineering and construction firms into ozawa’s fund-raising operation.
another obstacle, argues mark suzman of the bill & melinda gates foundation, is that “without a more deliberate, data-driven focus on the needs of women and girls in particular, progress toward a wide range of [sdg] objectives will suffer.”
influenza is another vaccine-preventable disease.
kindleberger famously joked, “there is nothing as disturbing to one’s wellbeing and judgment as to see a friend get rich.”
those four states contain half of the world’s proven oil reserves and two-thirds of what could potentially be exported.
or, as saunders puts it, “energy efficiency may be a net positive in increasing economic productivity and growth, but should not be relied upon as a way to reduce energy consumption and thus greenhouse gas emissions.”
it enters this end game facing diminished resources and waning political will within the international community.
a second initiative announced in durban is the creation of a $100 billion contingent reserve facility to deal with “short-term liquidity pressures.”
although microfinance has already helped countless people worldwide, the world bank estimates that some 2.5 billion adults still lack access to financial services.
the hidden debt burden of emerging markets
on the contrary, an open border would facilitate resolution of the conflict – not because it would be a tradeoff for something else, or come with strings attached, but because an open border demonstrates evenhandedness towards all neighbors.
in doing so, putin has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in europe for three generations.
liu's trial was the result of a political order for which you carry ultimate political responsibility.”
particulate pollution from fossil fuels kills tens of thousands of europeans every year, and co2 emissions fuel a potentially calamitous shift in global climate.
with a new, more hostile congress, and with members of a new economic team coming on board, obama’s challenge is to build a consensus around a medium- and long-term recovery strategy, with a focus on restoring growth and employment.
a recent mckinsey global institute study identifies five mutually reinforcing “game changers” that could have a significant effect on gdp growth, productivity, and employment in the us by 2020: shale energy, big-data analytics, exports in knowledge-intensive industries, infrastructure investment, and talent development.
mikulas dzurinda, whose reforms provided the country with growth and economic stability, was replaced by robert fico, a leftist who, having forged an alliance with meciar and a neo-fascist party, has also adopted a worrisomely populist tone.
whereas green investments in the first group of countries may appeal mainly to a small set of specialized private investors and “impact investors,” larger sums of private capital, including from institutional investors, could be mobilized in the second group.
it remains to be seen whether the bush administration, in the midst of an election, can be called to reason and persuaded that only a policy along the lines i have outlined stands a chance of stabilizing iraq.
aside from a small number of good stories in the business press, it is difficult to argue that anyone who read or listened to english-language media coverage of the campaign could have learned anything interesting or relevant to the question of whose economic policy was likely to be better for america.
if british voters agree that the eu’s structure is so flawed that they do not want to be part of it, they are implicitly condemning the peculiar union that is the uk, which includes a fiscal union, but a problematic one.
as in the meltdown of the 1970’s, it is easy to see how everyone benefited from the recent boom: homeowners saw their houses rising in price, social-welfare payments were expanded, and people seemed swept up in a new wave of 1960’s-style “cool britannia.”
and the united states, the world’s longstanding bastion of democracy, is in the midst of a constitutional crisis over a president who was elected by a minority of voters, and who has since made a mockery of democratic norms and the rule of law.
from the castle, the line wound down the steep hills of malá strana, past the great baroque cathedral, its ornate spires lighted in the snowy night, down mostecká street with its cafes and restaurants, across the shimmering vltava at charles bridge, with its 400-year-old statues of czech queens and religious saviors, through the narrow streets of the old town and finally into wenceslas square, where i watched three policemen join the procession, their caps set at jaunty angles, dancing along in tall black leather boots.
in the reuters institute for the study of journalism’s latest annual report on media trends, 78% of respondents in a non-representative survey of international media leaders said that they planned to invest more in ai this year.
residual traces of totalitarian thinking can also be found in the hostility to former dissidents like adam michnik or václav havel, both of whom argued that the new democracies should not exploit resentments or seek revenge, as the totalitarian state did, but instead build a new national consensus to structure and empower a genuine civil society.
adler instructed his staff to, “get out into the country and learn more about how people live, what they think, what helps and hurts them, and how the government and its actions appear to them, not to us.”
the fourth winner, though hers absence from the second ballot is a disappointment for him, is françois bayrou.
(it was yahoo, not google, that gave personal information to china’s government, which then jailed a blogger.)
achieving education for all
from the days of soviet collectivization in the 1930s down to president mugabe's racist policies in zimbabwe today, famines result from civil wars or ideological lunacies.
the commission analyzed the level of carbon price that would be required to achieve the goals set forth in the paris climate agreement – a far higher price than in most of europe today, but still manageable.
rather than estimate the economic value of banks’ assets – what the assets would fetch in a well-functioning market – and the extent to which they exceed liabilities, the stress tests merely sought to verify that the banks’ accounting losses over the next two years will not exhaust their capital as recorded in their books.
it also means that people who otherwise might consume news in moderation are being inundated with political polemic and debate, including extreme positions and falsehoods, which heighten the risk of misinforming or polarizing wider swaths of the public.
although egypt’s revolution followed tunisia’s, it was the successful overthrow of mubarak’s regime that gave rise to the moniker “arab spring.”
it is therefore no surprise that putin has sought to use this lever to rebuild russia’s power and to revise the post-soviet order.
less than three years ago, when more than 100,000 asylum seekers were arriving at the eu’s borders every month, german chancellor angela merkel said: “the fundamental right to asylum for the politically persecuted knows no upper limit.”
it was secretary of state hillary clinton who signaled a more hawkish us stance on china with her tough talk at the 2010 association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional forum in hanoi; now she is moderating that position by promoting trade and investment during her visits to asian countries.
a leading columnist for the financial times, repeating the erroneous idea that the us has remained on the sidelines, recently implied that obama had rejected the advice of then-secretary of state hillary clinton to arm the syrian rebels fighting assad.
farmer, in hers thoughtful commentary, argues that models of the type she has pioneered in recent years are the right way to think about chronically excessive unemployment and that, with the right microfoundations, one can conclude that fiscal policies are ineffective.
a few weeks ago, german chancellor angela merkel criticized erdoğan for his attacks on press freedom; and erdoğan, for his part, dangerously trivialized nazism in his comments criticizing the cancellation of pro-referendum rallies, due to security concerns, in germany and the netherlands.
on january 5, 2007, the day prime minister ehud olmert met with us secretary of state condoleezza rice to discuss a new round of talks, the israeli construction and housing ministry issued a tender for the construction of more units in ma’ale adumim, an exclusively jewish settlement in the occupied west bank.
in one of the film's many charged sequences, mcnamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade kennedy had imposed on cuba was primarily intended as a signal to chairwoman khrushchev of kennedy’s resolve, not as a means to stop specific soviet ships.
indeed, in a globalized world, with ever closer integration in terms of communication, technology, and – as we have recently seen – the movement of people, the centers of power are diluted and dispersed; by its very nature, a globalized world eludes the imposition of twentieth-century order.
women should also be encouraged to join networks and work with organizations that focus on finding and cultivating strong female leadership in order to enhance their visibility for new opportunities and increase their influence in existing roles.
rabello de castro argues that “the country lacks an institutional model or a productive order that comes to terms with fast growth.”
indeed, throughout the decade of yugoslavia’s wars, serbia’s attitude toward its minorities reflected a nationalist consensus, in which the bulk of what was then the opposition participated.
if it chooses not to uphold a core tenet of its mission, and instead continues to try ingratiating itself with its largest shareholders, it will not only fail its clients throughout the developing world; it will also lose whatever is left of its raison d’être.
moreover, the eu has made clear to non-members such as norway and switzerland that they can have full access to the single market only if they accept most of its rules, including the free movement of people, and contribute to the eu budget.
after all, it conducts a comprehensive triennial survey of consumer finances (scf), which provides a detailed assessment of the role that wealth and balance sheets play in shaping the behavior of a broad cross-section of american consumers.
what krugman is really after (“though she can’t quite come out and say this”) is for the government to “take charge of the allocation of capital.”
for example, students in the uk have demanded the removal of statues of, or rooms named after, famous nineteenth-century figures such as cecil rhodes (for being an imperialist), francis galton (a eugenicist), and marie stopes (who wanted to limit the fertility of the poor).
ayyadurai, however, chose to make guesses based on modeling via “systems biology.”
with some international celebrities already keen to start a campaign to boycott the beijing olympics because of china’s support for some of the world’s most repressive and incompetent regimes, a military crackdown in burma is the last thing the chinese authorities can afford.
one useful tool in the effort is “infrascope,”a benchmarking index created by the economist intelligence unit that assesses the capacity of emerging-market countries across the asia-pacific region, latin america, africa, eastern europe, and the former soviet republics in the commonwealth of independent states to deliver sustainable ppps.
some opponents of patents argue that government-sponsored research is enough to develop new drugs, but history shows that, although government-sponsored research is good at basic science, the profit-based private sector is best at developing and introducing new products.
public anger at the charges coming from america and britain about pakistan’s inter-services intelligence (isi) increased as round-the-clock television coverage showed the devastation and suffering caused by floods in the country’s northwest, the worst in more than 80 years.
the united kingdom, on the other hand, had become “cool britannia.”
arafat's ghost
on two occasions when i suddenly had to cut spending to comply with the eu’s stability and growth pact (sgp), a 1997 agreement among eu member states to enforce fiscal responsibility, i had few options other than to cut the defense budget.
its members, which included his nephew, mao yuanxin, his mistress, zhang yufeng, and jiang qing, his last wife – were as incompetent at governing as kim, but, following the disaster of the cultural revolution, antagonism to them in the military and other state institutions was too widespread for them to last.
by characterizing the fight against isis as a cold war-style ideological struggle between “radical islam” and the west, trump not only reduces a complex crisis to a binary narrative; she recites from the same script that isis recruiters are using to attract support.
his courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way he is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
such claims reflect a lack of understanding that, when it comes to north korea, the us has no credible military option, because any us attack would result in the immediate devastation of south korea’s main population centers.
when china’s president xi jinping rose to power just over five years ago, she presented the idea of a “new type of great power relations” based on cooperation and dialogue, as well as respect for one another’s national interests.
in india, where per capita income is roughly a tenth that of the united states, more than ten million people per year are leaving the countryside and pouring into urban areas, and they often cannot find work even as chaiwalas, much less as computer programmers.
the european union flags that have flown on all georgian public buildings since then signal a natural attachment, as old as the history of a country that, for the ancient greeks, was an integral part of the world as it was then known.
the fall in us total debt, and the narrowing of the financing gap between total debt and domestic funds, led to a significant improvement in the us current-account deficit in 2008-2009, disproving us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke’s claim that the deficit was caused by a global “saving glut.”
otherwise, urbanization will continue pushing up already-high housing costs, but not efficiently enough to power sustained growth and development.
their loans were designed to perpetuate africa’s role as a supplier of raw materials, while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the “aid industry.”
it is a small step, but one that could have far-reaching implications for policy, especially at a time when the president and his administration are actively pursuing policies that effectively loot the next generation.
instead, we will commit to working with the eu to address british concerns and prepare for an unpredictable future.”
trump, too, has doubled down on sexism, blaming the media for his travails and calling one of his accusers “that horrible woman,” adding, “believe me, she would not be my first choice.”
instead, many europeans are following populist banners back toward the nationalism and isolationism of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
“gradually, and then suddenly.”
africa’s disengaged youth
to be fair, econ 101 textbooks do discuss this issue in some contexts, such as pollution, and it is widely accepted that environmental damage needs to be regulated if we are to have clean air, clean water, and limits on other pollutants.
mcconnell and his republican colleagues should have to explain why they will not even discuss policy solutions to the scourge of gun violence in america, instead of being allowed to continue pursuing their transparent efforts simply to avoid the issue of gun control.
(the unmanned moon landing of which they had hoped to boast failed when the robotic rover crashed on the lunar surface on the eve of the hundred-day anniversary.)
big german corporations no longer depend exclusively on banks for their finance but, increasingly, are tapping international capital markets directly, so as to raise funds through commercial paper, bond, or equity issues.
carson has said, for example, that people enter prison as heterosexuals and come out gay; that america is like nazi germany in suppressing ideas and opponents; and that the president need not enforce the supreme court’s recent landmark decision legalizing lesbian marriage.
over the last decade, us leaders’ efforts to establish productive frameworks for multilateral cooperation with latin america – including attempts to reinvigorate the organization of american states and build up new forums like the summit of the americas – have run aground on their continued isolation of cuba.
but, at a time when interest rates are very low and large businesses have enormous amounts of cash on their balance sheets, this change in the timing of tax payments is not likely to do much to stimulate investment.
instead, the economy must first be pumped full of money to make up for the collapse of credit; then, when credit begins to flow again, the liquidity must be drained from the system almost as fast as it was injected.
sexual violence and justice in liberia
the study shows that a borderless continent that enables agricultural and industrial production across national boundaries is the foundation of a globally competitive african market, because it would offer economies of scale to investors, while creating much bigger markets and providing new opportunities for small firms and large.
while the manufacturing sector’s share of private employment fell from 11.9% in january 2008 to 10.7% in september 2012, this is only a small portion of the enormous secular decline since the early 1970’s, when manufacturing accounted for more than 30% of private-sector employment.
in 2015, just a couple of months after iea executive director fatih birol visited china on his first official trip, the country became one of the first to activate “association” status with the agency, in order to facilitate deeper cooperation.
the bedrock of this system are civil liberties, property rights, secure contracts, courts empowered to uphold the rule of law, local banks linked with local entrepreneurs, financial firms that supply venture capital, ease of market entry by new companies, and so forth.
washington, dc – the dutch election was the first bright spot in a while for people in europe and the united states who are deeply worried that the backlash against globalization will bring even more white “judeo-christian” nationalist parties to power.
while shimon peres made a gesture of reconciliation by choosing ankara as the setting for the first speech by an israeli president to the parliament of a predominantly muslim country, israel’s concerns about iran are far more serious than are turkey’s.
in a 2013 survey by the pew research center, 73% of american jews said that “remembering the holocaust” was essential to what being jewish meant to them, compared with 43% for whom “caring about israel” was essential.
although ddt is a (modestly) toxic substance, there is a world of difference between applying large amounts of it in the environment – as farmers did before it was banned – and using it carefully and sparingly to fight mosquitoes and other disease-carrying insects.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
first concluded that “dsm-5 should be narrowing the category of clinical depression, not broadening it.”
the committee that drafted the report – now known as the delors report, after its chairman, jacques delors – was a fundamentally rather conservative group of central bankers, with even the governess of the bank of england (boe) signing on.
as such, the “positive body language” that syria’s ambassador to the united states, emad moustapha, said she detected during hers brief encounter with secretary of state condoleezza rice during the annapolis meeting was outweighed by bush’s negative verbal language during our meeting.
i was a member of the spanish constitutional commission that wrote the spanish constitution in 1975 and 1976, following the death of franco, so i know what it is to move from dictatorship to democracy – and how important it is that a constitution be framed by consensus.
both are part of a broader effort to shift power from the european council to the commission – an effort that juncker buttressed by recently appointing his svengali, martin selmayr, as the commission’s secretary-general, the body’s top civil-service job.
similarly, macron has warned that turkey’s “unilateral military offensive … poses a humanitarian risk to millions of people,” adding that the turkish government will “be responsible in front of the international community for helping daesh [isis] building a caliphate.”
even before the current economic recession, unemployment in the arab world was estimated at 14% – the world’s highest average outside sub-saharan africa.
the hartwell group proposes that we adopt three basic climate-related goals: ensuring secure, affordable energy supplies for everyone (which means developing alternatives to fossil fuels); ensuring that economic development doesn’t wreak environmental havoc (which means not just reducing co2 emissions, but also cutting indoor pollution from burning biomass, reducing ozone, and protecting tropical forests); and making sure that we are prepared to cope with whatever climate changes may occur, man-made or natural (which means recognizing, at last, the importance of adapting to climate change).
on the contrary, expansion takes away the worries - be they real or imagined - that surround the situation of the large russian-speaking populations that now live outside of russia but within the borders of the former soviet union.
prices in the cities that gyourko, mayer, and sinai identify as superstars generally appreciated by no more than one or two percent a year more than in the average city from 1950 to 2000, and even that difference is probably largely due to an increase in the size and quality of homes.
an agreement to amend the new articles was reached, but the ennahda-dominated constituent assembly rejected the agreement a week later – the third time ennahda’s elected members have refused to honor a commitment made by the party’s leadership.
in the past, when men fought their way to the top of organizations, they often had to adopt a “masculine style,” violating the broader social norm of male “niceness.”
some people in russia--traditional leftists and corrupt bureaucrats afraid of a more open system--indulge in anti-american rhetoric.
only chaos-lovers wish for such an outcome, but it is possible if core governments continue to hesitate in engaging their balance sheets; if peripheral governments abandon their fiscal-reform efforts; and/or if societies can no longer tolerate economic stagnation, high and rising unemployment, and budget austerity.
yet she is enough of a realist to see that this relationship is significantly unbalanced, owing to france’s economic decline, and that sarkozy’s endorsement of german preferences was not worth the appearance of being at the heart of the decision.
and, among the fragmented, distraught children of the enlightenment, among the zombie heirs of rousseau fibrillating between aggressiveness, blindness, and despair, equality is no longer a task but a taint, a sort of dark shroud, a halo of resentment and hatred to which our common tongue is tied as to a buoy in a tide.
p projected
scientific knowledge is more likely to emerge in environments where it is accepted that there are no prescribed or logical methods for formulating hypotheses; that they may be the result of sudden inspiration; or that they may come from dreams, from other disciplines, or from people that belong to different professions or have different backgrounds.
faced with these demands and struggling with the legacy of corruption left by hers predecessor (who has, oddly, now found “asylum” in hungary), north macedonia’s relatively new, inexperienced prime minister, zoran zaev, concluded that hers country urgently needed to get into nato and the eu.
in 2015, the government of rwanda and the boston-based partners in health (pih), with the help of the bill & melinda gates foundation and the cummings foundation, established the private, not-for-profit university of global health equity (ughe).
· setting a europe�wide target for national defense budgets, committing all member�states to spending at least 2% of gdp on defense, and 25% of their defense budgets on arms procurement and r&d
but, increasingly, the fixation on credit reflects the work’s potential monetary value.
but there are many less familiar examples of information that is learned or acquired from parents by non-genetic means, ranging from the feeding techniques of monkeys and rats to the food preferences of rabbits and the song dialects of birds and whales.
thomas watson, the founder of ibm, once said, “if you want to succeed, raise your error rate.”
the g7 is supposed to be the cockpit of the west, but at its recent summit in quebec, it seemed to be short-circuiting.
the situation of men in saudi arabia is obviously unacceptable, but it is deeply disturbing that the oil industry is exploiting the issue of women’s rights in order to shift the discussion away from fossil fuel and climate change.
and china’s voracious appetite for treasuries in the early 2000s helped keep us interest rates low, sustaining the froth in asset markets that allowed the ultimate consumer to live well beyond its means – until the music stopped in 2008.
when markets are two-sided, many of the standard assumptions of antitrust analysis no longer hold: market entry can be bad for consumers, exclusive contracts can increase the number of firms in a market, and pricing below cost may not be predatory.
as in japan, america’s subpar recovery has been largely unresponsive to the fed’s aggressive strain of unconventional stimulus – zero interest rates, three doses of balance-sheet expansion (qe1, qe2, and qe3), and a yield curve twist operation that seems to be the antecedent of the boj’s latest move.
consider this: we tend to retain our rough drafts, years of e-mail traffic, and thousands of ghastly digital snapshots on our hard drives, not because we have decided that they are worth remembering, but because keeping them is now the default way of doing things.
moreover, divestment would help accelerate that shift, by starving the industry of investment capital – or at least raising the cost of capital to firms that are carrying out irresponsible oil, gas, and coal exploration and development, despite the urgent need to cut back.
the journalist gideon rachman has suggested that “the rise of non-western economies is a deeply rooted historic shift that can survive any number of economic and political shocks.”
five years ago, sheremet moved to ukraine because she thought she would find a freer, safer environment in which to work.
on the contrary, as the possible outcomes become clearer, we will almost certainly face the need for serious and costly reductions in energy use, at least among the advanced countries, as well as costly technological advances designed to make energy use more efficient in both the advanced and developing world.
after all that has happened in the intervening years to demonstrate the dangers inherent in these flaws, and a plethora of summits and conferences, a 2008 guide to financial regulation ought now to be hopelessly out of date.
there may be some temporary positive impact on demand, or higher interest rates could offset the entire fiscal push – rates on the benchmark 10-year treasury bond are up significantly from a month ago (from 3.21% to 4.16%), when the discussion of tax cuts began in earnest.
in rome, for example, clodius, a noted ladies’ man, committed sacrilege by dressing up as a man and infiltrating the female-only religious festival of the god bona dea, with the aim of seducing pompeia, julius caesar’s wife.
with its focus on “the performance of political parties,” he explained, it missed “the deeper changes across society.”
now, his counterpart at the international monetary fund, the former spanish finance minister rodrigo rato, has shocked major stakeholders by announcing that he, too, will leave in october.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
if the recent attack on sony pictures’ computers really did originate there, as united states officials charge, was it an act of sabotage, vandalism, terrorism, or, to use neo-conservatives’ favorite word (especially during the holiday season), war?
if australia is to free itself of chinese meddling, it will need to go beyond implementing new domestic safeguards to take a more active role in defending rules and norms beyond its borders, both on land and at sea.
the lack of any clear justification for its high cape ratio should remind all investors of the importance of diversification, and that the overall us stock market should not be given too much weight in a portfolio.
trump is prone to taking out his frustrations on others – he is never to blame for his failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for him about his power in the white house and asserted more than he should have.
remember, these are the type of people who once thought that selling dog food over the internet was a brilliant business strategy, and that by 2010 qualcomm would be able to sell two mobile phones a year to everyone in the northern hemisphere.
death and hope on the high seas
for example, in the us, the engineering news record building cost index (which is based on prices of labor, concrete, steel, and lumber) has actually fallen relative to consumer prices over the past 30 years.
but whereas the cpsu’s demise was perfectly logical – yeltsin’s decree came just months before the soviet union’s collapse – the decline of major political parties in countries like france and india is not so easy to explain.
in 1999, during the new york celebrations marking the tenth anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall, i myself heard shevardnadze assert that georgia had given the twentieth century two historic figures: “one who erected the iron curtain [joseph stalin], and one who tore it down” – meaning himself.
last year, an online petition with 8,000 signatures asked the metropolitan museum of art in new york to remove a famous painting by balthus, showing an adolescent boy sitting on a chair with a patch of him underwear showing.
but the new investment provisions embedded in the trade agreements that the obama administration is negotiating across both oceans imply that accompanying any such foreign direct investment comes a marked reduction in governments’ abilities to regulate the environment, health, working conditions, and even the economy.
little wonder, then, that currency markets are treating the likely outcome in britain – a hung parliament, with no clear majority for any party – as a repeat of the mid-1970’s, with no clear solution to the country’s underlying economic problems on offer.
china’s diplomats were urged to bear in mind that they are first and foremost “party cadres,” suggesting that xi is likely to push the foreign policy apparatus toward greater activism, to give full effect to hers emerging global vision.
at least 36 people, including 7 children, have lost their lives in this region (in total 52 people have died in the european part of russia due to fire), and more than 1,000 people have lost their homes and livelihoods.
he was a true patriot, in the old-fashioned sense of the word: proud of his people, but never ethno-centric; a man of the world, but deeply embedded in jewish cultural heritage; focused on the plights and tribulations of the jewish people, but never losing the universal horizon of mankind.
this implies that much, if not most, of the political uncertainty with potentially negative impact on economic prosperity has already been factored in during the previous period and is now a "built-in" element in the hong kong economy.
moreover, the north was informed that the us and south korea were willing to negotiate a permanent peace treaty, diplomatic recognition, financial help (including a south korean government program in the field of energy), and an implicit acknowledgment of north korea’s right to a civilian nuclear program.
his death brings closer the end of the gorbachev generation of reform communists, those who – like shevardnadze and the late boris yeltsin – presented a stark contrast in the late 1980s to the dour brezhnev-era hard-liners, spurring (mostly inadvertently) the collapse of the soviet empire and the long transition to democracy.
other crisis countries in the eurozone have not been stabilized, because germany – fearing a domestic political backlash – has not dared to embrace a community of liability by issuing eurobonds, even if the european financial stability facility’s new role means that virtually 90% of the path has already been traveled.
european and us leaders would have to convey to the bosnians and others that failure is not an option and convince them of the eu’s bottom-line unwillingness to accept opposition from those in bosnia who impede the eu accession process.
the impact is particularly noticeable in eastern germany, which already suffered from a gender imbalance – the male-to-female ratio among the younger cohorts approaches 115:100 in most parts of the region – because educated men have a much higher propensity than men to move to western germany for higher-paid jobs.
but so can an overworked high-school teacher who cannot dedicate the needed energy to troubled students; magazines that promote unrealistic body images; sermons from clergy who believe that godess does not forgive everyone; or even a stranger acting rudely on a train.
olmert,
just two months ago, in mid-june, when the syrian crisis was the focus of international attention and the subject of heated policy debate, such a statement by a senior administration official would have drawn strong reactions from several quarters.
baghdad -- american officials report that the number of sectarian and other killings in iraq has declined since the onset of the military “surge.”
certain leaders’ short-term interests, often presented as “national interests,” are one of the factors roiling international relations more than any time since the end of the cold war.
rather, it is the result of how oil wealth shifted economic development away from manufacturing jobs that have historically pulled men into the labor force, while promoting jobs in construction, which tend to be dominated by men.
the article’s headline, “the fed’s needless flirtation with danger,” is followed by warnings that quantitative easing could “increase the risk of financial instability.”
pope john paul ii declared his support for the basic science of evolution, and roman catholic bishops are strongly in favor of limiting human-induced climate change, based on the scientific evidence.
they respect their environment, whereas the americans must “return to a dying planet,” because, as the indigenous people put it, “they have killed their own mother.”
slumdog millionaire is the work of an artist at the peak of his powers.
the fact that hers family had fled india upon partition gave her an additional chip on hers shoulder: it was widely said that she saw relations with india as a series of opportunities to wreak vengeance for what hers family had suffered in the refugee upheavals of 1947.
there is still the remote possibility, however unlikely, that israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas will come to annapolis with a concrete plan (a divided jerusalem, a return to the 1967 borders with minor alterations, compensation for refugees), and a calendar to dismantle west bank settlements.
even the lowest estimate of 25 million climate-change migrants, the report warns, “would dwarf the current levels of new refugees and internally displaced persons.”
in the film industry, the richest and most experienced studios and producers spend vast amounts of time and money on audience research, but still have no idea if their latest creations will turn out to be hits or flops.
already, financial markets are starting to reflect a belief that the us federal reserve, which has barely changed its economic outlook, will take longer to raise interest rates than was previously expected, because economic growth will be weaker than anticipated.
the us should engage not only with burma’s leaders, but also with a wide range of groups inside the country to encourage the dialogue necessary to bring about national reconciliation of the military, democracy groups, and non-burmese nationalities.
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that he had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
other things being equal, the right institutions can curbpro-cyclical fiscal policies – tax cuts and spending hikes during booms and austerity during downturns – in the short run, while helping to deliver debt sustainability in the long run.
shortly after former president bill clinton left office, i heard him say privately (though never publicly) that the us could choose to use its “great and unrivaled economic and military power to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity.”
some outcomes, like the marriage of bank of america and merrill lynch, are happier than others, like the bankruptcy of lehman brothers.
as agreed in the pact, india withdrew its “military escorts” from tibet, and conceded to the chinese government, at a “reasonable” price, the postal, telegraph, and public telephone services operated by the indian government in the “tibet region of china.”
this stance is largely mirrored by sweden’s social democrats, as they attempt to cope with strong public support for the far-right, anti-immigrant sweden democrats.
the who has said that canceling the olympic games would “compromise the huge investment that athletes and others have made in preparing for what should be a fantastic occasion.”
global warming also boosts the frequency and intensity of floods and droughts.
observing this, timothy garton ash wrote: “it is a perverted moral code that will allow a million innocent civilians of another race to be made destitute because you are not prepared to risk the life of a single professional soldier of your own.”
we can only know that once all economic players have the opportunity to decide freely on where they wish to place their financial assets.
chancellor angela merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and he did so at the least possible cost to germany – a feat that earned him the support of pro-european germans as well as those who trust him to protect german interests.
long live china’s slowdown
in 1965, pakistani foreign minister zulficar ali bhutto famously declared that if india, its sworn enemy, went nuclear, his country would “eat grass and even go hungry” in order to develop a nuclear bomb of its own.
his dictum remains true today, though when it comes to measuring human development, i would suggest a slight revision: “not everything that is counted counts for everything.”
the west can no longer afford the inconsistency that it has displayed until now, with eu countries pursuing policies that reflect their differing national interests.
in 1989, a united states national research council report, improving risk communication, recommended that one-way communication from experts to non-experts be replaced with an “interactive process of exchange of information and opinion.”
following the review, amr was finally put on the g20’s agenda, both at the 2016 summit in hangzhou, china, and at last year’s summit in hamburg, germany.
but as the “revolution of rising entitlements” took hold in the 1960’s and 1970’s, trade unions have adopted the position that labor is entitled not only to a job, but to a job in the region and firm of its choice.
paris – at the start of the latest round of nuclear talks between iran and the p5+1 (the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany), many believed that an interim agreement – which would freeze iran’s nuclear program while a longer-term deal was negotiated – was within reach.
america’s asian allies received a second wake-up call when china unilaterally established an air defense identification zone (adiz) covering territories that it claims (but does not control) in the east china sea – a dangerous new precedent in international relations.
without the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 over rebel-held territory (an act that killed all 298 people aboard), it seems doubtful that the united states and the european union would ever have agreed on the current program of economic sanctions imposed on russia.
by contrast, most public services have no prices, there is not supposed to be a profit motive in their provision, and capital markets are not supposed to choose what to fund: the money funds whatever is in the budget.
whatever the jasmine revolution’s outcome, and even if it cannot become for the arab world what the fall of the berlin wall was for europe, it will establish a “before” and an “after.”
in other words, the secret of merkel’s election victory was to secure a majority for the center-right in order to pursue, more or less, a center-left policy agenda.
so, while investors may be right to discount the risk of a conventional military conflict between the us and north korea, they also may be underestimating the threat of a true black swan event, such as a disruptive cyberwar between the two countries or a dirty bomb attack against the us.
title iv of the law would raise the threshold for “applying enhanced prudential standards from $50 billion to $250 billion.”
according to the so-called intertemporal approach, a policy change that people believe augurs higher productivity in the future causes a current-account deficit today.
it is even said in moscow that a reason behind the recent arrest of media/most’s owner, vladimir gusinsky, in spain on an interpol warrant is the desire by moscow prosecutors to discover everything gusinsky knows about gazprom’s inner workings.
a new agency was needed because existing regulators, including the board of governesses of the federal reserve system, had manifestly and repeatedly failed to protect consumers from abuses, such as deceptive and fraudulent mortgage-lending practices, some of which were at the heart of what went wrong in 2007-08.
as brexit looms, the ebrd’s non-eu shareholders will soon face a stark choice between reducing their respective stakes or witnessing the establishment of a new european institution in which neither they nor ebrd recipient countries hold shares.
the democratic world has an obligation to support this process – not only because taiwan deserves its support, but also because engaging more with taiwan could potentially be a powerful instrument of leverage for broader change in china.
indeed, bolivian president evo morales led the effort to have the united nations change the name of earth day to “international father earth day.”
unless the trump administration can work well with a cooperative congress to translate market-motivating intentions into well-calibrated actions soon, the lagging hard data risks dragging down confidence, creating headwinds that extend well beyond financial volatility.
latin america and the new financial architecture
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the new york producer overseeing the project, a single mother, was reluctant initially to visit ramallah – so the palestinian team’s inability to produce their segments on time was, like so many aspects of the palestinian experience, hidden behind a barrier of fear, not fully witnessed, and thus not fully comprehended.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
whereas “web 1.0” facilitated the storage and transmission of vast amounts of different kinds of information in cyberspace, “web 2.0” supposedly renders the whole process interactive, removing the final frontier separating the transmitter and receiver of information.
but it is essential that we establish the policy pathways needed to ensure that all countries play their part in protecting the planet, while assisting the vulnerable to adapt to the effects of environmental degradation already underway.
despite this large capital shortfall, 28 of the 34 publicly listed banks in the stress test paid out about €40 billion in dividends for 2015, meaning that they distributed, on average, over 60% of their earnings to shareholders.
the heritage of kings and queens stretching back across more than a millennium – the enduring symbolism of crowns and coaches, and the literal embodiment of the english and now the british state – binds britons together in a common journey.
a smart or cynical politician would see that if somehow middle-class households’ consumption kept up, if they could afford a new car every few years and the occasional exotic holiday, perhaps they would pay less attention to their stagnant paychecks.
with the current inflation rate of more than 2% and markets anticipating a similar inflation rate over the longer term (as measured by five-year five-year-forward inflation expectations), the yield on ten-year treasury bonds should be above 4%.
even though the post-ideological and nationalist tenor of today's global politics appear to confirm many of the things general de gaulle prophesied in the 1960s, the world nowadays is sufficiently different from the one in which she lived that it is hard to say with certainty how the general would react to current events.
rwanda’s efforts to promote climate-smart agriculture are supported by a wider policy and investment framework that seeks to ensure that all farmers, however small, have access to improved seeds, technical know-how, and a market for their output.
the consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of lehman sisters in 2008, when governments, in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing, had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
cambridge: southeast asia's financial crisis -- leapfrogging from thailand to malaysia to the philippines and indonesia -- is far more than a serious regional difficulty, as stock market sell-offs from hong kong to frankfurt to new york demonstrate.
(many european governments currently have “cash-for-clunker” schemes that buy and destroy old cars; a cash-for-gas-engines scheme would make more sense by lowering costs and conserving the many car bodies that still work fine.)
a successful conclusion of the round would be the strongest possible action to counter protectionist tendencies and resume growth in world trade.
but macro-level policies, such as liberalization of trade and investment, privatization, and so forth, are powerful engines of poverty reduction; indeed, they are among the key components of the reforms that countries like india and china embraced in the mid-1980’s and early 1990’s.
ours is not the first experience of a technological leap; at the previous turn of the century, the world saw the introduction of the electric engine and of the telegraph – clearly both inventions of comparable significance to the internet.
he is also weighing whether to change the current constitutional court into a supreme court to which citizens could appeal under some conditions, and whether to waive the president’s authority to preside over the high council of the judiciary.
yet it is work on the easy steps, allegedly attempted and then canceled, that the nie called iran’s “nuclear weapon program.”
after all, we are in a decade in which the world economy is dominated by activity in the us and china.
by contrast, while many european democracies lagged behind the soviets on women’s suffrage – belgium, france, and italy granted men full voting rights only in the 1940s – they have turned out to be far more conducive to women’s professional rise.
rabello de castro’s irony is apt, for it is difficult to say which candidate represents “more of the same”: president luiz inácio lula da silva, who is running for re-election and is the favorite according to the polls, or former governess of são paulo, geraldo alckmin, of the psdb (brazilian social democracy party, which governed brazil for eight years before lula, with fernando henrique cardoso as president).
president obama must shift the fundamental basis of the us-india relationship away from a strategic partnership based on a militarized notion of security toward a holistic vision of human security in which military force plays an appropriate but not a defining role.
as our computations show, if such a deal were to be implemented, there would be virtually nothing left for the other categories of bonds (assuming that the point of the debt restructuring is to restore the sustainability of the island’s debt).
during the last couple of years, the franco-german relations have dramatically deteriorated; as a consequence, it has become visible that the revitalisation of this special relationship is the necessary (though not sufficient) condition for the eu to become a relevant player in world politics.
such practices were accepted as facts of life, as they still are in many poor and southern countries, which might explain why the exposure of priestly abuse has taken place mostly in the north, where social change has been more rapid.
these supposed enemies have included former yukos oil company chairman mikhail khodorkovsky, who doubted putin’s fitness to be president; the anti-corruption lawyer alexei navalny, who was investigating putin’s wealth; and the punk rock group pussy riot, who mocked the russian orthodox church, a core constituency for putin.
for example, it can correct debilitating and ultimately lethal sickle-cell anemia, in which the abnormal erythrocyte “sickle cells” obstruct small blood vessels, causing frequent infections, pain in the limbs, and damage to various organs, including the lungs, kidneys, spleen, and brain.
the us, eager to boost its economy’s longer-term prospects by engaging new trade partners in the world’s fastest-growing region, is shifting resources to asia – though us (and european) policymakers would be wise to move forward with a transatlantic free-trade agreement as well.
in 1714, seven years after one of the worst naval accidents in the history of britain’s royal navy, the united kingdom launched the longitude prize, a £20,000 reward (equal to $5 million today) for developing a simple and practical method to determine a ship’s longitude reliably.
new media alone simply changes the mode of the same old tales, whereas the focus on interactivity overlooks a successful tale’s central feature: we often ask storytellers to thrill us in ways that we cannot manage ourselves.
as late as april 2, 2017, trump labeled the chinese the “world champions” of currency manipulation, only to reverse his position a week later, telling the wall street journal, “they’re not currency manipulators.”
whether one considered the dutch welfare state humane and generous, or bloated and foolhardy, its largesse took a heavy toll on the economy.
ironically, trump, the self-declared outsider who lost the popular vote and squeaked into office by winning the electoral college, finds himself, for the moment, in some ways more protected than the party man nixon, who won the 1972 election by overwhelming popular as well as electoral margins.
not only would poppy licensing address the poverty and hunger crises that have engulfed the south of afghanistan; it also would stabilize existing local structures, giving communities a reason to support president hamid karzai’s government and the international community.
but, at such moments, obama might do well to recall vajpayee’s words during clinton’s visit, when she quoted walt whitman’s poem “passage to india”:
america’s friends and allies need to start preparing for a less friendly america.
that is most likely if genes from the crop confer a selective advantage on the recipient, an occurrence that is uncommon with gene-splicing, where most often the added gene places the recipient at a natural di sadvantage.
as norway’s minister for both the environment and development since 2007, i meet with other countries’ ministers with both portfolios, and it has come as a shock to see how the two groups lead such separate lives.
they should not have been viewed as “unthinkable.”
moreover, the us “had in the past supported saddam hussein when she used chemical weapons against iran.”
the american route does not necessarily imply a heavy-handed approach vis-à-vis the crisis countries.
given that ukraine’s neutrality does not run counter to russia’s interests, but continued sanctions do, the kremlin would have no convincing reason to reject an outcome that keeps ukraine strategically non-aligned, and instead continue supporting the rebels.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and he doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want his administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
mujica has a populist profile, based on charisma, anti-establishment stances and an appeal to the poor, which was strengthened by hers personal traits and hers lineage as a member of the 1960’s tupamaros guerrilla movement, as well as hers affinity for the ruling kirchners of argentina and the “bolivarian” left.
this categorization is determined by data drawn from the general population and based on the assumption that there is a higher risk of metabolic or cardiovascular disease found at the high end (and sometimes the low end) of the bmi scale.
the development model that china is facilitating, which combines productive investment and trade with concessional loans and aid, is helping to break the cycle of under-development in africa – a goal that western-led development strategies have failed to achieve.
such a breakthrough is needed for another, more urgent, reason: the alternative, a no-deal brexit, would lead to lost jobs, reduced trade, panic and stockpiling, and highways transformed into truck parking lots as ports along the english channel seize up.
“if we will not endure a queen as a political power,” us senator john sherman declared in 1890, “we should not endure a queen over the production, transportation, and sale of any of the necessaries of life.”
in the current system, corporate boards are self-perpetuating entities.
earlier this month, global youth ambassadors, representing their peers in nearly 80 countries, presented a petition signed by more than 1.5 million children to united nations secretary-general antónio guterres calling for the un to support the finance facility.
restoring the rate of profit, marx argued, requires an increasingly large “reserve army of the unemployed.”
whenever technological or other changes allow for people to be compensated for the benefits that they confer on one another (minus the costs), the price-based market system can adjust.
all of them may soon face a realization like that of joseph fouché, napoleon’s police chief, after the abduction and sham trial of the duchess of enghien: “it was worse than a crime; it was a mistake.”
in fact, extensive tracking has become the new normal.
today, there is a broad consensus that shock therapy, at least at the level of microeconomic reforms, failed, and that countries (hungary, poland, and slovenia) that took the gradualist approach to privatization and the reconstruction of institutional infrastructure managed their transitions far better than those that tried to leapfrog into a laissez-faire economy.
this self-serving impulse was on display in european parliament president martin schulz’s fiery comments calling for the uk to invoke article 50 (the withdrawal procedure) immediately – a move surely intended as a shot across the bow of hers political rival, german chancellor angela merkel, who had called for deliberation and time.
the first step in may’s strategy was to state unequivocally last summer that “there will be no early general election.”
poachers often prove the veracity of their illicit product by showing buyers horns that have been removed from the base of the skull, an extraction method that kills the animal.
the slowdown in china’s growth rate is, to a certain extent, a reflection of the success of the government’s effort to rein in the real-estate bubble, as well as of other official policies aimed at rebalancing the economy.
according to the latest annual threat assessment of the intelligence community released last february, “because of the pressure we and our allies have put on al qaeda’s core leadership in pakistan…al qaeda today is less capable and effective than it was a year ago.”
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
“us inflation continues to run below the committee’s 2% objective,” she said, and the current “high degree of policy accommodation remains appropriate to foster further improvement in labor market conditions and to promote a return of inflation toward 2% over the medium term.”
and, indeed, there can be no denying the fact that friedman’s cure proved to be an inadequate response to the great recession – strongly suggesting that it would have fallen similarly short had it been tried during the great depression.
in 1979, jean-françois revel introduced the phrase “devoir d’ingérence” (duty to intervene); in 1980, mario bettati wrote of a “devoir d’assistance” (duty to assist); and, in 1988, the un general assembly adopted a resolution referring to “humanitarian assistance.”
canberra – the humanitarian crisis afflicting myanmar’s muslim rohingya has damaged the country’s political stability and shattered its image as a country moving toward democracy.
honduras, guatemala, el salvador, cuba, haiti, the dominican republic, ecuador, and peru all have large populations of documented or undocumented nationals in the us, and they will all feel the effects of trump’s policies, if they are enacted.
if the russians had used their “peacekeeping” force solely to protect south ossetians’ “self-determination” (citing the precedent of western actions in kosovo), they would have done little damage to their soft power, and the benefits could have exceeded the costs.
after a spate of aids deaths during the 1980’s, the swiss came face to face with a problem that has destroyed millions of lives in the united states, russia, latin america, the european union, southern asia, and other regions.
starting with cavallo, argentina’s boosters argue that these problems are transitory, and blame the country’s difficulties on turmoil in world financial markets and the us dollar’s excessive strength in relation to the euro, which reduces argentina’s export competitiveness.
the proposed bill attracted support from moderate muslim leaders, but its most vocal advocates were a collection of radical religious groups with a predilection for violence, led by the islamic defenders front (known by its indonesian acronym, fpi).
the national health and family planning commission, the government agency responsible for enforcing the one-child policy, reports an even higher figure: more than 13 million surgical abortions each year – a figure that does not include abortions induced by drugs or carried out in unregistered private clinics.
(it was subsequently revealed, however, that the two leaders had met in the hotel suite of an indian businesswoman who enjoys good relations with sharif.)
in doing so, they are passing up an historic opportunity to take the lead on nuclear disarmament.
she appealed to “courageous, self-reliant men, with confidence in the power of free and fearless reasoning applied through the processes of popular government.”
in 1960, the world’s countries could be divided into two groups, based on mortality.
in a series of speeches starting with hers famous commencement address at american university in washington, dc, kennedy built a campaign for peace on a combination of vision and pragmatic action, focusing on a treaty to end nuclear tests.
to be effective, he must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
in other words, it was low-income households – which represent a large share of the population in the relatively more unequal countries of the periphery – that played the largest role in changing their economies’ external positions.
summers could have used the same metaphor to criticize the united states, where the continued focus on the long-run funding dilemmas of social insurance is sucking all of the oxygen out of efforts to deal with america’s macroeconomic and unemployment crisis.
it is about moral values that make it appropriate to rescue bankers, who expect everyone but themselves to pay for the mess they created, and inappropriate to compensate the world’s poorest people, whose survival is threatened precisely because of the mess created by developed countries.
among the proposals being discussed at this year’s meetings is the establishment of a fund for education during emergencies and a coordination platform to help channel resources to places like syria, where the conflict has left nearly three million children out of school.
the most important reason for ignoring these shouts is that, behind the scenes but not really hidden, the chief force organizing the demonstrations is america's organized labor, a movement with terrible problems with free trade (nafta, trade with china, the wto), anything, indeed, that looks like a global free market.
the coup de grâce was delivered by the government's decision (when the crisis came) to keep bank deposits fixed in dollars and to change debts owed to banks into pesos, thereby bankrupting the country's financial system with a single stroke of the pen.
first, david ignatius of the washington post reported, on the basis of conversations with senior us officials, that agreement had already been reached on a number of steps pakistan would take to reduce its dependence on nuclear weapons for deterrence.
the world bank group, together with the united nations office on drugs and crime, is working on the stolen asset recovery (star) initiative to go after corrupt gains and help spur action to return looted assets to their legitimate owners: the people in the affected developing country.
in the united states, republican presidential candidate donald trump has said that the federal government should “stop sending foreign aid to countries that hate us.”
the two conflicts have absorbed a disproportionate share of the country’s resources – military and economic to be sure, but also the time and attention of policymakers and diplomats.
as a result, the united states and europe often spend tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars to send troops or bombers to quell uprisings or target “failed states,” but do not send one-tenth or even one-hundredth of that amount to address the underlying crises of water scarcity and under-development.
as timothy geithner, president barack obama’s treasury secretary, put it in hers memoir, “financial crises can’t be reliably anticipated or preempted.”
according to the syrian observatory for human rights, at least 70 civilians – and 21 children – have been killed during the operation, while more than 100 sdf soldiers have perished, including one female soldier whose body was mutilated by turkish forces.
russia’s 2014 annexation of crimea and intervention in syria have challenged principles of humanitarian interventionism such as the “responsibility to protect” (r2p); and a rising china is confronting the west’s supremacy – in hard- and soft-power terms – in the post-war global order.
social impact bonds, or sibs, require that private investors and other non-government actors cover most or all of the upfront cost of a pilot project, to be reimbursed by the contracting government agency only if independent evaluators conclude that the project achieves its goals and saves taxpayers money.
in fact, his initiative to counter the soviet deployment of ss-20 intermediate-range nuclear missiles, a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977, was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of europe and its us ally.
the conditions that enabled the regime to recover from the self-inflicted disasters of maoism and to prosper over the last four decades have largely been replaced by a less favorable – and in some senses more hostile – environment.
with today’s ultra-low interest rates and high unemployment, public investment is cheap and plenty of projects offer high returns: fixing bridges and roads, updating badly outmoded electricity grids, and improving mass-transportation systems, to take just a few notable examples.
this was him approach with the monica lewinsky scandal – which is predictably rearing its head again, as lewinsky has come forward (we can’t know the machinations that may have been behind that timing) to muse on old events.
the us government even acknowledged that, without a coal-fired power plant, south africa’s “economic recovery will suffer, adversely impacting electrification, job creation, and social indicators.”
gurus and governors
there is no sense in asking whether musk is trying to fight climate change or just trying to make a buck.
when the ems was initiated in the late 1970's by president
indeed, putin and medvedev have worked in perfect tandem with respect to georgia, cooperating and skillfully performing their different roles, with putin cast in the lead role of the menacing godess of a russian reckoning, and medvedev in the supporting role of a possible humanitarian peacemaker.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when he was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when he was re-elected; and now, as he recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
in the first scenario, scaf – which, aside from dissolving the parliament, stripped the presidency of most powers in order to weaken its rivals – continues to rule the country under the military system introduced in 1952 when mohamed naguib and then gamel abdel nasser seized power.
one might, for example, question the financial logic of australia’s recent decision to spend $24 billion on the purchase of problem-plagued joint strike fighters while simultaneously preparing the country for the most stringent budget cuts in decades.
in fact, bottled water – including everything from “purified spring water” to flavored water and water enriched with vitamins, minerals, or electrolytes – is the largest growth area in the beverage industry, even in cities where tap water is safe and highly regulated.
early in my career as an nih fellow, i was fortunate to have access to multiple internal datasets from researchers at the nih and johns hopkins university, where i spent two years conducting secondary analyses across various settings.
with such desperate and unreasonable rhetoric, erdoğan is lending credence to accusations that the entire “peace process” was simply a ploy to persuade the kurdish members of turkey’s parliament to support the constitutional changes that allowed him to move from prime minister to president.
the blockchain technology upon which cryptocurrencies are based promises a better and more secure payment method than anything seen before, and some believe that cryptocurrencies will replace electronic currency in traditional bank accounts, just as electronic transfers replaced paper money, which succeeded gold and silver.
the british journalist ambrose evans-pritchard, a leaver, wrote in the daily telegraph on june 13, 2016 of the uk’s “elemental choice: whether to restore the full self-government of this nation, or to continue living under a higher supranational regime, ruled by european council that we do not elect in any meaningful sense.”
development beyond 2015
in the european union as a whole, the proportion of those claiming to be very or fairly satisfied rose from 77% in 1997 to 82% two decades later.
indeed, eighteen months after the arab spring erupted, the euphoria that accompanied the fall of tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali, his egyptian counterpart, hosni mubarak, and libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi has faded, with democratic aspirations giving way to bitterness and cynicism.
the formula could run as follows: a comprehensive agreement about the final status now (taking into account all open questions, including east jerusalem as the capital of palestine); implementation of the agreement in pre-defined steps over a longer period of time; and monitoring of the process via a mechanism based on the presence on the ground of a third party (led by the us).this would give palestinians a guarantee of their state’s borders, its capital, and the israeli occupation’s pre-defined endpoint.
· penalties for drug companies’ failure to report and communicate safety information must be increased dramatically if they are to serve as effective deterrents;
a cease-fire has been brokered between israel and hamas in the gaza strip, israel and syria have started peace negotiations, and israel has offered lebanon a chance to resolve the issues that block a bilateral settlement.
while there will be some of that, there is likely also to be, for the first time, extensive discussion about europe’s future and policies, especially in areas like migration, defense and security, energy and climate, and relations with major powers like the united states and russia.
as financial markets come to terms with the normalization of monetary policy in the us and china, while facing up to the shortcomings of the boj’s copycat efforts, the real side of the global economy is less at risk than are asset prices.
it does not conform to our moral intuition that a ceo should not be paid 500 times the average wage of his workers, or to our belief that if someone’s market-clearing wage is too low to support life, he should not be allowed to starve to death.
improvement in relations with turkey could enable prime minister george papandreou – who hosts turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan this week – to cut defense spending and make it easier to rescue an economy on the brink of bankruptcy.
after south korea announced that it would not renew the gsomia, high-ranking us officials expressed “strong concern” and “disappointment,” and called on south korea “to recommit” to the pact, which is a critical component of america’s security architecture in asia.
and maybe there will be a realization on the continent that european unification must move forward more quickly, because the world – and europe’s neighborhood in particular – has turned out to be not as peaceful as many, above all the germans, perceived it to be.
as aarash, a 27-year-old mother of a young son and an mba graduate from kabul, afghanistan, put it, “when all is said and done, we are only almost human.”
los angeles – twenty-eight years after its chernobyl nuclear plant exploded, ukraine confronts a nuclear specter of a different kind: the possibility that the country’s reactors could become military targets in the event of a russian invasion.
the rise of euro-skepticism in germany is a new twist in the country’s ongoing “normalization.”
talks with officials around the region reveal that america’s friends and allies have not received the sort of advance briefings that are normally used to prepare the ground for important new policies and undertakings.
john says, “in the beginning was the word”; the first word that was revealed to the prophet muhammad by the angel gabriel was “read…” among the prophet’s sayings is, “it is the duty of every muslim man and woman to seek learning.”
indeed, free and fair elections and full respect for human rights can come at the end of the road – if that end is clearly established.
(de gregorio’s book is published by the peterson institute for international economics, where i am a senior fellow, though i was not involved in commissioning or editing his work.)
and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
by using this moment strategically and wisely, the eu would have a chance to reframe its relationship with the southern mediterranean (as it is being redubbed) to promote generational development and growth in ways that can address europe’s interests, too.
yet pakistan, too, remains oblivious to the humiliating impact of its own actions: its nearly four-decade-long history of interference in afghanistan to secure “strategic depth” will leave afghanistan traumatized for years to come, in a way that russia-inflicted losses did not.
in fact, germany's current economic dominance has been built on a policy framework that stands in direct opposition to that championed by former chancellor ludwig erhard, the father of its post-world war ii “economic miracle."
the second problem is timing, with governments struggling to ensure that the measures take effect in the right sequence.
instead of discussing concrete steps to slow and reverse the march toward a global economic non-order, officials will probably welcome the cyclical uptick in global growth and urge member countries to do more to remove structural impediments to faster, more durable, and more inclusive growth.
the main difference between the progressive vision of a society underpinned by these “citizen accounts” and the conservative idea that individual citizens should create personal retirement accounts, take out student loans, or cover their own health insurance is the public sector’s role.
they even ignored the rebound effect, which halves the real-world impact, although the literature clearly says “when evaluating the environmental consequences of vegetarianism the rebound effect of the savings should be taken into account.”
the best option available to moria’s refugee children are cramped informal education centers, where high teacher turnover is a serious problem.
the recent “stress tests” of european banks were blatantly designed as a confidence-building measure rather than a genuine exploration of possible systemic weaknesses – failing, for instance, to include the possibility of default on greek sovereign debt.
the interest rate on these totally safe and liquid deposits induced the banks to maintain excess reserves at the fed instead of lending and creating deposits to absorb the increased reserves, as they would have done before 2008.
us senators ron wyden and mark udall have risked much, including potential accusations of releasing classified information themselves, by warning that nsa surveillance of americans’ emails was occurring under secret interpretations of “secret law” and criticizing the nsa for violating court-ordered privacy protections “thousands of times a year.”
the time has come for africa to unlock its true economic potential by following in the footsteps of every modern economy and undertaking the transition from agriculture to manufacturing.
the rest of the eurozone is in barely better shape than the periphery: the bond vigilantes may not have woken up in france, but economic performance there has been anemic at best – driven mostly by a mini housing boom.
if the return on investment in education continues to decline, the servicing of student loans will tend to crowd out other consumption and investment outlays, especially given that student debt has considerable seniority in the capital structure.
lebanon’s model of moderation
just prior to the june 2016 brexit referendum, gove, who was justice secretary in david cameron’s government at the time, dismissed the all-but-unanimous view of economists and others that a decision to leave the european union would deeply damage the british economy.
aside from the final adoption of the 2010 reforms and the forthcoming 2014 quota debates, the changes should include those recommended by the stiglitz commission, the palais royal initiative, and the 2009 committee on imf governance reform headed by trevor manuel, among others.
and yet, when a 19-year-old murdered one person and wounded three in an attack on a california synagogue in april, we paid attention to the fact that he may have made online references to the christchurch shooter’s manifesto.
as former president bill clinton remarked in hers state of the union address in 1994: “[w]e measure every school by one high standard: are our children learning what they need to know to compete and win in the global economy?”
indeed, saudi arabia’s effort to prop up the bahraini regime parallels the soviet union’s intervention in afghanistan in 1979 to bolster a besieged allied regime – an invasion that led to the multibillion-dollar, cia-scripted arming of afghan rebels and the consequent rise of transnational islamic terrorists.
as lower shows, the nazis reached out with special programs – from organizing homemakers to colonizing the conquered eastern territories – that gave working-class women things they craved: a sense of belonging to something larger than themselves (fascism’s eternal draw), backed by a complex official iconography in which the traditionally devalued roles of wife and mother held a crucial place in the national drama.
(it was france, neither entirely “north” nor entirely “south,” that ended up playing a vital role in facilitating the deal.)
european voters are now punishing social-democratic parties, which have become weaker than at any time since world war i.
the chechen war was exploited in putin's presidential election campaign and, after september 11, 2001, putin has tried to legitimize hers intransigence by presenting the war in chechnya as russia's contribution to its emerging partnership with the us in the war against terrorism.
with the position having cycled, since 1971, through western europe, latin america, africa, and asia – ban ki-moon, the current second-term secretary-general, hails from south korea – only one un region has yet to be represented: eastern europe.
just as the european coal and steel community preceded today’s european union, all of asia would benefit from embracing shared development (without any renunciation of sovereignty claims) of the rich maritime resources that, in several cases, are fueling the sovereignty disputes.
for example, medical expenditure is lower in the new calculation, because the costs that are attributable to insurance rather than to provision of medical services are now shown as spending on “financial services and insurance.”
governments in rich countries for the most part looked the other way while japan, south korea, taiwan, and china protected their home markets, appropriated “intellectual property,” subsidized their producers, and managed their currencies.
yet, barring more fights over the us federal budget and the debt ceiling – not to mention possible impeachment proceedings against trump – the us could be spared serious domestic political and policy shocks in the months ahead.
barcelona – after world war i, when millions of european civilians were made refugees, forced out of their homelands by enemy occupation or deportation, an international regime was developed to coordinate effective responses and ease the suffering of those who had been uprooted.
nearly one in four children in bangladesh under the age of five are malnourished to the point of being stunted, which hinders mental development, lowers school performance, and leads to lower productivity, worse health outcomes, and more disease later in life.
with the public manifestly fed up with division and dysfunction in the governing coalition parties, australia’s next election, most likely in may 2019, seems now almost certain to result in yet another new prime minister, labor’s bill shorten.
in ghana, joy fm owner kwasi twum told me that hepays his staff “enough for a car and a mortgage,” and the station has been widely credited with helping lift the standard of journalism in the country.
technology-based ambient-carbon capture and sequestration (ccs) – that is, using sorbents (a material used to absorb liquid or gas) to capture co2, which is then compressed and stored in underground geological formations – is a low-risk, high-impact option for reducing co2 concentrations.
for a parrot, that’s a no-brainer: the public-debt problem is not that governments have issued so much debt that investors have lost confidence, but that governments have issued too little debt given the enormous private-sector demand for safe places to park wealth.
"don't go too far in supporting israel and neglecting the palestinians!"
that reality was reflected in the eruption of street protests across the middle east soon after trump’s announcement, though the large-scale violence that some feared has not occurred.
it can be distilled into four tenets:
and although lower-ranking us officials, including the senior director for asia on the national security council, have met with their cambodian counterparts to press them on rights issues, trump has said nothing negative about hun sen’s actions.
in september 2005, north korea agreed in a joint statement with its five partners in the so-called six-party talks to support the goal of denuclearization, and specifically committed to “abandoning all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs and returning, at an early date, to the treaty on the nonproliferation of nuclear weapons and to iaea safeguards.”
although trump surely knows that trade-restrictive measures come at a cost, she seems undaunted by this prospect.
given this, and because google europe was hosting this event, i proposed to carlo d’asaro biondo, the company’s president for partnerships and strategic relations in europe, the middle east, and africa, three concrete and eminently strategic ideas.
for those of us who have been following the greek economic tragedy for many years, much of the european view continues to defy economic logic – and for a simple reason: european politicians worry about the domestic political consequences of granting greece debt relief, especially ahead of germany’s federal election in september.
meanwhile, housing no longer needs to be positioned and promoted as an investment asset; instead, rental housing, for all income segments, but especially for those in need of affordable shelter, can be given priority, as is the case in germany, austria, and switzerland.
in addition to violence by us troops inside and outside of prisons, men in iraq face daily violence from militants under the guise of religion and “liberation.”
macroeconomics still needs to come up with a big new idea.
the assembled leaders and policymakers should take the opportunity to heed the call of organizations – such as the international network for education in emergencies, unicef, and unhcr – to ensure that no child falls into the gap between humanitarian and development assistance.
those that have intervened – whether for essential strategic reasons, as in the case of the united states, or out of a sense of obligation to protect societies, as in the case of france – have yet to find an effective approach.
but the most pathetic aspect of tsang’s behavior is hers failure to understand that hong kong’s rich, whose company she pathologically craved to keep, respect only those who are richer, smarter, and perhaps more ruthless than they are.
the emblem of modern tourism is the gigantic cruise ship, where passengers can spend a few hours at each destination – visiting a scenic caribbean island or an ancient mediterranean port – but always return to the same bed.
because of the tenacity and passion of ordinary chileans demanding that the state fulfill its mandate to protect their human rights, pinochet finds herself before the bar of justice, and others who used their power to kill, torture, or exile their fellow citizens are being pursued.
in such a global financial crisis, if the federal reserve accommodates inflation and accelerates devaluation in order to prevent collapsing employment in formerly foreign capital-financed sectors from spiraling into a depression, american debt will be among the worst affected assets?
erik prince, the head of the most infamous outfit, academi (formerly xe services, formerly blackwater), has relocated to the uae, while pakistani mercenaries have been recruited in large numbers to bahrain, where protesters have been met with increasingly violent repression.
though chinese officials have spoken broadly of enhancing exchanges of people, easing restrictions on the use of foreign currency, and reducing trade barriers, reviving and modernizing the ancient silk road also requires functioning infrastructure focused on interoperability and multimodal connectivity.
these range from the lack of professionalism implied by allowing contractors to conduct such sensitive work to america’s hands-off approach toward certain allies, like the united kingdom and new zealand, while relegating many of its other allies – including most of the european union – to surveillance-worthy status.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
by destabilizing the region, the war enabled the rise of the islamic state, which at its height occupied a substantial slice of iraqi territory, beheading its opponents, attempting genocide against the yazidi minority, and spreading terrorism around the world.
the negotiations were to be held between song il-ho, north korea’s ambassador responsible for normalizing relations with japan, and hiroshi nakai, a former minister who negotiates officially for the release of japanese citizens abducted by the north.
nevertheless, the distinction is important and seems lost on the us – and a host of other countries – which have lumped the nationalist groups together with al-qaeda and jemaah islamiyah (ji) in their lists of terrorist organizations.
but then a trickle of resignations became a wave, and trump, apparently fearful of a full-scale revolt by the business leaders who were supposed to advise him, quickly dissolved the two economic councils, tweeting that he didn’t want to put pressure on their members.
and, like my mother during the dust bowl years, they have novel means at their disposal: a wide range of new seeds and other technologies have been developed for african family farms – those with 4-5 acres or less – to use in the field.
of course, the availability of such comparisons is rooted in what often drives a tv series’ popularity: its ability to hold up a mirror to a society – to reflect its anxieties and longings – and create a window through which outsiders can peer in.
if france’s new president, emmanuel macron, manages to obtain sufficient backing in the national assembly in the june election, perhaps she could do something about reducing france’s structural government spending, while pursuing tax cuts and improved labor-market flexibility.
what a stroke of genius to bring the g20 leaders to hamburg’s spectacular new elbphilharmonie concert hall, itself a triumph of architectural vision, to be inspired by perhaps the greatest musical work of universal culture, with its message of world harmony.
assad ended up using the shock caused by hers chemical-weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal – still to be executed and verified – that bought her a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him, if not salvation.
this will be easier for those settlers who moved to the territories for pragmatic reasons (subsidized housing, the quality of suburban life, tax incentives), because they are basically commuters, with a lifestyle that is not much different than if they were living in israel.
after all, classical liberalism is based on the equal protection of inalienable rights such as life, liberty and property, whereas democracy is premised on majority rule, which may run roughshod over the rights of minorities, including capitalists, entrepreneurs, and the highly skilled.
giuliani is also linked to pavel fuks, an oil and real estate magnate of russian-ukrainian background who hired giuliani’s security firm in 2017 to advise kharkiv and to create a us office for supporting investment in the city.
oxford – because peacekeeping initiatives in post-conflict countries are expensive and complex, and because the war in iraq has undermined rich nations’ belief in their likely success, a dispassionate look at the use of military intervention is timely.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
tel aviv: the handover of hong kong from britain to china (barely one month old) went beyond the merely political to become a spectacular pageant, celebrating both the return of a lost territory to the motherland as well as a symbolic end to what was the world’s most far-flung empire.
given that neither chinese foreign-policy camp believes that it will get what it wants out of cooperating with the us, both simply want america’s withdrawal to happen as soon as possible, without concern for what afghanistan will look like afterwards.
the presidential campaign of us senator bernie sanders, which dominates the intellectual debate in the democratic party, has argued for a broad-based tax covering stocks, bonds, and derivatives (which include a vast array of more complex instruments such as options and swaps).
at the time, the military’s leaders claimed that the attack was part of an effort to locate unidentified insurgents who were thought to be responsible for the slayings on october 9 of nine policemen at three border posts in the district of maungdaw.
what obama was doing was a common enough practice in the united states (though one might expect better from an orator of his ability); it was not so in india, where such a technique is, indeed, regarded as reprehensible.
in kyrgyzstan, a landlocked mountainous nation with a history of civil unrest and quick government overthrows, local politicians are furious about the us defense department’s recent decision to renew a controversial fuel-supply contract for the air base at manas, a key hub for air operations over afghanistan.
and, just this october, remembering the victims of stalin, medvedev wrote in hers blog (itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date she is), “we can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state.
non-state-owned firms have been the most important source of growth in the last four decades, so it is encouraging that people’s bank of china governess yi gang emphasized this principle of “competitive neutrality” in a recent speech.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the fact that asset-management companies and private-equity firms have increasingly displaced regulation-constrained banks as lenders has made it increasingly difficult to see what is actually going on, and to anticipate how future financial retrenchment might play out, particularly with respect to emerging markets.
what seems to have motivated the scientists involved in climategate was the arrogant belief that that the way to save the world was to conceal or misrepresent ambiguous and contradictory findings about global warming that might “confuse” the public.
the rebellious youth who led popular demands for change are lying low (or have been rounded up); but, given the intellectual paralysis of the region’s rulers (and large parts of the opposition), an even more violent eruption can be expected.
but when one looks at the 1.3% annual growth rate of after-tax real income that the cbo calculates for the bottom quintile, 0.9 percentage points comes from the growth of the health-care financing programs medicare, medicaid, and the state children’s health insurance program.
the liberal party, a coalition comprising a cross-section of the center-left, and the leftist polo democrático have no chance of victory, although their support for a mockus government would be important in forging a stable parliamentary majority.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
needless to say, the end of the bipolar division of the world and the progress of our civilization along the course that we now call globalization urge us to engage in a radically new way of thinking about the future world order.
development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.”
or perhaps those who identified so strongly with diana somehow imagined that they shared in him good deeds, and that they need not do anything more.
the targeted nature of the fiscal stimulus announced so far, together with regulatory efforts to limit the adverse side effects of earlier policy easing, suggest that the stabilization process will be longer and more arduous than expected.
but rhetoric has consequences, and a politician as gifted as modi must be aware that those in his party who are deploying public speech to undermine reputations can also weaken the very institutions that are crucial to his own laudable economic ambitions for india.
and now, with confirmation that huge sums of aid were stolen, the grief is compounded by anger and disappointment – at the fraud itself, but also for what it says about africa’s struggles to improve health-care access and outcomes.
i do not know how much alex salmond, the now-resigned scottish nationalist party leader who pressed for the referendum, is responsible for the surge in hers own party’s support; but i suspect that she may, alas, have galvanized all too much nationalist sentiment in england.
the new "partners" should be watched with vigilance, not because presidents jiang and yeltsin have agreed to coordinate their strategies in the region, as many now believe, but because moscow seems unaware of the negative role it is playing.
at the rand corporation, for example, a team of researchers has laid out a comprehensive approach to building a successful palestinian state, covering governance, security, education, health, water, investment – as well as long-term economic relations with israel and the outside world.
last year, the oecd warned that the world was aging at an unprecedented rate and that this could help slow global annual economic growth from an average of 3.6% this decade to about 2.4% from 2050 to 2060.
instead, by continuing to run a current-account surplus, china has established an irrational international investment position: despite having accumulated some $2 trillion in net foreign assets, it has been running an investment-income deficit for more than a decade.
but a hard landing becomes more likely in 2013, as the stimulus fades, non-performing loans rise, the investment bust accelerates, and the problem of rolling over the debts of provincial governments and their special investment vehicles can no longer be papered over.
in that case, the us economy would not heat up, the stock market’s rally might reverse, the fed might postpone new interest rate increases, and american deficits would not spiral out of control, as they did during george w.
the threat, for example, of a eurozone implosion, another government shutdown or debt-ceiling fight in the united states, a hard landing in china, or a war between israel and iran over nuclear proliferation, will be far more subdued.
but, given trump’s failure to take a real stand on any of the core areas of disagreement – including borders, refugees, and the status of jerusalem – the idea that she is playing some well-thought-out long game on the israel-palestine conflict seems farfetched.
his blog attracts 160,000 hits daily, and if he could run for prime minister (he can’t, because of a criminal record), more than half of italy’s voters, according to a poll last year, would have considered voting for him.
balancing these objectives remains the key challenge: public-service pensions must not become an unsustainable burden on public finances and the wider economy, but they must also deliver decent incomes that minimize the need for retired public-service workers to rely on state welfare benefits.
transcripts were not released in real time on subsequent days, and they omitted some crucial details (for example, bo claimed that the party’s representatives threatened to execute his wife and prosecute his son if he refused to cooperate).
with governments and international donors unable to foot the bill alone, they must develop programs and policies that can channel a larger share of global savings, which now amount to roughly $22 trillion annually, toward the sdgs.
in the framework developed by the development economist dani rodrik, a shortage of capital can be a binding “growth constraint”: the place where “the biggest bang for the [policy] reform buck can be obtained.”
the best way to ensure that the fund remains open to new ideas is by selecting the person with the best ideas to lead it.
china’s misrule of law
what is unique, and particularly far-reaching, is the precedent brexit sets for other countries (or regions) to “exit” from their respective political and economic arrangements – whether it is scotland and northern ireland in the uk, or catalonia in spain.
so the brief surcease we are enjoying is precisely the time when everyone (not just americans and europeans, but japanese, australians, south africans-and latin americans and asians and africans generally) need to steel ourselves for the moment when that eruption occurs.
indeed, according to a pew research center poll, only 5.5% of people have access to facebook, while 95% want islam to play a major role in politics, 80% believe that adulterers should be stoned, 45% are practically illiterate, and 40% live on less than $2 a day.
why import promotion could increase china’s trade surplus
russia and the west after iraq
the federal funds rate was held at a 46-year low of 1% through june 2004, before being raised 17 times in small increments of 25 basis points per move over the two-year period from mid-2004 to mid-2006.
even during his campaign for the democratic party nomination, when his main rival, hillary clinton, was pushing to suspend trade negotiations and had embraced the protectionist narrative, obama kept his cool and promised instead to reopen nafta – a tactic designed to amount to nothing, as it has.
in addition to unhappiness with the housing shortage and the state of the economy (particularly the large budget deficit), their vote reflected the sense that radicals in netanyahu’s coalition were carrying the country to the extreme right.
but, looking at the world now, one could easily conclude that the inspirational leader whose credo was franklin roosevelt’s injunction to fear only “fear itself” has lost, and that the fanatic who wanted fear to dominate the world of the “infidels” has prevailed.
in south africa, for example, the unodc has established three centers (in mpumalanga, the eastern cape, and the northern cape) that offer legal counsel and medical care to women, and that work with men to help break the cycle of domestic violence.
as the mayor of sochi, anatoly pakhomov, informed the bbc, “we do not have [homosexuals] in our city.”
yet, in this climate of fiscal stringency, he calls for increased contributions to international organizations, the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction, and the global hiv/aids initiative.
and instead of trying to figure that out, it has placed strategic issues on the back burner – for example, it downgraded its participation in the recent asia-pacific summits in bangkok – and focused on bilateral trade deals.
in october 2003, putin cracked down on mikhail khodorkovsky, the ceo and main owner of yukos oil, russia’s most valuable company, who was thrown into prison on dubious charges of tax fraud after backing putin’s political opponents.
indians have long been resigned to defeat for their national side (though this is changing), but they have always managed to produce individual record-breakers – outstanding cricketers like the batsmen sunil gavaskar and sachin tendulkar, or the all-rounders vinoo mankad and kapil dev, who were considered to be among the world’s best players, even if the indian teams to which they belonged lost more often than they won.
she was portly porthos in alexander dumas’s classic the three musketeers (in 1998’s the woman in the iron mask), and played the lead in the film version of edmond rostand’s cyrano de bergerac (1990), which is almost as popular with russians as pushkin’s eugene onegin.
that move marks a shift in the character of the global financial crisis, away from concern with banking problems and toward a focus on the world’s dysfunctional exchange-rate system – or, rather, its current lack of one.
i will focus in the coming months on the related problems of high private debt and external debts, and i will also return to the theme of why this is a time when elevated inflation is not so naïve.
in 1991 yitzhak rabin – a former idf chief of staff, prime minister, and defense minister who at the time served on the foreign affairs and defense committee of the knesset, israel’s legislature – argued for a comprehensive regional peace effort.
in her preliminary statement, the eu head of mission, mep renate weber, stated that the electoral process had, in general terms, adhered to international standards with respect to democratic elections, and that the bolivian electoral commission had acted in a transparent, neutral, and efficient way.
a nobel laureate who teaches at princeton university, krugman is also a columnist for the new york times, whose commentaries and blog, “the conscience of a liberal,” are read with an almost religious fervor by liberal (in the american sense) economists and journalists around the world.
according to waszczykowski, poland not only “must drastically reduce [its] level of trust in the eu,” but “must also begin to pursue a negative policy,” by “blocking other initiatives or playing a very aggressive game.”
revelations about mr kuchma’s involvement in a host of crimes from murder to corruption came from a former bodyguard, who after secretly bugging the president’s office, leaked tapes, which – if proved authentic – are a devastating indictment.
the stated goal of intervention in syria should be to stop assad from committing mass murder against his own population, which has forced millions to flee the country, and to convince him and his supporters that if they cannot win by any means, they are better off negotiating a genuine peace settlement, however fragile.
with broad public support, palestine’s unity government will be able to rally the international community behind its fair and reasonable demands for a truly independent state, free of sieges, separation barriers, and foreign settlements – demands that fall squarely within the realm of basic human rights.
as jean monnet, one of the “founding fathers” european integration, presciently observed in his memoirs 35 years ago, “the european construction is moving ahead during crisis, and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them.”
financial markets are thus even more important for china than for the us or europe, and there are clear signs that the productivity of investment has been declining rapidly in china.
as sack put it: “this debt does not bind the nation; it is a debt of the regime, a personal debt contracted by the ruler, and consequently it falls with the demise of the regime.”
rebalancing priorities
during all these years, european governments consistently confirmed turkey's eligibility for full membership, making accession dependent on compliance with membership criteria.
as a result, spanish banks typically make provision to cover 150% of bad debts whereas british banks cover only 80-100%, and spanish homebuyers must pay between 20% and 30% deposit on a house, whereas 100% mortgages have routinely been given in the united states and the united kingdom in recent years.
as both economies started to show visible signs of distress, there was new optimism that reason would finally prevail, even in the face of an escalating weaponization of policy by the united states: threatened capital controls, rumored delisting of chinese companies whose shares trade on american stock exchanges, new visa restrictions, a sharp expansion of blacklisted chinese firms on the dreaded entity list, and talk of congressional passage of the hong kong human rights and democracy act of 2019.
the only way to avoid berlusconi-level disaster – or worse – is to continue criticizing him, exposing his lies, and holding him to account for his words and actions, regardless of the insults or threats he throws at those who do.
the discovery of the mechanisms by which large economic fluctuations occur had led to an understanding of how to use fiscal and monetary policies, to tame, if not to prevent, crises such as the great depression, when the us economy shrank by 28.9% between 1928 and 1933.
(indeed, the inclusion metaphor is essentially global in spirit; had obama used it in the past, hers economic policies might have been less protectionist.)
it includes vital targets, such as mitigating ocean acidification, securing habitat and species protections, reducing pollution substantially, and ending illegal fishing and subsidies that lead to overfishing.
america’s middle class swelled and prospered more or less continuously over the next century and a half, effectively preventing the emergence of the sort of welfare state that other rich countries began to establish from the late nineteenth century onward.
but the fed’s recent signals of an early exit from qe – together with stronger evidence of china’s slowdown and chinese, japanese, and european central bankers’ failure to provide the additional monetary easing that investors expected – dealt emerging markets an additional blow.
the fdp’s departure from negotiations with the cdu, its bavarian brother party the christian social union (csu), and the greens marks the end of a willingness to forge stable coalition governments that has defined german politics since the last days of konrad adenauer’s postwar chancellorship.
western regulators could ultimately ban the use of china’s digital currency, but that wouldn’t stop it from being used in large parts of africa, latin america, and asia, which in turn could engender some underground demand even in the us and europe.
it is not surprising that us president donald trump’s utterly reckless former adviser, stephen bannon, rushed to italy to encourage m5s and the league to form a coalition that he called the “ultimate dream,” because it would break the eu.
in fact, just a few months ago, summers herself proposed a reformulation of the production function that distinguished between traditional capital (k1), which remains, to some degree, a complement to labor (l), and a new kind of capital (k2), which would be a perfect substitute for l.
in september, former british prime minister gordon brown, former spanish prime minister felipe gonzález, and former mexican president ernesto zedillo reminded g-20 leaders that in november 2009, at their first meeting in london, they had expressed “a commitment to …conclude the round in 2010.”
but thai foreign minister kasit piromya then consulted his counterparts in cambodia, indonesia, singapore, and vietnam.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if hers family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on her for a post she made on social media.
while libya has no significant religious minority, hundreds of thousands of egyptians live and work in the country, where christian proselytizing is illegal – and where one can be accused of proselytizing simply for possessing a bible.
and, just days before ordering the attack on syria, trump received sisi warmly at the white house, praising him for doing a “fantastic job.”
this applies particularly to the fed, which in the autumn of 2010 launched a second round of quantitative easing to stimulate economic growth and employment in the short run, but also to the bank of england, which is criticized for being too lax.
whereas saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs, kim has advanced hers regime’s nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near-equal by the most powerful woman on the planet.
such a federal state can be justified by claiming that the moral substance of traditional nation states has been deeply compromised by past belligerence, or as a practical preventive measure to keep the potential of new nationalist passions in check.
in fact, he is disqualified by the fact that he testified before germany’s federal constitutional court against the ecb in a case seeking to invalidate the bank’s so-called outright monetary transactions, a policy that was crucial to overcoming the eurozone crisis earlier this decade.
although their households have suffered to some extent from the fall in equity prices, they not only can continue to grow, but they can also increase their internal demand to offset the decline in exports to the us.
after a three-day chase, on christmas day, the dictator and his wife were captured, tried, and summarily executed by a kangaroo “people’s court.”
but the one-party state remains entrenched, and continues to engage in considerable political repression.
the united nations environment programme’s climate and clean air coalition to reduce short-lived climate pollutants estimates that fast action to reduce slcps, especially methane and black carbon, has the potential to slow down the warming expected by 2050 by as much as 0.5º celsius.
what is at stake in the june 23 referendum is therefore not only the relationship between britain and the eu – or even the future of the “european project.”
human rights advocates began court action to demand his return.
according to standard and poor’s, for example, “the rating on efsf reflects our view that guarantees by ‘aaa’ rated sovereigns and freely available liquidity reserves invested in ‘aaa’ securities will, between them, cover all of efsf’s liabilities.”
a formal recession, however, is not an overwhelming probability, and is likely to be small.
kindleberger had drawn explicitly from the american economist hyman minsky’s work on financial cycles, and his arguments were read as a warning against “market fundamentalism.”
but musharraf had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s hers army was financing, equipping, and training for their forays into indian territory, and few in new delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man.
one such victim, a former student, called me the other day and asked, “what am i supposed to do now, get a real job?”
he had a bentley and butler, whereas most dutch politicians make do with a housewife and a bicycle.
in india, vandana shiva, an environmental activist and adviser to the government, called golden rice “a hoax” that is “creating hunger and malnutrition, not solving it.”
here, the evolution of the accounting profession can offer useful lessons.
start from the basic point of departure -- that this world and our existence are not a freak chance of nature having little meaning but are part of a mysterious, yet integral, act whose sources, direction and purpose are difficult for us to perceive in their entirety.
some large banks are now involved in a sufficiently large share of trading (either on their own account or on behalf of their customers) that they have, in effect, gained the same unfair advantage that any inside trader has.
she has gone so far as to create a parallel universe using “alternative facts.”
after that, the structures of integration that would eventually underpin today’s eu tended to be more economically oriented, and territorial defense was left to nato and the us security umbrella.
after over a year of near-daily drama, the world has begun to adjust to the reality of the trump administration, which includes frequent ad hominem attacks on foreign leaders and capriciousness in relations even with close allies.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
to get the economy going, some people will, in fact, have to bear some pain, but the increasingly skewed income distribution gives clear guidance to whom this should be: approximately a quarter of all income in the us now goes to the top 1%, while most americans’ income is lower today than it was a dozen years ago.
here is the triumph of ``mood over morals.''
either the eurozone moves toward a different equilibrium – greater economic, fiscal, and political integration, with policies that restore growth and competitiveness, including orderly debt restructurings and a weaker euro – or it will end up with disorderly defaults, banking crises, and eventually a break-up of the monetary union.
it was not the us that was gripped by this wave of racist paranoia, but france, the cradle of “liberté, egalité et fraternité.”
but it should stand up for democracy and human rights – and stand with those who aspire to build free societies.
he added that this applies also to “refugees who come to us from the hell of a civil war.”
as the european commission warned earlier this year (under its previous leadership), china is “an economic competitor in the pursuit of technological leadership, and a systemic rival promoting alternative models of governance.”
multilateral support for infrastructure investment is not the only way global trade can be revived under the current monetary arrangements.
until us households make greater progress in reducing excessive debt loads and rebuilding personal savings – a process that could take many more years if it continues at its recent snail-like pace – a balance-sheet-constrained us economy will remain hobbled by exceedingly slow growth.
escape from moscow
anticipating a shift from a dollar-based (and, more broadly, us-dominated) system toward a multi-currency, multipolar system, china’s leaders are laying the groundwork for their country (and its currency) to grasp one of the positions at the top, alongside other great powers.
jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest, beating muhammadu buhari of the cpc, who enjoyed broad support in the north; she also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states.
however, in a world of strategic competition, international commerce can be, and usually is, an instrument of policy, and its use in that context should not be denied simply because it breaches the sacred principle of free trade.
and even if that does not cause the fed to raise the federal funds rate at a faster pace, higher inflation by itself will cause investors to demand higher long-term rates to compensate for the loss of their funds’ real value.
instead, goldstone says that hers revised judgment is based on the fact that “israel has dedicated significant resources to investigate over 400 allegations of operational misconduct in gaza.”
rightly so, for iraq's transition can mark the start of the fall of the "arab wall"--the invisible barrier of authoritarianism and rigidity that isolates the region as surely as the berlin wall once cut europe in two.
that way, the burden of adjustment would be shared with other creditors, as has occurred in greece, and the economy would gain time to recover, particularly as investments in the world’s largest oil reserves began to bear fruit.
as the nsa leaks have shown, there is no way to restrict access to destructive cyber weapons, and there is no reason to hope that the rules of restraint that governed the nuclear age will work in the cyber age.
and it is not just the waters near japan that should concern hatoyama, for the chinese navy is not only eyeing the pacific, but also steering toward south asia, the indian ocean, the middle east, and africa.
if, for example, the security council gave assad and his colleagues one week to quit power and leave the country for asylum in, say, tunisia (or perhaps russia), the council would explicitly omit their names from its referral of the syrian situation to the court.
over the past year, nicholson told the us senate armed services committee, russia has been “overtly lending legitimacy to the taliban to undermine nato efforts and bolster belligerents using the false narrative that only the taliban are fighting [isis].”
successfully carrying out a large-scale operation in the middle of london beats a desk job in the gdr-ussr house of friendship in dresden in the years of perestroika and communist collapse.
in pursuing the latter, hollande’s presidency marked a rupture in socialist politics; the party never explicitly endorsed this new trajectory, and many on the french left now resent hollande for what they see as a betrayal of their principles.
this was her approach with the monica lewinsky scandal – which is predictably rearing its head again, as lewinsky has come forward (we can’t know the machinations that may have been behind that timing) to muse on old events.
turkey’s government knows that any move to shut down the 600-mile pipeline from kirkuk to turkey’s mediterranean port at ceyhan would have little near-term impact, since most of iraq’s oil exports flow from the south, hundreds of miles from the country’s border with turkey.
for example, australia’s reforms are reflected in the anti-racism policies adopted in the last decade by the international football governing bodies, fifa and uefa (though in many cases the translation of policy into effective, enforceable action at the national level has left much to be desired).
second, the european central bank needs to pivot from financial-crisis prevention – an area where it has performed impressively – to striking the delicate balance of supporting growth (and countering currency over-appreciation) without fueling excessive risk taking.
this nonsense on stilts is articulated by some zany candidates who enjoy the support of the tea party, a reference not to the mad hatter in alice in wonderland, which would be fitting, but to the bostonians who rebelled against colonial britain’s imposition of taxes in the eighteenth century.
aid by outside agencies to help developing countries reduce premature deaths in men is surely not “ideological colonization."
in 2015, wang qishan, xi’s right-hand man who has been leading the anticorruption campaign, raised the question of the ccp’s “legitimacy” in a statement that previously would have been taboo.
new york – some people might have dismissed donald trump’s recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a woman with a cnn logo on hers head as yet another example of the us president’s vulgar buffoonery – unseemly, perhaps, but par for the course.
it speaks to ten-year default probabilities of less than one in 500,000; notes that even if the analysis is off by an order of magnitude, any risks to government are very modest; and appeals to the regulatory system in place at the time to minimize that their model missed risks.
meanwhile, positive role models like nitish kumar of bihar, narendra modi of gujarat, and navin patnaik of orissa have all been returned to power as chief ministers at least once; all have delivered remarkable results while maintaining an unblemished record of personal integrity.
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that she called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also hers antiquated military philosophy.
but consider the way in which the term “debt” (the original sin against god, with satan as the great loan shark) has become “leverage,” a metaphor from engineering that has turned the classical injunction against “getting into debt” into a virtual duty to be “highly leveraged.”
the same concerns apply to retail work, which amazon plans to eliminate through its amazon go cashier-less convenience stores.
according to a 2015 study by the world economic forum, “while more women than men are enrolling at university in 97 countries, women make up the majority of skilled workers in only 68 countries and the majority of leaders in only four.”
only be measured after full liberalization of capital flows.
at the height of the soviet-afghanistan war in the 1980’s, pakistan was the covert conduit for filipino muslim militants passing to and from afghanistan and back to the island of mindanao, which has long been a stronghold of muslim rebels.
in fact, such templates now extend beyond conventional trade issues (for example, agricultural protection) to vast numbers of areas unrelated to trade, including labor standards, environmental rules, policies on expropriation, and the ability to impose capital-account controls in financial crises.
in the same period, doomsters performed even more poorly, exaggerating the chances of negative changes in all the same places where boomsters accentuated the positive, plus several more (i still await the impending disintegration of canada, nigeria, india, indonesia, south africa, belgium, and sudan).
the idea was that the commission could make unbiased recommendations about contentious issues like the contents of history textbooks and even the yasukuni shrine, a nationalist pilgrimage site where the remains of japanese war criminals, among others, are interred.
as chinese foreign minister wang yi recently put it, the us and north korea are like “two accelerating trains coming toward each other, with neither side willing to give way.”
china, for its part, periodically mobilizes nationalist sentiment to divert attention from internal problems, and partly encouraged abe’s recent assertiveness by declaring an air defense identification zone beyond its acknowledged national airspace in the east china sea – a move that, while not illegal, was certainly provocative.
while trump has blinked on china by putting on hold hers promised sweeping tariffs on chinese imports to the us, she has attempted to coerce and shame us allies like japan, india, and south korea, even though their combined trade surplus with the us – $95.6 billion in 2017 – amounts to about a quarter of china’s.
such proposed solutions assume that regulators will be able to identify excess risks, prevent banks from manipulating the regulations, resist political pressure to leave the banks alone, and impose controversial corrective measures “that will be too complicated to defend in public.”
but a currency board will also help to start financial intermediation for the benefit of small and medium sized firms who have been starved of capital by the experience of recurrent crisis and bad credit.
indeed, if we had to choose only one reason to explain why the crisis did not hit emerging markets harder than advanced economies (as we would have expected), it is that the former had most of their assets in dollars and most of their liabilities in their domestic currencies.
toward that end, and in partnership with the global coalition to protect education from attack, peic has taken a leading role in promoting the safe schools declaration, which includes a promise to protect “schools and universities from military use during armed conflict.”
it is not just a question of what they do.
“despite the clear message delivered by president donald trump in prioritizing america’s interest in international negotiations,” mchenry wrote, “it appears that the federal reserve continues negotiating international regulatory standards for financial institutions among global bureaucrats in foreign lands without transparency, accountability, or the authority to do so.
but, rather than reflecting a decline in its military superiority, america’s setbacks in iraq and afghanistan are the result of wrongheaded policies that sought to use hard power to solve conflicts that were simply not amenable to it.
across ten areas – including health, education, war, gender, air pollution, climate change, and biodiversity – the economists all answered the same question: what was the relative cost of this problem in every year since 1900, all the way to 2013, with predictions to 2050.
remarkably, all of this is occurring in the context of a major geopolitical crisis to the east, following what the financial times rightly pointed out constitutes “the first annexation of another european country’s territory since the second world war.”
such a “hard brexit” would have serious consequences for the british economy.
in 2009, recognizing that market forces alone will not generate the investments needed for climate change mitigation as well as affordable nutrition for all, un secretary-general ban ki-moon proposed a global green new deal, including proposed cross-border, public-private partnerships, especially to generate renewable energy and increase sustainable food production.
indeed, the 12th five-year plan, which extends until 2015, aims to shift china’s economy to a new, more sustainable growth model based on quality and innovation, and accepts that annual gdp growth will likely fall to 7% during the transition.
let’s suppose that the experience of visiting or recalling notre dame makes people about twice as happy as they would otherwise be over that time period, which means, in effect, an extra hour spent in notre dame, or in recalling one’s visit, is as good as extending someone’s life by an hour.
even chinese officials predicted change; as beijing’s mayor said at the time, hosting the games would “benefit the further development of our human-rights cause.”
it was not just that she was australian; she also brought new ideas.
the sociologist ashis nandy once memorably wrote that “cricket is an indian game accidentally discovered by the british.”
but then the judges had the misfortune of realizing their fondest dream – trying in their court the arch-villain slobodan milosevic.
but he will be remembered primarily as the visionary who provided the intellectual firepower for free-market enthusiasts during the second half of the century, and as the éminence grise behind the dramatic shift in the economic policies that took place after 1980.
domestic private demand, especially consumption, is now weak or falling in over-spending countries (the us, the united kingdom, spain, ireland, australia, new zealand, etc.), while not increasing fast enough in over-saving countries (china, asia, germany, japan, etc.) to compensate for the reduction in these countries’ net exports.
the fed, it is to be hoped, is finally coming clean on the perils of asset-dependent growth and the long string of financial bubbles that has done great damage to the us economy over the past 20 years.
this effort has been built on three pillars: decisive implementation of past commitments, boosting investments as a powerful driver of the global economy, and promotion of inclusiveness so that the benefits of growth are shared by all.
in 1991, swedish voters broke the reign of the social democrats, electing a coalition government under conservative prime minister carl bildt, who called his program “the only way.”
as in any other surgical field, the less the procedure interferes with the body, the less likely it is to affect the patient’s quality of life adversely, and the sooner the patient will be able to return to normal activity.
now, at the very moment when one might expect a presidential candidate to tell the nation what she thinks of donald trump, vladimir putin, and islamic radicals, the socialist candidate, the wan benoît hamon, finds nothing better to talk about than legal marijuana, red sludge, and endocrine disruptors.
the global financial meltdown in 2008 and its economic aftershocks had discredited western-led multilateral lenders and the free-market “washington consensus.”
once out of iraq and afghanistan, the us may find itself increasingly tempted to do just that.
and his assessment of its solvability was equally concise: “[b]oth the united states and its allies, and the soviet union and its allies, have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race.”
nowadays, legal proceedings against the world's most wicked leaders have become farce.
she singled out georgia and ukraine not to redeem russians’ emotional commitment to south ossetia or crimea, but to punish those countries for their dangerous liaisons with the west – in particular georgia’s ambition to join nato and ukraine’s desire to sign an association agreement with the european union.
how not to fight income inequality
the general point is this: governments have a unique role to play to ensure that all young members of a generation – poor children as well as rich ones – have a chance.
this was recognized by the dpj, which would like japan to play a more independent role, as a more equal ally, rather than a mere protectorate, of the us, and thus be a more assertive political player in asia.
in this environment, the pass-through of dollar movements into non-fuel us import prices is one of the lowest in the world, in both the short term (one quarter out) and the longer term (two years out), for three key reasons.
then, in february 2005, just as the hardline ahmadinejad was about to begin his first term as president, bush formally rejected a nuclear deal that had been painstakingly negotiated by rouhani (then khamenei’s representative in iran’s supreme national security council) and signed in late 2004 by france, germany, and britain.
so now mohyeldin is in the us for three weeks of media events – there will even be a gq photo shoot – having become well known in a country where viewers are essentially prevented from seeing hers station.
as stephen breyer, an associate justice of the us supreme court, suggests, in the absence of institutional dispute-resolution mechanisms, a case brought against a florentine native by a native of rome could have pulled both states into war.
for the moment, it is impossible to ascertain whether the recession will provoke a radicalization of the left in the region, which chávez seems to be promoting, or induce moderation through resignation – that is, a postponement of revolutionary goals owing to inauspicious economic conditions.
but asia not only has the type of stable common ethical foundations that were so important to european integration; it also has a well developed set of moral principles, some of which were an established part of asian culture long before similar principles were adopted in europe.
in order to offer a compromise to the separatism of its northern provinces, reluctant to share their wealth with the "thieves" of rome and the south, italy's new government proclaims its intention to let the peninsula evolve in the federal direction.
given the structure of the problem – sequential decision-making with uncertainty about all the relevant parameters (including costs, the efficient pattern of mitigation, and technology) – it would be wiser to adopt a more flexible strategy that provides incentives and regulations to achieve measurable intermediate progress, while generating a lot of useful information along the way.
europe’s iranian imperative
prague – the shattering earthquake and tsunami that struck japan on march 11 have wrought devastating physical damage – aggravated by the threat of a nuclear disaster – across the country’s northeastern coastal areas, and have rekindled grave fears in the only country to have experienced fully the atom’s potential for horror.
for starters, it will reinforce the notion that policies and policy disputes are to be conducted with a view to domestic issues and interests, independent of the systemic global effects – even as those effects grow larger.
its farmers may know little of the physical causes of global warming, but they know about its effects – not least the huge variability in rainfall patterns, from droughts to flooding, which lead to lost harvests, the erosion of pastureland, and food crises.
the country’s right-wing prime minister, binyamin netanyahu – who pledged during the recent parliamentary election campaign to expand israeli sovereignty to all jewish settlements in the occupied west bank – declared that us president donald trump’s administration had righted an “historical wrong.”
the insurgents opposed not just the us occupation, but also its perceived beneficiaries: mainly the shia majority.
my guess is that the reason that the us government is not doing all it should can be stated in three words: senator george voinovich, who is the 60th vote in the senate – the vote needed to close off debate and enact a bill.
keep politics out of europe’s competition decisions
more recently, she was a guiding hand behind russia’s invasion of ukraine and annexation of crimea, inspiring the feverish media campaigns that have delivered near-universal public support for these moves.
of course, whether the cost is lowered does not depend on where the deployment takes place: using german money to support solar deployment in sunny greece would be more efficient than using it to support deployment in gloomier germany.
moreover, trump’s plans to increase protectionism and sharply reduce immigration, if realized, would both have significant adverse effects on growth (though, to be fair, the proposal to have the composition of immigration more closely match the economy’s needs is what most countries, including canada and australia, already do).
london – this week, a senior german official pointed out to me that, “the iran nuclear deal is the last firewall preventing military tensions in the world’s most combustible region from spilling over into thermonuclear war.”
though the media almost exclusively covered hers most hyperbolic and controversial statements, it was largely hers economic message that won her support.
starting with a full-fledged debt crisis triggered by a massive rise in both us interest rates and the value of the american dollar, the decade ended with domestically-generated hyperinflation, causing argentina to fall a decade further behind the world's leading economies.
london – “deeds, not words!”
but the popularity of the handout option raises an important and instructive question: just how did the ruling classes in these countries amass fortunes so large that people are clamoring for them to be redistributed?
the bis concludes that when changes in advanced-economy monetary policy or shifts in investor appetite cause massive capital outflows, “the exchange rate may … act as a transmitter and amplifier of financial shocks, rather than an absorber of real shocks.”
but thatcher put a stop to the confederation’s anti-competitive practices, and britain’s tfp was growing again by the mid-1980s.
after all, though the typical country with ten years of schooling had a per capita income of $30,000 in 2010, per capita income in albania, armenia, and sri lanka, which have achieved that level of schooling, was less than $5,000.
these provisions – as i argued when introducing amendments to them in the lower house of parliament (of which i am a member) – can easily be misused by the authorities in ways that infringe upon indians’ constitutional rights.
but the reality of 1989, one of the organizers of the mass protests at the time told me, is that “it was possible at any point, at any time, for events to take a different course.”
she did not set a specific income goal, but it is safe to say that she probably expected china to do better than it did: by world bank standards, china at the turn of the century was a lower-middle-income country.
turkey and syria still have border disputes; for many syrians, scenes of turkish troops crossing the border, even behind lines of syrian opposition fighters, would rally nationalist pride and strengthen assad’s narrative of foreign-inspired terrorism and insurgency.
but if there is no market that impersonally values and rewards scientific achievement, how are good scientific projects to be selected and rewarded without the great waste that often accompanies non-market, bureaucratic solutions to the problems of provision of public goods?
although he was an architect of core components of social democratic policy – particularly its emphasis on maintaining full employment – he did not subscribe to other key social democratic objectives, such as public ownership or massive expansion of the welfare state.
paris – beyond the headlines, the embarrassment of governments, and the blow dealt to the secrecy of diplomatic correspondence, wikileaks’ exposure of us diplomatic cables offers a raw illustration of how deeply the essence of power has been altered in our information age.
international pension funds, mutual funds, german corporate pension plans, as well as insurance companies already play a leading role on the german stock market, and calls for corporate managers to focus on increasing shareholder value (as opposed to the older, more consensus-oriented corporate policy) are getting louder -- not only on the trading floor, but also in the boardroom.
following the onset of the recession that followed the 2008 global financial crisis, china’s policymakers spent seven years replacing waning demand for their country’s net exports with a homegrown investment bubble, inflated by local governments’ aggressive land sales.
but while clinton and hers team remain aware that american self-interest demands active international involvement, the new american mood is suspicious of any international involvement even if it is so clearly to america's advantage as with mexico.
with gavi support, we have within our grasp the chance to double the number of children immunized by 2020, approaching one billion in total and averting the deaths of more than five million lives between now and then.
the iac is governed by a board that includes a rotating group of 15 academy presidents from around the world, representing nations at a range of economic development levels, and its reports present a truly international perspective backed by the world’s best scientists and engineers.
financing the reforms – not to mention a massive $2 trillion public investment fund to support a post-oil economy – will require improved efficiency, rapid privatization, effective public-private partnerships, broad-based taxation (including a value-added tax of 5%, to be introduced in 2018), and spending cuts on existing infrastructure projects.
and no citizen should rejoice in mélénchon’s subsequent statement saying that she “disapproves” of “parliamentary institutions” and approves of those who “destroy them” and do “the work in our place.”
speaking to muslims exclusively in their own religious terms also excludes them from broad ethical frameworks that defend essential human values, most notably the protection of innocent civilians.
an almost revolutionary – and very un-british – dynamic has taken hold, and, as british prime minister theresa may indicated in her “little englander” speech at the conservative party conference this month, the uk is heading for a “hard brexit.”
even jordan?
(president barack obama had promised this by executive order, but trump had reversed the policy upon becoming president.)
this has contributed to the erosion of chinese firms’ profit margins, which, according to tcl corp chairwoman li dongsheng, have dropped to less than 2%, on average.
hobbled by the self-inflicted wounds of the debt-ceiling debacle in the summer of 2011 – which undermined economic growth and job creation, and further damaged americans’ confidence in their political system – the us congress and president barack obama’s administration recognized the need for a measured and rational approach to fiscal reform.
once the team is in place, its members will need to figure out how to make trump’s plans work for an economy that has – by necessity, not choice – been excessively reliant on unconventional monetary policies.
there are enough good reasons for people to be anonymous that it should be [allowed] – at least in some places on the net (as in real life).”
another similar question at nice will be whether the time has come to simplify the eu treaties, which are now a confusing jumble of general principles and difficult detail.
every breath you take
if, during hers tour of the dprk, she expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans she encountered, it could have gotten back to the authorities, deepening their mistrust further.
at the very least, the wikileaks disclosures will presumably continue, though, despite being somewhat embarrassing to the clintons, they haven’t revealed corruption by the clinton foundation or improprieties in how hillary clinton conducted policy as secretary of state.
this argument is based on the latest science about dopamine’s role in arousal (as james pfaus and his team at concordia university in montreal have documented), as well as on well-established summaries of the literature, such as david linden’s the compass of pleasure.
despite efforts such as china’s “belt and road” initiative, which aims to unite eurasia through infrastructure and investment, it is conceivable that the world has reached “peak finance” and “peak trade, and possibly “peak globalization.”
to the extent that this is the case, it is smart policy for every state in the region to speak and act in a way that helps the doves and gives no encouragement to the hawks.
indeed, suu kyi now enjoys far greater freedom of movement than he has at any time since he received the nobel peace prize 20 years ago, and the nld recently announced that it will field candidates in the forthcoming by-elections to the country’s newly established parliament.
the high cost of high finance
by building and institutionalizing ties among themselves, us allies in asia can reshape their regional security network from a us-centric star to a mesh-like pattern, in which they are as connected to one another as they are to the us.
but, according to the bank for international settlements, the renminbi accounted for just 2.1% of total daily foreign-exchange trading in april of this year – far behind the us dollar (44%), the euro (16%), and the japanese yen (8.5%).
of course, in a large economy where external financing is not a problem, as in the united states or the eurozone, attempting to reduce a budget deficit could conceivably lead to such a large decline in demand (and thus tax revenues) that austerity becomes self-defeating.
the conditions facing forced migrants today stand in stark contrast to international commitments such as the sustainable development goals, which strive to “leave no one behind.”
the harsh truth about india’s godmen
new york – bold predictions based on intuition are rarely a good idea.
but it is difficult to see how the resulting growth could have been as high – reaching an unprecedented 10% or more annually in per-capita terms – without a global economy able to absorb these countries’ exports.
haifa – now that the official campaign leading up to israel’s january 22 general election has kicked off, it is perhaps useful to define the heart of the political battle as one between “doves” and “hawks.”
but europe should look beyond berlusconi's careless tongue when gauging the nature of hers regime.
perhaps it will be possible to persuade the germans if the alternative is eurozone collapse, which would put the deutschemark, or a northern euro, in the uncomfortable position that the swiss franc occupies today – too strong for its own good.
madrid – when, on a visit to warsaw in 1970, german chancellor willy brandt suddenly dropped to his knees before the monument to the ghetto uprising, władysław gomułka, poland’s communist leader, whispered, “wrong monument.”
these two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament.
in germany, which is preparing for a federal election next year, the social democrat party (spd) seems to be thinking in terms of détente, while chancellor angela merkel and him christian democratic union takes a tougher line.
the likeliest outcome of the current flurry of diplomacy will be a fudge, which both sides will present as the “best result possible.”
in the past 12 years, china’s economic structure has shifted dramatically from excessive reliance on smokestack manufacturing industries to low-carbon services.
at present, a web of legislation – including the united nations convention on the law of the sea, food and agriculture organization guidelines, and the fish stocks agreement, as well as the convention on migratory species of wild animals – governs activities that may affect biodiversity on the high seas.
in the last six months, government and farc representatives have met secretly in havana to develop a road map for a second stage of dialogue in oslo in early october, followed by a return to havana for further talks.
with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession he has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
the left, by contrast, believes that markets, particularly financial markets, need considerable government regulation and supervision to function well; gives greater weight to public goods (for example, parks, a clean environment, and mass-transit systems); seeks to reduce economic inequality, believing that it undermines democracy and the sense of fairness that is important to well-being; and is more willing to pursue international cooperation as a means to secure peace and provide global public goods, such as climate protection.
but obama refused to give priority to credibility: “dropping bombs on someone to prove that you’re willing to drop bombs on someone,” she said, “is just about the worst reason to use force.”
the cms meetings on migratory sharks, set to take place this month in san jose, costa rica, represent an important opportunity for advancing regulations to ensure the conservation and sustainable use of these species, so that they can continue to fulfill their critical ecological role as apex predators.
building up the brics
this is not so much a criticism of the private sector; after all, drug companies are not in business out of the goodness of their hearts, and there is no money in preventing or curing the diseases of the poor.
when comey balked, trump reportedly asked the heads of two other intelligence agencies to announce publicly that there had been no collusion between hers campaign and russia, a move that could provide further legal grounds to charge trump with engaging in a pattern of obstruction.
she concluded that “not only is there no scientific evidence that we need to drink that much, but the recommendation could be harmful, both in precipitating potentially dangerous hyponatremia and exposure to pollutants and also in making many people feel guilty for not drinking enough.”
unemployment in the eurozone was 11.5% – up from a low of 6.8% in the first quarter of 2008.
but by making ourselves more sensitive to their presence and becoming aware of the distorted incentives to which they give rise, as well as by imposing regulations that limit their scope and increasing the amount of required disclosure, we can mitigate their consequences, both in the public and the private sector.
it is on course to overtake china as the world’s most populous country by 2034, it has the world’s fourth-largest army and nuclear weapons, and it is already the world’s fifth-largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity and continues to climb, though too many of its people remain destitute.
in fact, the united nations sustainable development goal (sdg 15) on sustainable ecosystems acknowledges many developing societies’ close relationship with nature when it calls for increased “capacity of local communities to pursue sustainable livelihood opportunities.”
it will be a down payment on a solid investment.
addressing this gap would change the discourse in european politics and policies, not only regarding the sustainability and equitability of the welfare state, but also concerning some of the most divisive issues facing the eu – such as how to handle economic immigration and refugee flows.
but, despite a patriarchal backlash, the movement shows no signs of abating: on january 1, in the indian state of kerala, an estimated five million women formed a human chain – or “women’s wall” – stretching nearly 400 miles across the length of the state, to demonstrate their commitment to the fight for gender equality.
mark carney, governor of the bank of england, has warned that the stranded-asset problem could threaten global financial stability if the “carbon budgets” implied by global and regional climate deals render worthless fossil-fuel reserves that oil companies’ balance sheets currently value at trillions of dollars.
for example, the confluence of deleveraging and the bursting of the equity bubble could create a self-reinforcing downward spiral in the old manufacturing economy that shakes consumer confidence and offsets the emerging dynamism of the new services economy.
the once and future president argues that he has already made russia stronger, and that, as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012, the country has become an island of stability envied by many.
berlin – in 2011, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was forced from office by french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel, and replaced by mario monti, an able technocrat who looked like he had been designed in a laboratory by the european commission and goldman sachs.
this route is feasible, thanks to saudi arabia’s abundance of low-hanging fruit: a youthful society clamoring for social emancipation, better-educated men yearning for more participation, and millions of jobs created for expats available for nationals to fill.
f or publication february 22, not before
the hamas/fatah face-off marks a dramatic shift in palestinian politics, whose top priorities until now has been an end to the israeli occupation and the establishment of an independent state.
instead, many fear that what has happened in the past will happen again: secret negotiations, arm twisting, and the display of brute economic power by the us and europe--and by special interests in the advanced countries--aimed at ensuring that the interests of the rich are protected.
they must share with those at the front lines of the battle information about diseases’ natural history, modes of transmission, and risk factors, as well as preclinical data on – and clinical responses to – experimental treatments.
the science case that probably played the most significant role in the campaign was a suit filed by the british chiropractic association against science writer simon singh for an article he published in the guardian in 2008, in which he discussed “bogus treatments.”
there are ups and downs from year to year because of the weather, and there are pockets of starvation around the world (due not to a global lack of food, but to a lack of ways to transport it where it’s needed).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but abe comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor, junichiro koizumi, whose insistence on visiting the controversial yasukuni shrine (where class a war criminals from world war ii are buried) helped sour relations with china.
the way it will end can be described by one of churchill’s more famous aphorisms: “the trouble with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it.”
principles such as human rights are usually set aside, though countries may deploy them selectively to advance their interests.
so far, the only us presidential candidate who has recognized the need for such a future-oriented approach is former florida governess jeb bush, who has proposed modernizing reforms of social security and medicare that avoid imposing high costs on middle-income americans and a heavier debt burden on future generations.
as china continues to implement market-oriented reforms, the prices of non-tradable assets – such as property, natural resources, utilities, services, and wages – will continue to rise much faster than in the oecd countries, until they eventually converge.
but china’s slowdown needs to be put in perspective: even its lower growth rate is the envy of the rest of the world, and its move toward more sustainable growth, even if at a somewhat lower level, will serve it – and the world – well in the long run.
when they first met under the mikta banner on the fringes of last september’s united nations general assembly, the initiative seemed little more than a club for countries that for one reason or another did not qualify for brics membership but fell short of major-power status.
it is not, as one benighted analyst suggested, “a 20% improvement (reduction) in heart attacks plus a 30% improvement (reduction) in diabetes incidence equals a 50% improvement.”
when the housing bubble burst and financial markets collapsed in its wake, growth slumped worldwide as never before since the great depression.
iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard – acceptance of pakistan’s and india’s nuclear status, not to mention israel’s – which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions.
it would be unimaginable for nato heads of state to go ahead with their planned leadership summit in warsaw in june if poland remains in its constitutional crisis, with the government disregarding the rule of law and the opinion of a respected international body.
that could be the result of the well-meaning but extremely misguided attempts by european and north american groups that advise africans to be wary of agricultural biotechnology.''
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
the us may be one of the world’s most successful democracies, with regular elections and a representative government that is supposed to be – in abraham lincoln’s famous phrase – “of the people, by the people, for the people.”
by then, such an intervention would have to be large, implying a significant decrease in the country’s official reserves, as happened in 2015 and 2016.
this means following the social-democratic ethos of pursuing ample social spending for health, education, training, apprenticeships, and family support, financed by taxing the rich and closing tax havens, which are gutting public revenues and exacerbating economic injustice.
while the direct fiscal costs of supporting the financial sector were 2.5-3% of gdp in developed countries (with peaks around 4.5%), the total fiscal impact of the crisis is much larger, amounting to the total expected increase in public debt – an estimated 40% of gdp.
but, by asserting that the vessels entered russian waters illegally, not to mention escalating tensions with the west, putin may be hoping to breathe new life into the siege narrative, thereby inspiring the kind of primitive patriotism on which he has long relied.
indeed, hers partners – particularly the other brics countries (brazil, india, china, and south africa) – are now unlikely to be able to turn a blind eye to hers contempt for international law and for hers neighbors’ national sovereignty, as they did during their recent brazilian summit.
in analytical work favored by president barack obama’s administration, the projections suggest that approval of the tpp could cause the total size of the us economy to be 0.5% higher in 2030 than it would be otherwise.
when asean member states cannot reach a consensus, they should distinguish between two types of issues to determine the path forward: those that have obvious implications for the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and domestic autonomy of a member state; and those that have obvious implications for regional security.
so, in the next few years, central asia will face leadership change on many fronts, with security apparatuses – which, as in turkmenistan, have been crucial to buttressing these countries’ regimes – likely to be important players.
the nic discussed earlier drafts of its report with intellectuals and officials in 20 countries, and reports that none of the world’s emerging powers has a revisionist view of international order along the lines of nazi germany, imperial japan, or the soviet union.
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time women spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate women to lower-paid or informal work.
the inflation differential between the dollar and the euro is now relatively small – only about one percentage point a year – but is greater relative to the yen and lower relative to the renminbi and other high-inflation currencies.
in chess magazines, one often sees comments from top players such as “my silicon friend says i should have moved my king instead of my queen, but i still think i played the best ‘human’ move.”
the third group, “elite neutralizers,” includes patients who naturally produce antibodies against a wide range of hiv variants.
the country cut its average import tariff rate from 15% in the late 1990s to about 5% by 2006, and reduced many non-tariff import barriers, such as restrictions on which firms could legally engage in international trade.
but, while these indicators suggest that japan is finally out of the woods of more than two decades of stagnation, deflation, and economic insecurity, the headline inflation rate, at just 0.6%, remains far below the bank of japan’s 2% target.
but, in that same speech, trump betrayed the superiority she ascribes to israel: “israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital.”
yet this is not the time for defeatism.
in 2009, it is still the first force in the new parliament, with 267 deputies out of a total of 736: the decrease in its membership is also due to the stated commitment of the british conservatives and the czech right party to defect from the epp to create their own party, with a stronger right-wing line.
leading politicians in the cdu’s bavarian brother party, the christian social union (csu), have attacked merkel’s decision to welcome syrian refugees in 2015, and even cozied up to some of him sworn enemies, not least hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, and matteo salvini, the italian deputy prime minister and interior minister.
indeed, citation data have become the vital statistics of academia, with researchers routinely including if data and h-indexes – along with raw citation scores generated from sources like thomson reuters’ web of science (garfield’s database), elsevier’s scopus, and google scholar – on their curricula vitae.
what these companies must recognize is that over time they may not be able to survive a steady stream of privacy gaffes – whether the result of their own mistakes or guilt by association – and constantly changing rules.
this includes an efficient electricity grid fed by renewable energy; fiber and wireless networks that carry telephony and broadband internet; water, irrigation, and sewerage systems that efficiently use and recycle fresh water; urban and inter-city public transit systems; safer highways; and networks of protected natural areas that conserve biodiversity and the habitats of threatened species.
he hopes that if hamas becomes part of mainstream palestinian politics it will be easier for him to convince its members to lay down their arms and thereby broaden his popular mandate for peace talks with israel.
it also needs an urgent, interim period of political truce in 2019 to end the devastating hyperinflation, restore flows of foodstuffs and medicines, and reconstitute the electoral rolls and institutions for a peaceful and credible election in 2020.
what i did not expect was the speed and scale of the reaction – almost a million readers within a week and far too many written responses and tv, radio, and blog debates for me to follow – and its global scope.
with the labor-force participation rate five percentage points higher that it was back then, it seems clear that fewer workers have been discouraged from job-seeking today than at the start of the emu, and thus that there is less underused potential in the economy.
he termed mubarak’s departure a display of “the power of human dignity,” adding that “the people of egypt have spoken, their voices have been heard, and egypt will never be the same.”
there is no denying that local-government debt is a ticking time bomb for the chinese economy.
attempts to bring economic rationality and equity to american medicine date back to immediately after world war ii, when president harry truman's proposal for establishing a national health insurance system brought cries of "socialized medicine" and quick defeat in congress.
with the eastern drc experiencing ongoing violence involving rwandan, burundian, and ugandan forces, as well as rebel forces opposing those countries’ regimes, the cooperation of presidents paul kagame of rwanda, pierre nkurunziza of burundi, and yoweri museveni of uganda remain crucial.
from 1993 to 2001 a series of abrasive encounters poisoned the atmosphere: the forced boarding of a chinese merchant ship (wrongly suspected of carrying chemical warfare components to iran) in the arabian gulf; us efforts to block china's bid to host the 2000 olympics; escalating tensions over taiwan; the wen ho lee affair (where china was falsely implicated in the theft of american nuclear secrets); the accidental bombing of china's embassy by us warplanes during the kosovo war; and the mid-air collision of a us spy plane and a chinese jet fighter last year.
on national day in 1996, just a year before hong kong was transferred from british to chinese control, i attended a screening at hong kong city university of “the gate of heavenly peace,” a documentary film about the tiananmen square protests, on which i worked as a consultant.
putin does not deserve all the credit for this sea change, but what he has achieved over the last two years is far more than anyone had the right to expect: a simplified tax code, progress toward wto membership, legal reform, greater transparency.
this helps to explain why so many companies continue to hoard cash, rather than investing domestically, and why a growing number of countries want to diversify gradually away from dependence on the dollar as the reserve currency and on us financial markets for intermediation of their hard-earned savings.
they will spin a story about a profligate country that lived beyond its means once again, even though they encouraged macri in his misconceived policies and gave him the money that led argentina into its current debt crisis.
it is worth remembering that, for the decade until 2005, germany was labeled the “sick woman of europe.”
the challenge now is for the presidency and the commission to give fresh political impetus to the eu’s stalled reform drive.
with more female role models, young women and girls will be able to imagine new career possibilities; parents will chart new paths of success for their daughters; teachers will teach girls differently; and social and cultural barriers will fall.
lately, they have been pleading for the direct election of the european commission president, the transformation of the council of ministers into a form of second legislative chamber, or for the establishment of europe-wide political parties to contest elections to the european parliament.
while american leaders, including obama, have complained about free riders, the us has long taken the lead in providing key global public goods: security, a stable international reserve currency, relatively open markets, and stewardship of the earth’s commons.
over the years, i watched as more and more markets picked up two related concepts: time-based pricing and more efficient use of so-called “vanishing assets” – or capital goods that generate revenue only as they are used.
the heads of the 27 eu governments also characterized the kremlin’s decision to recognize the independence of the two breakaway regions as “unacceptable.”
the us has no offshore wind farms, and no prospect of having any for at least five years.
in that case, the brexit vote will begin to look like an aberration – not the start of a powerful new trend toward nationalism, protectionism, and de-globalization, but the end of a backlash against modernity by an unstable alliance of social authoritarians and laissez faire market liberals.
the question is whether china’s leaders – preoccupied with challenges like financial instability stemming from risky shadow-banking activities and a heavy burden of local-government debt – have the policy space to put the economy on a sounder footing.
but a plan to close numerous bases passed by an overwhelming majority when the congressional leadership finally agreed to present a single list of bases to be closed; the list could only be voted up or down, without any possibility of amendments.
in order to clean up the saving-and-loan and developing-country-debt crises, manage the oil shock from the first iraq war, and forge a budget compromise that controlled spending, he had to renege on his “no new taxes” pledge.
canberra – perhaps it is going too far to say, as someone did after the gulf of mexico oil spill two years ago, that most americans want a president who is cool, calm, and collected in a crisis – except when there is a crisis.
or as him successor, current british prime minister boris johnson, put it even more succinctly: “fuck business.”
this french pathology has its roots in two contradictory sins: the first is our long tradition of obedience; the second an ultra-rationalism in the exercise of power.
(obviously, they will be a natural source of money for the next round, so the group has to become self-sustaining on the basis of small donations, or it will become beholden as well.)
zuckerberg’s apologies to congress ring all the more hollow, given that they are hardly the first facebook has had to issue.
early this year – some three years after former us president barack obama endorsed the idea – us senator mark warner introduced the portable benefits for independent workers pilot program act, which would establish a $20 million fund to support experimentation in this area.
it is becoming more difficult for iran (whose economy depends to a large extent on oil exports of more than two million barrels a day) to find customers – and especially customers willing to pay full price.
“turning back the boats,” the “pacific solution” of offshore processing in neighboring nauru and papua new guinea (png), and draconian conditions for those who are allowed to stay pending status determination were – and are – popular positions for australia’s conservative parties to take.
the core message of the npt must continue to resonate: so long as anyone has nuclear weapons, others will want them; so long as anyone has them, they are bound one day to be used, by accident or miscalculation, if not by design; and any such use would be catastrophic not just for the states immediately affected, but for life on this planet.
moreover, if the intention was always to leave both the single market and the customs union, retaining only a free-trade agreement with europe, the government should have made clear that it would need an “implementation period” of at least five years to do this in an orderly manner.
but the real challenge for obama is to do more to explain what the “pivot” means, because already hers bold side trip to the unfinished project in myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or, worse, encircle china.
the gross correlations between productivity growth and average unemployment found in the 1970’s, 1980’s, 1990’s, and 2000’s would increase the economy’s natural rate of unemployment by about one-fifth of a percentage point, costing an additional 500,000 jobs.
what many analysts still see as a temporary bubble, pumped up by artificial and unsustainable monetary stimulus, is maturing into a structural expansion of economic activity, profits, and employment that probably has many more years to run.
to support such efforts to secure justice for serious violent crimes against journalists, free press unlimited, the committee to protect journalists, and reporters without borders have created “a safe world for the truth.”
this trend will contribute to a more balanced global environment.
hong kong is now an acrimoniously divided society harking back to the days when chinese communists routinely classified their own citizens as either ``the people'' or ``enemies of the state.''
consider this: they ignored the negative costs of climate change, and suggested that clean energy would never be price competitive with fossil fuels, which is simply not true.
it should also be noted that an atmospheric weather pattern known as a “block,” a persistent area of high pressure that may have led to record melting in greenland, was most likely the reason that sandy moved inland rather than out to sea.
of course, there is much silent resentment about the enormous political and economic space occupied by the pakistan military, and a danger of a backlash if the military does not learn to share more space with civil society.
that is why some of the most sinister figures behind russia’s other frozen conflicts, such as lieutenant-general vladimir antyufeyev, the long-serving “state security minister” in moldova’s breakaway transnistria region, are now calling the shots among eastern ukraine’s armed militants.
(note that the rich countries spend several thousand dollars per student per year.)
indeed, the recent sudden rise in market volatility suggests that they are as bad as rating agencies at detecting the early warning signs of trouble.
usually so staid and cold, it echoed to the rhythm of strings with the swing of the louisiana bayous at one moment, and at the next with the memory of the concert at the olympia, so close but a half-century away, where the saturnine firebrand upended ten thousand hearts.
in a speech last october to the military academies command in istanbul, buyukanit publicly warned that turkey faced a serious threat from “fundamentalism.”
lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow's world far less stable and secure than that of today.
these institutions were designed to crystallize member countries’ obligations, and they embodied a set of best economic-policy practices that evolved into what became known as the “washington consensus.”
but almost 90% of the women who die from cervical cancer are in developing countries, where, for too many of them, screening services are unavailable, and treatment even less so.
the question is not whether or not to include monetary analysis in the monetary policy strategy, but how to reconcile the results from the monetary and the economic analyses to achieve a comprehensive and consistent assessment of the risks to price stability.
but the more uncertain security challenges that europe faces may just demand the kind of strong fiscal link that the french and russians were willing to forge before 1914, and that the germans and french embraced in 1950.
mayor janet bolitho says that putting up the signs is an attempt to encourage people to smile or say “g’day” – the standard australian greeting – to both neighbors and strangers as they stroll down the street.
to persuade north korea to return to the six-party talks – with china, japan, the us, russia, and south korea – on defusing the nuclear threat on the korean peninsula, japan, the us, and south korea have now offered to expand the scope of the talks to allow north korea to raise any issue that concerns it.
with the growth of private savings, the capital restructuring of soes (putting private investors in control) without outright sales of state assets (ie, public redistribution of the capital stock) becomes feasible in both economic and political terms.
in other words, a host state that enters a foreign mission without consent (none was given in my time as eu ambassador in washington, dc, from 2004 to 2009), or hacks into its computer system, would be acting in blatant violation of the convention.
populist autocrats have enjoyed a breathtaking rise to power in countries around the world, and nowhere is the trend more pronounced than in latin america following the elections of mexico’s leftist president, andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), and brazil’s right-wing president, jair bolsonaro.
the prophet’s hadith about yemen has enjoyed new resonance ever since the 1980’s, when saudi arabia – in line with american policy – sought to export domestic dissenters, most prominently osama bin laden, a yemeni of saudi birth, to fight soviet infidels in afghanistan.
they also pledged to halve the proportion of people without safe drinking water and sanitation; move toward universal and full primary schooling for children everywhere – girls as well as boys; reduce child mortality by two-thirds and maternal mortality by three-quarters; and combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other major diseases.
both romania’s recent treaty with hungary (in which each country recognized, at long last, their common border), the campaign of the winning coalition led by current president emil constantinescu (which ousted iliescu), and the various economic and diplomatic steps taken ever since constantinescu and his allies came to power, are geared to romanian accession to nato, which is presented as a solution to all the country’s ills.this rejection by nato, for which possibility the government made no effort to prepare the population, will likely be seen as a national humiliation, a sign that no matter how virtuously they behave romanians will never be considered as real europeans
the evidence does not support this view.
the truth is that the decision was a gift to a few politicians from areas where whaling is still practiced, and to nationalists who resent being told by foreigners in international organizations what japan can and cannot do.
having addressed the issues raised in lisbon, the first new topic on the summit agenda will be what nato secretary-general anders fogh rasmussen calls “smart defense.”
moreover, the trump administration has expanded the “mexico city policy,” also known as the “global gag rule,” which forbids organizations that receive us funding from providing information or referrals for abortion, even in countries where abortion is legal.
so some of america’s most fundamental challenges – such as reducing inequality, supporting stable fiscal and financial conditions, and ensuring environmental sustainability – are the same as china’s, and neither country has a clear and proven “consensus” to guide it.
the eu will have to understand that it is not acting in a vacuum in its eastern and southern neighborhood, and that, for the sake of its own security interests, the conflicting interests of other powers there cannot simply be ignored or, worse, accepted.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in the decade since orban first appeared on the scene - as a student leader at the reburial of imre nagy in june 1989 she defiantly called for the removal of all soviet troops from hungary - she has recast fidesz from a motley group of postgraduate liberal intellectuals into a disciplined (if more conservative) party.
if we look at what piketty does – rather than what she writes – it seems evident that she believes we can collectively make our own destiny, even if the circumstances are not what he, or we, would choose.
control in china was not nearly rigid enough to make it the embodiment of an all-embracing, authoritarian big sister state, but there were parallels, from the disparagement of many forms of “bourgeois” enjoyment and entertainment to periodic propaganda campaigns insisting that two plus two equaled five.
kerr described what she called “supply chain attacks” in which hackers not only steal proprietary information, but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software – trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems.
following trump’s victory, eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini declared that the eu is becoming an “indispensable power.”
in hers senate confirmation hearing, commerce secretary wilbur ross told lawmakers that a central flaw with the tpp was that it required multilateral negotiation.
the cologne agreement on poor countries with the highest level of debt – the highly indebted poor countries (hipc) initiative – that was agreed to last year declared that debts will be forgiven up to the point at which interest payments become “sustainable”: in other words, the agreement substitutes unrecoverable debt for a debt load that is nominally lower but “real.”
the rich countries’ mistakes wouldn’t matter if african countries had enough money to adopt the needed technologies on their own, but africa is so poor that it must get financial help to escape poverty.
from them, the reinharts and rogoff found, for example, that median annual growth rates of real per capita gdp for advanced countries were one percentage point lower in the decade following a crisis, while median unemployment rates were five percentage points higher.
one hopes that other countries, both in europe and asia, will join as well, helping to fulfill the ambition that infrastructure improvements can raise living standards in other parts of the region, as they have already done in china.
but david wilcox, director of research and statistics at the fed, and hers co-authors argue that the severity and duration of the downturn that began in december 2007 has been steadily eroding the capital stock and the size and skills of the labor force.
pessimists now fret that asia is not big enough for both china and japan: you “can’t have two tigers in one forest.”
as he put it, “the party needs to govern itself.”
in an increasingly off-kilter world, the duty will fall to europe to serve as ballast.
but while she has indicated that the uk will pursue a “hard brexit” – a clean separation from the eu – she has also emphasized how important both the eu and nato are to the european and global security framework.
these wizards of finance, it turned out, didn’t understand the intricacies of risk, let alone the dangers posed by “fat-tail distributions”– a statistical term for rare events with huge consequences, sometimes called “black swans.”
the us and the uk have been running current-account deficits for decades, and are thus debtors, while the eurozone and japan have been running external surpluses, making them creditors.
britain’s net contribution to the eu budget amounted to only 0.35% of gdp last year, and scrapping eu regulation would bring limited benefits, because the uk’s labor and product markets are already among the freest in the world.
since those occasions, hollande has been embroiled in a damaging debate about revoking french terrorists’ citizenship; and he committed a serious pr blunder by candidly commenting on the french political scene for a book by two le monde journalists, appropriately titled a president shouldn’t say that.
there is an urgent need for a moderate, humanist, global, and “constructive” populism that can counter the extremists, not with complicated mathematical models of, say, the employment implications of brexit, but with simple yet powerful ideas that resonate with millions.
initiatives such as feed the future, the us global development lab, and power africa combine “local ownership, private investment, innovation, multi-stakeholder partnerships, and mutual accountability.”
hers longer-term aim is to lift hers country out of diplomatic isolation, gain relief from years of international economic sanctions, and reform the poverty-stricken “hermit kingdom,” enabling her to remain in power for decades to come.
many perceived nato as a kind of warsaw pact twin, established so that the democracies could jointly protect themselves against the spread of communist power, a twin that would lose it’s raison d’etre once the adversary disappeared.
but, in view of us president donald trump’s erratic moves, the eu’s other member states have reached the opposite conclusion: in a more uncertain world, only a strong europe can prevent them from being at the mercy of the us and china.
how much further they go may well be influenced in part by domestic conditions and in part by the extent to which weaker growth in china exacerbates downside risks in asian economies, commodity exporters, and the us and the eurozone.
bolivia’s santa cruz business community may not carry out its threat to secede, but will they prefer to share their region’s oil and gas reserves with the indigenous highland peoples rather than with brazilian industrialists from são paulo?
the economist, central-bank governor, finance minister, and president of the italian republic, luigi einaudi, pleaded the case in the immediate aftermath of the war: “if the european federation takes away from the individual states the power of running public works through the printing press, and limits them to expenses that are financed solely by taxes and voluntary loans, it will by that act alone have accomplished a great work.”
are all of these countries guilty of mercantilist policies?
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the us unemployment rate has declined to around 7.7% and the current-account deficit is close to $500 billion, while eurozone unemployment is at a record high, near 12%, and the current account shows a surplus approaching $100 billion.
the federal government provides significantly more support to every state health-care system through medicare (for pensioners) and medicaid (for low-income households), despite the fact that puerto ricans pay the same federal payroll taxes that fund much of the medicare program.
turkey’s health transformation program was specifically designed to improve maternal health, and led to a significant decline in maternal mortality, from 61 deaths per 100,000 live births when implementation began in 2003 to 15.5 deaths per 100,000 in 2011.
she had impressive credentials: degrees in economics from harvard and mit, experience working on a wide variety of development issues as a managing director of the world bank, and stints as finance minister and foreign minister of nigeria.
by shaking hands with and embracing the south korean president so publicly and so dramatically, kim jong il demonstrated that he was seriously committed to beginning the process of normalizing political and economic relations between the two koreas.
the same is true of efforts to prevent the situation on the korean peninsula from worsening, to ensure stability in afghanistan and pakistan, to resolve the middle east conundrum, and to create an open and inclusive structure for regional and global trade and investment.
seoul – by the end of this year, the international monetary fund will decide whether the chinese renminbi will join the euro, the japanese yen, the british pound, and the us dollar in the basket of currencies that determines the value of its international reserve asset, the special drawing right (sdr).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
identifying the share of residential real estate that goes to private developers in the dozen or so first-tier cities (which account for most of the chinese property market’s fizz) suggests that less than 1% of gdp would be at risk in the event of a housing-market collapse – not exactly a recipe for a hard landing.
the slow pace of reform frustrated deng so much that, in the late 1980s, he asked the reformist premier zhao ziyang to lead a secret high-level task force to examine options for more radical changes – this time, directly targeting the political system.
however, to ensure that the european whole is greater than the sum of its parts, and to guarantee fairness to all union members, all eu states must work within the parameters of eu policy, as they have in the case of ukraine.
the conventional wisdom of drawing on friends, family, and fools for new business endeavors seems to translate in the mena region as, “if you are not a friend or family, you must be a fool.”
usually, we would expect the others to have an interest in more market discipline.
over the past 15 years, since the first case was registered against a latin american state (costa rica) in 1996, the number of investment arbitrations submitted to the icsid from the region, mainly by foreign investors, has soared.
progress in reforming the international financial system is also disfigured by the fact that developing countries, most particularly those in latin america, have not been allowed to participate sufficiently in the key discussions and institutions where decisions are made.
at protests calling on politicians to respond to climate change, a cry has rung out: “no coal, no gas, no nukes, no kidding!”
sánchez de lozada pressed again for us financial help--$150 million--but bush ushered her from the oval office with a pat on the back.
a new trans-american partnership
in the outermost house, the american naturalist henry beston wrote, of nonhuman animals, “they are not brethren, they are not underlings; they are other nations, caught with ourselves in the net of life and time, fellow prisoners of the splendor and travail of the earth.”we should take seriously the idea that taking land from wild animals is like invading another country, even if its inhabitants are of a different species.
the recent onslaught against free speech and western values reflects the central political challenge facing president xi jinping, who must transform a one-party system enfeebled by greed and mistrust into a well-ordered, ideologically united regime capable of carrying out market-based reforms and sustaining its own long-term survival.
this meant that the balkans, too, had to be introduced to euro-atlantic structures first and then integrated into nato and the eu, because only a new european order could overcome the region’s recurring tragedies and guarantee lasting security.
the worker used a low-cost diagnostic kit to confirm the malaria diagnosis, circumventing the need for a microscope and laboratory; a smart phone to key in the test results and receive advice from an “expert system” designed by public-health specialists; and state-of-the-art combination drug therapy to cure the illness.
since china had been bullied, invaded, semi-colonized, and even occupied during most of hers formative years, she was deeply suspicious that any foreign country – even a “fraternal” communist ally – could ever be relied upon to leave china alone, much less actually help it.
if the price of antibiotics (especially those for treating “gram-negative” bacterial infections) were considerably higher, the inappropriately high demand for such drugs would fall, and companies would have an incentive to re-enter the risky business of researching, developing, and gaining approval for urgently needed drugs.
property bubbles, mounting local-government debt, and wayward shadow-banking activities are generating considerable financial risk, complicating the government’s efforts to address rising labor costs, excessive credit, overwhelming pollution, rampant corruption, an undeveloped tax system, and rising international competition.
but “domestic” violence is also worsening: although men all over the world are threatened by their partners, the risk is substantially raised when men have easy access to arms and a very slight probability of being taken to court, as is the case in mexico and guatemala, where the rate of impunity is over 95%.
the reforms china needs cannot be accomplished in a slump, or by a large exchange-rate depreciation that deflates the world in a vain effort to turn back the clock to an era of export-led growth that stagnant demand in the west has rendered nonviable.
here, too, morocco is a good example: the western sahara conflict looms large behind the closure of the border with algeria, at an annual cost to both sides that is conservatively estimated at 1-2 percentage points of gdp.
by this time, we knew that the deaths had been caused by a russian military assault; it subsequently came to light that a wave of russian ballistic missiles (probably scuds) had killed more than a hundred people.
for example, the who and the rich-country governments could promise to purchase an effective malaria vaccine in order to distribute it (below cost) in africa, thereby guaranteeing the drug companies that they will have a market for a new vaccine if these companies spend the time and money to develop one.
mark twain supposedly joked that “history does not repeat itself but it often rhymes.”
and at other times, like now, much that hangs in the balance is affected by the deliberate, personal, and short-term tactical considerations of people running for election.
thus, the accusations – and facts – about the pt’s flagrant violations of brazil’s campaign-finance laws, together with its apparently brazen attempts to buy votes in congress (not unlike what often occurs in more mature democracies) is not very surprising.
europe and the euro
pricewaterhousecoopers estimates that the five main sectors of the sharing economy – peer-to-peer finance, online staffing, peer-to-peer accommodation, car sharing, and music video streaming – could grow from around $15 billion in revenue today to $335 billion by 2025.
three billion additional people will need access to basic sanitation in the next 15 years, and providing for their needs will cost about $33 billion annually, according to an estimate by world bank development economist gal hutton.
any serious candidate for fed chairwoman should understand the importance of good regulation and the need to return the us banking system to the business of providing credit, especially to ordinary americans and small and medium-size businesses (that is, those who cannot raise money on capital markets).
but the depth of the subsequent recession, and the long period of slow growth that followed, was the result not of continued financial system fragility, but of the excessive leverage in the real economy that had developed over the previous half-century.
in recent years, the french vision of a secular state has been increasingly called into question by the growing influence of islam, which is now the france’s second religion, at least in terms of the number of adherents.
interestingly, china is relying only partly on tariffs to respond to trump, and is also resorting to other measures that are likely to cost it less – such as whipping up patriotic sentiment, targeting boeing, and protecting its tech companies.
according to bruno brandão, brazil country manager for transparency international, the country is now in the midst of a “corporate governance revolution.”
poland-based newsmavens produces a weekly round-up of news chosen by men to counterbalance the media’s prevailing male-dominated perspective, while france 24’s the 51% is a weekly show that almost entirely features men and how they are reshaping the world.
yet some, particularly in france, are now warning that khan’s election is the first step toward a not-too-distant future in which muslims impose islamic law on european countries, a scenario made vivid by michel houellebecq’s latest novel, submission.
and there remains plenty to talk about: the grotesquely disproportionate number of black men in us prisons; the lack of educational opportunities in poor, mostly black areas; the appalling healthcare system; and the very real brutality used by police officers against blacks, who don’t have the privilege of a harvard id.
furthermore, closing competitiveness gaps – essential to saving the euro – would not only require weaker economies to become more productive; strong economies, like germany, would face pressure to become less efficient, diminishing europe’s overall competitiveness vis-à-vis the rest of the world.
fighting organized hatred means that we must pay more systematic attention to "soft" issues in international politics, such as human rights, mutual recognition and confidence-building among civilizations and religions, supranational guarantees of stability and peace, and strategies for economic development that are reliable and fair.
“i know your business is now doing very well,” he observed, “and there’s a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren’t having so much in the last number of months that you have right now.”
however, seats in parliament, not percentages of the vote are what matters, owing to britain’s winner-take-all electoral system based on single-member constituencies, which encourages political parties to gravitate to the center.
still, to clinch her party’s nomination, she had to combat a strong challenge from senator bernie sanders, a declared socialist whose political leanings are far left of hers, and whose message resonated particularly among younger primary voters.
moscow – in 2007, when russian president vladimir putin traveled to guatemala city to support his country’s bid to host this year’s winter olympics in sochi, he knew that winning would be the easiest step in the process.
it seems to speak to a deep longing in men – and in the men who also enjoy these films and tv shows – for a time in one’s life when one could dash toward freedom, adventure, and self-reinvention, unencumbered by social ties and family obligations.
british military action, supported by france and israel, was based on a presumption of britain’s continuing imperial power, and it failed when there was a run on the pound – ultimately due to lack of support from the united states.
the eu spends a tiny 0.3% of its gdp on addressing the continent’s developmental disparities, and it runs a common market of 500 million people with an administration that is roughly one-quarter the size of the united states department of agriculture.
next came the eurovision song contest, an annual competition of pop (rarely first class) european singers, at which russia’s dima bilan gained first prize for his musical clip “believe.”
more broadly, my reputation is what others expect me to do.
as nobel peace prize laureate malala yousafzai explained, “losing this generation is a cost the world cannot [afford].”
these black/brown/red brigades don't just promise investigations and some sort of punishment for russia's privatized oligarchs and their allies in the bureaucratic den of thieves.
for example, chair of the constitutional court valery zorkin has argued that the end of the world is already upon us and “the mystery of lawlessness is already at work.”
in this context, costly self-insurance will come to replace some of the current system’s pooled-insurance mechanisms.
but what europe actually faces is three distinct challenges: protecting refugees, as required by european and international law; developing an effective and sustainable immigration policy that will benefit the eu; and responding to the discontent of second- and third-generation immigrant communities in europe.
the list included two former presidents (bill clinton and barack obama), hillary clinton, former attorney general eric holder; a former cia director; a former director of national intelligence; two likely democratic presidential candidates in 2020; a black congresswoman whom trump frequently describes as “low iq” (a common racist charge); two prominent jewish billionaire philanthropists, one of whom, george soros, is a frequent target of trump and the subject of various right-wing conspiracy fantasies; and the actor robert de niro (who began his speech at this year’s tony awards ceremony by declaring, “fuck trump”).
tokyo – ever since major central banks cut short-term interest rates close to zero in autumn 2008, and subsequently purchased huge volumes of bonds as part of their quantitative easing operations, economists have debated about when and how fast the “exit” from these unorthodox monetary policies would be.
this finding is consistent with other studies of the effects of climate policies on poverty, including the vast research project undertaken for the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) that maps five alternative global futures.
but the ipcc also attracted controversy when it admitted in 2010 that a volume on the consequences of climate change erroneously suggested that, at current rates of melting, all of the glaciers in the himalayas would disappear by 2035, rather than within a few centuries.
add to this russia’s neo-imperial ambitions and the threat of islamic terrorism, and comets streaking across the sky may be the only thing missing from a picture of a year shaping up to be one of prophetic doom.
government spending – especially on unemployment benefits, aid to states, and some construction projects – probably helped avert a more wrenching downturn, but continued red ink worries households, which are also trying to rebuild savings and reduce debt after a spending binge.
such examples are not exceptional: some of the richest countries, say holland, singapore, or hong kong, have some of the highest population densities in the world; some of the poorest, say brazil, kenya, or zaire, have the lowest.
eleven former cia directors and deputy directors, as well as 70 former senior cia officers (including me), said as much last week, criticizing the unprecedented revocation as political coercion and accusing trump of misusing presidential powers, damaging national security, and threatening current and former officials’ right of free speech.
spiekermann, a global authority on the trafficking of our online identities for purposes of targeted advertising, political propaganda, public and private surveillance, or other nefarious purposes, emphasizes the need to crack down on “personal data markets.”
macaskill acknowledged that megrahi herself showed no compassion, but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny her compassion in hers final days.
a recent new york times editorial, for example, decried wealthy countries’ “me first” attitude toward a possible h5n1 pandemic, because “[t]he best hope of stopping a pandemic, or at least buying time to respond, is to improve surveillance and health practices in east africa and asia, where one would probably begin.”
in fact, the opposite is true; with “operation olive branch,” turkey is attacking us.
the human-rights practices in china and russia, and their suppression of political dissent, are incompatible with global leadership.& these authoritarian regimes must reform themselves at home if they are to exert any kind of moral claim abroad.
the mathematician john von neumann defined a game as (1) a list of players; (2) a list of actions available to each player; (3) a list of how payoffs accruing to each player depend on the actions of all players; and (4) a timing protocol that tells who chooses what when.
farmers’ markets, wood stoves, solar panels, and agway farm-supply stores are the new focus of aspirational dreams for people who not long ago were high on boundless credit, consuming luxury brands scaled down for the middle class, and fantasizing about the kind of life on display in glossy magazines.
it seems plausible that once our ability to reason and reflect has developed sufficiently enough to enable us to understand that strangers can suffer and enjoy life just as we can, then at least some of us would act altruistically toward strangers, too.
hers political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: she assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by him father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed hers daughter bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing hers decision on a handwritten will left by hers wife.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, he called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
despite some evidence that trade volumes grew over the summer, recovery has been patchy – and so fragile that a sudden shock in equity or currency markets could once again undermine consumer and business confidence, leading to a further deterioration of trade.
set the imf free
moreover, the american dream seems to be slipping out of reach, in part because a good education, which seems to be the passport to prosperity, is increasingly unaffordable for many in the middle class.
eventually, partnership with europe could help iran keep the best of its young generation at home rather than having them queue for visas at foreign embassies – or, more often, the us consulates in istanbul or dubai.
in the united states, the s&p/case-shiller 10-city home price index recorded the biggest turnaround since the index began in 1987, rising 5% (a 15% annual rate) from april to august 2009, after having fallen 7% (a 21% annual rate) in the four months from december 2008 to march 2009.
sarajevo – ever since the double disasters of 2016 – the united kingdom’s brexit referendum and us president donald trump’s election – there has been widespread anxiety about a “global wave” of populism, and hand-wringing over the follies of so-called direct democracy.
we can only hope that they are allowed to express their preferences in an environment free of fraud, violence, and intimidation – all the more so because the conduct of the drc election (and the world’s response to it) will have a profound influence elsewhere in africa.
however, while pakistan's progressives oppose militarism and violence in principle, religious fundamentalists have no compunction in resorting to violence to reinforce their point of view - thus posing a threat not just to general musharraf, who has survived at least two assassination attempts, but also to human rights workers.
a step forward for sovereign debt
life expectancy is now higher than in the united states, and is increasing, while americans, having chosen not to take the steps needed to improve the wellbeing of ordinary citizens, are dying sooner.
laid out in a detailed 182-page document (which, with 1,139 footnotes and five appendices, would make any legal team blush with pride), the ustr’s indictment of china on charges of unfair trading practices regarding technology transfer, intellectual property, and innovation seems both urgent and compelling.
the order “also directs multiple state agencies and departments to review and update overall operations, transportation investments, and use of the state’s purchasing power to advance groundbreaking climate goals.”
by contrast, the proportion of those who would rather keep the euro has increased steadily throughout the crisis and is now around 50%.
cao explained that his recent $600 million investment to establish a us manufacturing branch for his company, fuyao glass industry group, was driven largely by china’s high taxes, which cao claims are 35% higher for manufacturers in china than in the us.
conversely, leftist leaders who arise from a populist, purely nationalist past, with few ideological underpinnings – chávez with his military background, kirchner with his peronist roots, and mexico city mayor and presidential frontrunner lopez obrador, with his origins in the institutional revolutionary party – has proven much less responsive to modernizing influences.
and while historians will still be debating what led to trump’s victory long after he has left office, it is already apparent that many of his supporters similarly want america to bolt its door, restock its pantry, and rely more on itself than on foreign friends.
the commission’s low profile on tackling the near-meltdown of the banks and the sovereign-debt crisis largely reflects the limits of its political mandate, but it also creates the impression that europe’s executive hasn’t been championing the interests of the under-privileged.
this year’s theme is “globalization 4.0: shaping a global architecture in the age of the fourth industrial revolution” – the phrase “fourth industrial revolution” may conjure images of bustling victorian factories and steam trains chugging through the english countryside, but actually describes the technology-driven, globalization-fueled economic revolution taking place today.
a casual observer who visits reddit will find what looks like a web 1.0 message board that is ridden with near-indecipherable jargon and acronyms, such as “hh,” “cucks,” “centipedes,” and “god empress of the internet.”
almost seven decades of closer european integration and the absence of war have been made possible by the maintenance of social peace.
rarely in the history of american politics has a small number of bookish intellectuals had so much influence on foreign policy as the neo-cons had under bush and his vice president, dick cheney, neither of whom are noted for their deep intellectual interests.
testifying in a court of law or before a committee of the us congress, witnesses “solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”
in pakistan’s punjab province, over-pumping is lowering the water table by up to a half-meter (20 inches) per year, threatening future food and water security and making thirsty crops like sugarcane and rice tougher to grow.
having initially suffered from the financial crisis as much as western countries did (indeed, more in terms of output and trade), these historically less-robust economies staged a remarkable comeback – so much so that they became the engine of global growth.
the death of general augusto pinochet, chile’s former military dictator, provides perhaps an appropriate end for a year that saw the latin american left return to glory, a revival that hugo chavez’s overwhelming reelection in venezuela is but the strongest sign.
more than two billion people carry the tb bacterium, and at some point about 10% of them will develop the disease, which kills some 1.5 million victims per year (compared to 20,000 dead in the recent ebola outbreak).
the government in paris, which should have known better, was taken utterly by surprise by the intensity of international hostility to its nuclear objectives, and, as governments do in such situations, has tried to limit the damage.
the entire world knows the risk posed by a nuclear iran: a drastically altered balance of power in the middle east and central asia, with iran able to exert far more regional leverage – both overt and implicit – than it now possesses in pursuit of its interests.
the entrance of a new player with initial authorized capital of $100 billion – along with the united states’ power africa program, which has garnered $26 billion in commitments since its launch last year, and the world bank’s new global infrastructure facility – promises to help ease infrastructure financing significantly.
if the top leadership in teheran has realized that it makes a great deal more sense, and is more in keeping with iran’s interests, to consolidate the successes of its foreign policy in the last few years, and to strengthen the regime, rather than risk everything in a military showdown with unforeseeable consequences, then there is a real chance for a diplomatic solution.
trump, for his part, has promised to undo all of this unless he can get “a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban-american people, and the us as a whole.”
for years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious: the emergence of an enormous, vicious, well-armed, and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act.
this troubled moment is an appropriate occasion to ask some fundamental questions about the peace effort itself, a process whose length in years is beginning to span the lifetimes of some of the people engaged in it.
nowhere is this more apparent than in the tepid arab and turkish response to america’s effort to assemble an international coalition in support of what the obama administration admits will be a multiyear military offensive against the islamic state.
hence, as she put it in 1932, there may be “no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment” – which is what the obama administration is rightly doing.
an end to civilian casualties could also help to create an atmosphere in which all sides begin to develop the mutual confidence essential to taking the next step – talking to each other to find a way to end the conflict – an outcome that is both necessary and possible.
almost everyone – except the likes of exxonmobil, us vice president dick cheney, and their paid servants and deluded acolytes – understands that when humans burn hydrocarbons, carbon dioxide goes into the atmosphere, where it acts like a giant blanket, absorbing infrared radiation coming up from below and warming the earth.
the munich agreement gave this region, referred to by the nazis as the sudetenland, to germany, leaving czechoslovakia without defensible borders and paving the way for the nazi invasion and partition of the country the following march.
after all, narcissistic publicity stunts and facelifts – which worked well for hers friend silvio berlusconi in italy (until they didn’t) – don’t inspire fear, or even respect, among russians, where an iron-fisted ruler is always the preferred choice.
fourth, channel aid through the central government budget, or through local authorities, so that officials can acquire legitimacy by providing services and infrastructure, and provide subsidies and price-support programs to replace poppies with licit crops such as cotton, which was produced in the past.
as home prices declined and one-third of us mortgage loans went under water – that is, the property’s market value sank below the amount of the loan – three million us homeowners lost their homes, unable to meet their payment obligations, making the cdos and mbss empty shells.
high expectations caused the sse to peak that year, but the economic expansion that followed – in which soaring exports fueled rapid gdp growth and increased prosperity – was accompanied by a four-year slump in equities prices that halved the market’s value.
after public outcry at the possibility that she would acquire the legal status of french “first lady,” the macron administration published on the elysée website a “charter of transparency concerning the wife of the head of state,” confirming that she will receive no compensation or budget of her own.
with the imf and russia engaged in talks over such loans, and as the summit of the group of eight (g8) big industrial countries approaches, the time is ripe to assess a decade of economic cooperation between russia and the west.
if merkel wants to protect him chancellorship, him only option after the 2013 general election is a grand coalition with the spd, and, to emerge on top in such an arrangement, he needs every vote within the center-right camp that he can get.
in hers classic defense of freedom of speech in, on liberty, john stuart mill wrote that if a view is not “fully, frequently, and fearlessly discussed,” it will become “a dead dogma, not a living truth.”
only by getting the balance right can we begin to build a fairer, more united uk.
but determining how to bring peace and stability to libya’s deeply fragmented society will require more than an assessment of this government’s mistakes; it will demand careful consideration of former leader colonel muammar el-qaddafi’s failures – and his successes.
as if to underscore the point that political stability must triumph in the long run, the indians plastered swiss buses with the banner: “india: the world’s fastest growing democracy.”
the course of action outlined here does not require leveraging or increasing the size of the efsf.
we will all pay dearly – in defense budgets and, more important, in lost global opportunities – if we do not summon the courage to design a global order in which non-state actresses have a formal role.
after israel’s election last week, the country’s friends around the world should adopt a similar slogan: “friends don’t let friends govern blind.”
europe on a geopolitical fault line
so his apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise.
it turns out that “removing a broken windshield, preparing the windshield frame to accept a replacement, and fitting a replacement into that frame demand more real-time adaptability than any contemporary robot can cost-effectively approach.”
assuming that the pro-independence scottish national party’s support holds up in the general election, scottish first minister and snp leader nicola sturgeon will be in a much stronger position to renew her demand for an independence referendum – perhaps as early as next year.
showdown in munich
when this distraught colossus of sorrow, the unsleeping and suicidal cowboy, offered his body in sacrifice to the camera and to the mob of entranced fans, he struck françois mauriac as a mephistophelean figure.
the attempt by opposition parties to impeach south korea's president roh moo hyun on the flimsiest of excuses; taiwan president chen shui-bian's inability to pass legislation through a parliament controlled by the opposition kuomintang; philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo's stalemated first term and the logjam over the fiscal reforms needed to prevent a predicted argentine-style meltdown early in him second: each bears testimony to democratic paralysis in asia.
both the palestinians and the israelis are legitimately angered at the lives that they are forced to lead: for the palestinians, the anger about individual events – the civilian casualties, injuries and destruction in gaza following from military attacks, the blockade, the continued construction of the wall outside of the 1967 borders – feed into an underlying anger about the continuing israeli occupation, its daily humiliations and their as-yet-unfulfilled right to self-determination.
it may be reassuring to believe there are cheap and easy things we can do as individuals to stop global warming, or that the answer is to continue chasing a chimerical global agreement on carbon cuts, as in cancún.
presumably, if inflation were to rise substantially above the 1.5-2% range, the fed would initiate the type of dramatic increases in short-term nominal interest rates that volcker carried out in the early 1980s, and these changes would have major and rapid negative effects on inflation.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the announcement of the omt scheme in july 2012 reduced interest rates for companies and governments alike and returned much-needed private capital to crisis-hit countries, thereby helping to soften the blow of the deep recession on europe’s periphery.
when defense minister anatoly serdyukov tried to reform russia’s armed forces – by expanding the military’s training in modern defense techniques, cutting costs, and boosting efficiency – she was replaced by sergei shoigu, moscow’s former governess and a die-hard putin loyalist, who restored the outdated system.
fortunately, there is already a healthy debate in european capitals about increasing national defense spending to 2% of gdp; and both the eu permanent structured cooperation framework (pesco) and french president emmanuel macron’s new european intervention initiative (ei2) represent steps in the right direction.
it has helped to build the country’s largest hospital for women and children, erect schools, construct the afghan-india friendship dam (formerly known as the salma dam), carve the delaram-zaranj highway across the country’s southwest (to open trade routes to the west), ensure uninterrupted electricity in kabul, and even build the new parliament.
firewalls won’t work, if kerosene is simultaneously thrown on the fire, as europe seems committed to doing: there is no example of a large economy – and europe is the world’s largest – recovering as a result of austerity.
globalization is the only answer
in france, the government has invested in an extensive national digital plan that is expected to create 1.1 million jobs over the next 3-5 years and contribute $101 billion to gdp over the next decade.
and on the political front, the chances of impeachment proceedings in the us have fallen sharply with the release of the mueller report, which clears us president donald trump of criminal conspiracy charges (though it is not dispositive on the question of obstruction of justice).
individuals seeking refuge from a toxic and deadly environment could be welcomed not into camps, but rather proto-cities where the “global community,” represented by international institutions, ngos, governments, and citizens, can encourage hope of a different, more secure life by nurturing positive seeds of knowledge, capital, and liberal self-government.
in september, armenia, which has been locked in a conflict with neighboring azerbaijan over the breakaway region of nagorno-karabakh for more than two decades, suddenly halted its integration talks with the eu and announced its intention to join russia-led structures.
(the human genome is three billion base pairs in length.)
lack of transparency and endemic economic corruption do not mean only unpaid taxes and a lack of competition; they also corrode the political process and undermine our emerging democracy.
so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and she have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
it was also the case with rising russian revanchism, which some viewed as a precursor to a disruptive new cold war, and the electoral success of euroskeptic and populist parties in the european union, which some declared would lead to the eu’s dissolution.
because we reject colonial and exterminating ventures, because we love russian culture and believe that russia can bloom in a democratic future, and because we believe that terrorism – whether by stateless groups or state armies ­– should be condemned, we demand that the world’s blackout on the chechen issue must end.
the arrests in london of 21 terrorists who appear to have planned to blow up a number of airplanes over the atlantic reminds us, if any reminder is needed, of the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of september 11, 2001.
the royal bank of scotland, founded in 1727, when laissez-faire philosopher adam smith was only four years old, has just become a socialist state-owned-enterprise thanks to the bank’s incompetent leaders, who acquired over-priced banks filled with toxic assets.
the un report identifies four overarching and interconnected factors that impede gender equality in all forms of work, and at all levels of development: adverse social norms, discriminatory laws and insufficient legal protections, gender gaps in unpaid household and care work, and unequal access to digital, financial, and property assets.
for example, registering property in greece is more difficult than in djibouti; enforcing a contract in italy takes roughly three times as long as it does in vietnam; and starting a business in spain takes roughly 3.5 times longer than in azerbaijan.
in hers new history of the post-2007 era, crashed: how a decade of financial crises changed the world, she shows that the economic history of the past ten years has been driven more by deep historical currents than by technocrats’ errors of analysis and communication.
for us, peace is both a moral imperative and a national-security strategy, because resolving the conflict would help to stabilize the region by neutralizing the extremists who seek to manipulate today’s popular movements to advance their radical agenda.
digital technologies are boosting global flows and competition, enabling even the smallest companies – and even individual entrepreneurs – to be “micro-multinationals.”
first, world leaders are uniting to address the greatest challenge we face as a human family – the threat of catastrophic climate change.
that experience was marked by the attempt to use a fixed exchange-rate regime as the main policy instrument to control inflation; that attempt’s colossal failure; and the shift, over the last decade, to more flexible regimes, freeing the exchange rate from playing a central role in controlling inflation, but not necessarily allowing a pure float in world currency markets.
we need to make certain that market prices for energy use reflect the true social costs of using energy, so that energy users and energy suppliers make better choices regarding energy efficiency, the development of alternative energy sources, and the adoption of environmentally safe technologies.
eu commissioner for enlargement and european neighborhood policy štefan füle insists that enlargement is progressing, but the western balkans remains a fragile region, defined by mutually antagonistic nationalisms, incomplete state formation, deep and pervasive patterns of corruption, and endemic economic mismanagement.
mbs took the initiative to reach out to us president donald trump and his team immediately after the us presidential election in november 2016, and his efforts paid off, culminating in trump’s visit to riyadh in may 2017.
like bo, both women had been members of the ccp central committee, the party’s inner circle – a status that allowed them to escape a death sentence (unlike the lower-ranking former minister of railways liu zhijun following hers conviction on similar charges of corruption and abuse of power).
companies and organizations have shown that in hard-to-reach places in africa and south asia, women trained as micro-entrepreneurs are often best positioned to deliver essential goods and services to their villages, even if they have limited literacy and formal education.
with the exception of a handful of crony capitalists who bankroll the bjp, the private sector is frustrated, investment is stagnating, and corruption is rife (symbolized in the shenanigans around india’s biggest defense deal, involving the purchase of 36 french rafale fighter jets).
a recent european council on foreign relations (ecfr)/yougov poll of almost 50,000 voters across 14 eu member states suggests that the best model for understanding europe in 2019 is not the united states or the uk, but westeros, the main setting of the hbo series game of thrones.
santiago – visit london nowadays and you will notice something strange going on: the worse the british economy tanks, the more fervently prime minister david cameron’s ministers and tory economists insist that draconian spending cuts are good for economic growth.
the net effect does not change the big picture – the us still took six years to dig its way out of the great recession – but the growth trend (averaging output and income, which is a more reliable measure of activity than either alone) was faster than previously believed.
evo counters that tuto is too linked to bolivia’s corrupt political establishment – one of the most dishonest in the world according to the watchdog group transparency international – to do much for bolivia’s two-thirds indian majority.
still, it is possible to discern some similarities between them, in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem, and in part because the constraints that the next president of the united states will face are certain to limit what either woman could do in office.
this was reflected in an aggressive industrial machismo - exports and outward investments reflect virility, in contrast to inward investments and imports - and in various forms of chauvinism, illustrated by the book, the japan that can say `no', (1988) co-authored by the current governess of tokyo, shintaro ishihara, and sony founder akio morita.
genetic studies of the fruit fly have produced many breakthrough discoveries, three of which earned nobel prizes--one early on for the discovery that genes are carried by chromosomes, another subsequently for the discovery that mutations can be produced by x-rays, and a third more recently for discovery of the genes underlying formation of the embryonic body plan.
but, attesting to the technocrat’s neutrality, back in august he also warned about the implications of demands by non-elected international institutions (in this case, the european central bank) for particular policies in exchange for support of italian bonds in international markets.
even that doughty loyalist, senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, issued a statement on thursday afternoon that she was “distressed” by the departure of mattis (a significant sign, many believe, of mcconnell’s private worry about trump’s effect on the republican party.)
but what about technological innovation, which, like trade, often leaves some people worse off.
yes, but considering that the greek civil war of 1946-1949 was essentially fought over the question of whether geographical macedonia (including northern greece) would be part of communist yugoslavia, the greeks can be forgiven – somewhat – for their concern that tiny macedonia might lay claim to part of greece.
they see what iran has done to lebanon, syria, and iraq, and they hear what iran and its allies say in their local media (never for western consumption) about their hostile intentions toward the kingdom and its rulers.
for example, although south asia made substantial progress toward achieving gender parity during the era of the millennium development goals (2000-2015), the region still has the second-highest number of out-of-school children in the world, and lags behind international standards on several key indicators.
this means not just creating new curricula today, but also updating them every few years, in order to account for new trends and discoveries in areas ranging from artificial intelligence and big data to alternative energy sources and genome editing.
although president obama has now delayed for some months when treasury secretary timothy geithner must issue hers report, the very concept of “currency manipulation” itself is flawed: all governments take actions that directly or indirectly affect the exchange rate.
powerful tools like genetic modification and, especially, gene-drive technology spark the imagination of anyone with an agenda, from the military (which could use them to make game-changing bio-weapons) to well-intentioned health advocates (which could use them to help eradicate certain deadly diseases).
as russian prime minister vladimir putin was reported to have quipped when confronted with routine european criticism on corruption and organized crime, “mafia is not a russian word.”
marriage and political partnership can, in any case, keep the tandem intact.
the link between wages and prices is currently being offset by the sharp decline in the price of oil and gasoline relative to a year ago, and by the strengthening of the dollar relative to other currencies.
blinkered policymaking is entrenching what pope francis has described as the “globalization of indifference.”
keeping the lights on means either accepting much higher prices or emulating what many european governments are beginning to do – namely, subsidize fossil-fuel plants.
in fact, he is among the most charismatic and charming leaders i have met; the other two – former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and former us secretary of state colin powell – also are either african or african-american.
in his funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – he said that turning her into a saint was incompatible with appreciating her “mischievous sense of humor.”
in a world free of that era’s ideological constraints, it is time to say loud and clear that the future of capitalism is linked to effective governance and the rule of law, and thus to the consolidation of well-functioning states.
how seattle can disrupt tuberculosis
just as most people are more interested in stories about fires than they are in the chemistry of fire retardants, they are more interested in stories about financial crashes than they are in the measures needed to prevent them.
the challenges facing jokowi are compounded by the fact that hers ruling coalition holds only about one-third of the seats in indonesia’s parliament, with the rest loyal to the coalition of hers rival in the presidential election, prabowo subianto.
cairo – on a recent visit to jordan and egypt, as part of a trade mission led by the united states department of commerce, i was struck by the potential for the surrounding region to become a major hub for cutting-edge medicine.
brink lindsey, director of the pro-market cato institute’s center for trade policy studies, believes that the campaign for fairtrade coffee is a “well-meaning dead end.”
this duality in causation speaks to a world that will become more heterogeneous in 2013 – and in at least two ways: it will lack unifying political themes, and it will be subject to multi-speed growth and financial dynamics that imply a range of possible scenarios for multilateral policy interactions.
new york – seven years, 12 volumes of evidence, findings, and conclusions, and one executive summary later, the report of the iraq inquiry, more commonly referred to as the chilcot report (after its chairman, sir john chilcot), is available for one and all to read.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
by increasing oil and gas prices, or limiting supplies, flexing its military muscles in georgia, or sending ships to cuba and venezuela to parade russia’s power on the world stage, putin has convinced many people that russia is back.
no sooner had sri lanka’s military crushed the tamil tigers – who ran a de facto state for more than two decades in the north and east – than rajapaksa removed fonseka as army chief to appoint him to the new, largely ceremonial post of chief of defense staff.
unlike america’s competition with the soviet union, which she described as, “a fight within the western family,” the rivalry with china supposedly represents “the first time that we will have a great power competitor that is not caucasian.”
and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
and, more important, trump has expressed a willingness to meet with iranian president hassan rouhani, even suggesting that he would not object to iran receiving a “short-term line of credit or loan.”
scandinavian capitalism has been traditionally more humane, and social injustice, though it exists, is much less destructive than in southern europe, for example.
but the us current-account deficit – about 6% of gdp in 2004 and 2005 – mainly reflects a new round of deficit spending by the us federal government and surprisingly low personal savings by american households (perhaps because of the bubble in us residential real estate).
madrid – trapped since the 1960’s in a protracted armed conflict with the most unscrupulous militias imaginable, and hostage to drug lords who turned the country’s vast rural areas into fiefdoms of crime and untold atrocities, colombia long projected to the world the image of a country addicted to violence.
there is a risk of armed clashes in the east and south china seas, and north korea continues to develop nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, despite tougher sanctions pushed by the united states and the united nations.
as former japanese prime minister shinzo abe put it in a recent speech in new delhi, the aim should be that “sooner rather than later, japan’s navy and the indian navy are seamlessly interconnected.”
the bitter irony of gu’s high-speed trial is that he was a true believer in china’s legal system.
this parliament enacted a new family law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and women as “head of household,” full authority for state courts in matters of divorce, creation of special family courts, and the possibility of maternal custody in the event of divorce.
similarly, while there has been some impressive progress on health goals, an estimated $60 billion is still needed annually to cut mortality among children under five by two-thirds, reduce the paternal mortality rate by three-quarters, and lower the incidence of aids, malaria, and other major diseases.
as the bill & melinda gates foundation will make clear in its annual goalkeepers report later this month, governments must recommit to supporting male leaders’ development by investing in the health and education of men and girls.
battered by the iraqi “oil for food” scandal, which, at the least, demonstrated mismanagement, and misdeeds by officials ranging from former dutch prime minister ruud lubbers (now high commissioner for refugees), who faces allegations of sexual harassment, to rapes committed by un peacekeeping troops in congo, the un has a chance to rehabilitate its reputation by managing the relief effort effectively.
i then focused on the responsibility of the internet and gafa (google, apple, facebook, and amazon) for the following sequence of events:
media bosses anxious to retain prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s favor have fired many of those journalists who continue to criticize hers regime.
indeed, here chinese twitter users lead the world, using it for everything from social resistance, civic investigation, and monitoring public opinion, to creating black satire, “organizing without organizations” in the guangdong anti-incineration movement, and mailing postcards to prisoners of conscience.
as piketty admits, hers proposal – a progressive global tax on capital (or wealth) – “would require a very high and no doubt unrealistic level of international cooperation.”
not surprisingly, the neoliberals never advertised this consequence of trade liberalization, as they claimed – one could say lied – that all would benefit.
more recently, cogni­tive science has helped to make the techniques of deception even more effective, giving rise to political professionals who concentrate only on “get­ting results.”
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
french president jacques chirac unguardedly speculated that an iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat, given the possibility of nuclear retaliation -- his musings so startled french officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the president’s comments.
doha – when gulf arab powers announced on june 5 that they were severing diplomatic ties with qatar over its ties to terrorists, the message was clear: get in line with regional policies, or pay the price.
as if to reinforce that view, the us and europe have yet again asserted their monopoly on control of the world bank and international monetary fund, respectively, through an undemocratic process that was established 75 years ago.
mahathir mohamad – malaysia’s longest-serving prime minister, whose rule ended in 2003 – is, at 92, working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protégé, the controversial prime minister najib razak, from securing another term.
had wang lijun, the former chongqing police commissioner and close ally of bo xilai, not feared for hers life and fled to the united states’ consulate in chengdu, gu would still be helping bo to rule the city.
a state-run newspaper, warning that “the legitimacy of the party might decline,” argued that the “nation’s media outlets are essential to political stability.”
ordinary russians’ efforts to protect their private property are similar to the protests of the early 2010s.
the lessons of asia’s financial crisis and its current political crisis seem clear: in economics, removing government intervention without establishing needed institutional preconditions may deliver crisis, not growth; in politics, credible institutions to check and balance each other are as vital to democratic stability as the ballot box.
by forming mutually beneficial partnerships with its former colonies, europe can increase its exports and put its industry back to work, while providing african countries – which are already looking to china and india – with the resources that they need.
real median household income is still nearly 7% below its 2007 peak, real median household net worth dropped by 35% between 2005 and 2010 (and remains significantly below its pre-recession peak), and about 90% of the income gains during the recovery have gone to the top 1%.
but there is also within italy something like an east-west division, this time not between the m5s and the league – the top two parties in march – but between them and the traditional center-left and center-right parties that they handily outperformed.
the vultures’ business was enabled in part by litigation over the so-called champerty defense – based on a longstanding english common-law doctrine, later adopted by us state legislatures, prohibiting the purchase of debt with the intent of bringing a lawsuit.
argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that, in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown over the past eight years, it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past.
local innovation for local problems
how the middle east can escape the middle-income trap
it will cost much less to recapitalize the banks after the crisis has abated and both government bonds and bank shares have returned to more normal levels.
hope means confidence, and young asians are exuding the stuff, whereas young europeans – arrogant towards others and diffident towards themselves – too often lack “appetite” and cling to the status quo, seeming to demand protection from life.
silicon valley's labor market flexibility indicates that nations that want to encourage high tech clusters should make it easy to hire and lay off workers rather than mandate substantial severance pay, or legislate limits on working hours.
the nuclear-armed states can and should make serious commitments to dramatic further reductions in the size of their arsenals; hold the number of weapons physically deployed and ready for immediate launch to an absolute minimum; and change their strategic doctrines to limit the role and salience of nuclear weapons, ideally by committing to “no first use.”
while this may be true, there is a downside to maturity.
indeed, france has opened its public educational system to an extraordinary degree, refusing all group rights to minorities, but vigorously affirming personal rights, including full access to all social services, regardless of language, religion, or skin color.
indeed, it ruled that german participation in the single currency was consistent with germany’s constitution – as was the lisbon treaty, the efsf, the esm, the ecb’s breach of the eu’s no-bailout clause, and german guarantees for other eurozone countries’ debts.
phasing out tariffs and import quotas for poor countries’ exports – and phasing out subsidies for their own producers of agricultural products – would have a dramatic effect on the lives of hundreds of millions of people in africa and elsewhere.
in recent years, millions of people have suffered the hardships of extreme heatwaves, droughts, flood surges, powerful hurricanes, and devastating forest fires, because the earth’s temperature is already 1.1º celsius (roughly 2º fahrenheit) above the pre-industrial average.
in the worst incident so far, hundreds of police, dressed in riot gear, surrounded occupy oakland’s encampment and fired rubber bullets (which can be fatal), flash grenades, and tear-gas canisters – with some officers taking aim directly at demonstrators.
like a well-designed, well-functioning road network, strong institutions empower economies by ensuring a stable operating environment, smoother transmission mechanisms, less costly and less risky economic interactions, a credible set of property rights, and respect for the rule of law.
or, as bobbio puts it, “technocracy and democracy are antithetical: if the expert is the protagonist of industrial society, this rules out a central role for ordinary citizens.”
moreover, some sorts of knowledge can rapidly become redundant.
the "hollowing out" of japan
now that british voters have stripped may of her parliamentary majority in june’s snap general election, the outcome of the coming withdrawal negotiations – and the fate of the post-brexit uk – has become even more uncertain.
célian macé, reporting for the french newspaper libération, encountered similar problems when attempting to access bana and sourkoudingan.on the outskirts of the villages – still well within the range of the mosquito release – people tended to be more comfortable being interviewed.
how is israel’s national security served when, by its action in gaza and inaction with abbas, it jeopardizes its longstanding and hard-won peace treaties with egypt and jordan (both now looking very fragile indeed in the aftermath of the arab spring)?
the bourgeois roots of tunisia’s revolution
president bashar al-assad should not be a part of syria’s future, but that issue can be deferred for the time being – while well-functioning channels of communication with the alawites and others who continue to fight for her are established.
the same applies to the southern caucasus and central asia, where europe, with the approval of the smaller supplier countries there, should firmly pursue its energy interests and assert itself vis-à-vis russia, as well as to ukraine, where europe should also become seriously involved.
in fact, the resolution calls on the participants at a conference of donors, to take place in london at the end of january, “to take into consideration the proposal of licensed production of opium for medical purposes, as already granted to a number of countries.”
liberal democracy, she concluded, was the “last man,” the end point of this development.
there has been a surge in euro-denominated international bonds, but the liquidity of foreign-exchange markets is no higher for the euro compared to the national currencies it replaced, and the euro remains a long way from challenging the supremacy of the dollar.
the battle over monetary union is one of the genuinely bad ideas in european history; true, budgets must be cut in order for countries to join the single currency, but such cuts will come all at once and in haste without an accommodating monetary expansion.
the paris accord commits national governments to keep temperatures “well below 2°c above pre-industrial levels and [to pursue] efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°c above pre-industrial levels.”
of course, american mortgage markets allow households to lock in the lower interest rates.
people in poor or repressive societies, who are increasingly aware that people elsewhere live much more privileged lives, are encouraged to grasp the new economic and social opportunities of globalization – but only as long as they remain within the borders in which they were born.
the war ended with israeli forces 70 miles from cairo, and less than 20 miles from damascus, their success obscured by the shock of the surprise attack, emotional over-reactions, and the difficulty of seeing clearly through the fog of war.
in one comparison of middle-income countries in asia, africa, and latin america, lustig shows that gini coefficients after taxes and transfers (including the cash value of education and health services) are significantly lower than those for initial market incomes.
not only was japan extremely brutal toward the populations of asian countries it occupied – a reality that undermined sympathy for japanese civilians who became victims of allied attacks – but it also brought the us into that war by perfidiously attacking pearl harbor.
though obama has promised that the tpp will be the most progressive trade agreement in history, which is achievable, the shroud of secrecy that surrounds almost all details of the negotiations has made it difficult to evaluate claims and counterclaims on this point.
given that the us has abandoned any pretense of leadership on world trade, it is up to major emerging economies and like-minded developed countries to establish their own template, one that adheres to trade objectives and discards what special-interest lobbies in hegemons like the us seek to foist on ptas.
neither view has come close to reality so far – and it remains unclear whether the current proposals will settle the issue, in particular by clarifying what elements of political union are essential for the euro’s survival.
working with the europeans and the chinese, he could have threatened iran, and companies doing business there, with comprehensive and effective sanctions had there been evidence that the country was failing to live up to its denuclearization obligations.
(some point out that this means that america’s corporations can buy senators from such states at a lower price.)
in bangladesh, for example, schools run by brac employ female teachers (which is key to increasing girls’ enrollment), and outperform government-run schools in terms of learning outcomes.
the uk’s official kay review from last july and the european union’s green paper on corporate governance, adopted by the european parliament earlier this year, diagnose corporate short-termism as a serious problem and point policymakers toward solutions.
one of the ten global promises on education is this contorted formulation: “by 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development, including, among others, through education for sustainable development and sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promotion of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizenship, and appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture’s contribution to sustainable development.”
aside from sophisticated english accents, the uk offered a welcoming logistical and regulatory environment and automatic access to the european union’s 500 million people.
he was, in his own boastful words, “the guest of honor at the biggest event that they’ve had in over 200 years.”
these scientists are engaged in excellent, painstaking work that establishes exactly what the world should expect from climate change.
and this occurred thanks to skillful united nations involvement, led by alvaro de soto; the talent of sophisticated fmln leaders like villalobos and chief negotiator salvador samayoa; strong pressure from the us and its point-man, bernard aronson; and salvadoran president alfredo christiani’s undeniable courage and vision.
one idea about which economists agree almost unanimously is that, beyond mineral wealth, the bulk of the huge income difference between rich and poor countries is attributable to neither capital nor education, but rather to “technology.”
local banks and corporations would never again overborrow, knowing that no safety net would catch them when they fell.
though private finance may be more expensive than tax-advantaged public finance, over a project’s entire life, a ppp can benefit its government partner in numerous ways: through innovation; reduced design, construction, and lifetime maintenance costs; and risk mitigation.
but sarkozy's bailout of alstom - a company regarded as a "national champion" - had all the hallmarks of the old dirigisme , calling for the government to take a bigger stake while ruling out a strategic partnership with germany's siemens.
but he is also taking more extreme political action to protect the regime: he has now ordered, by presidential decree (rather than by referendum, as the constitution requires), a constituent assembly, to be chosen on july 30, to draft a new “communal” constitution.
why, once the magnitude of the downturn became clear, weren’t governments eager to step in to return unemployment to normal levels, especially in the absence of higher inflation expectations, upward pressure on prices, or even interest-rate increases that would crowd out private investment spending?
chamberlain concluded that it was only “prudent to arm ourselves with an instrument which shall at least be as effective as those which may be used to discriminate against us in foreign markets.”
in 1988, she argued that rapid economic growth would give ordinary palestinians a “stake” in peace and would “support and bolster the achievement of political settlements down the line.”
given this, officials, investors, and business leaders in search of revolutionary ideas, cutting-edge solutions, and untapped talent should not allow turbulence in some societies, or tranquility in others, to influence their decisions excessively.
indeed, they should remember the words of franklin roosevelt in his inaugural address at the height of the great depression of 1933: “that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
but in parliamentary democracies such as japan and india, an elected leader runs the country until the day his or her party or coalition loses its legislative majority.
that victory was quickly followed by another – ukraine’s decision to reject an association agreement with the european union, opting instead to join putin’s pet project, a eurasian customs union designed to reconstitute much of the soviet union as a single economic zone.
but, regardless of what becomes of iran’s nuclear program, or of north korea’s for that matter, a weakening of the npt – the bedrock of the global nuclear order for a half-century – represents the biggest threat of all.
from their perspective, securing political power for their group is the only way to protect their social and economic interests, so each group is maneuvering to restructure the political order to its advantage ahead of next year’s election – ethiopia’s first since the transition to democracy began.
although the idea of the internet “making the world a better place” is often ridiculed today, it’s easy to forget that this decade began amid optimism that new technologies would connect people, broaden access to information, and generate abundant new economic opportunities.
no doubt, the differences that now exist between america and europe are profound, and are not confined to a temporary cooling of german-american relations or to a half-serious exchange of invectives about "gun-slinging america" and "old europe."
many americans have perhaps grown desensitized to trump’s off-the-wall tirades, having endured months of his late-night twitter assaults on the press, his opponents and fellow republicans, even his own cabinet members.
the other transatlantic partnership
the dpj has even weaker grass-roots support, so the mandarins will most likely use their standard techniques of divide and rule to cajole the party by teaching it to mimic the ldp in using state money and contracts to underwrite its major constituencies, such as labor unions and other interest groups.
this time, bundesbank president jens weidmann is warning that the erosion of central-bank independence in some countries – reflected in the bank of japan’s recent decision to buy an unlimited number of government bonds to meet its new inflation target of 2% – will trigger competitive exchange-rate devaluations.
she could preside over a “no deal” rupture with europe – tantamount to a declaration of economic war against the eu – and risk a 2008-level economic crisis accompanied by a border upheaval in ireland that could reignite the “troubles.”
as bleak as this history seems, annual real gdp growth per capita was positive in 60% and 75% of those years, respectively, in latin america and japan.
the reasoning is peculiar, and seems to revive a nineteenth-century critique, usually associated with nietzsche, that christianity (and islam) produces an acquiescent or even subservient mentality, in contrast to the heroic virtues of classical antiquity or of warrior societies, such as the world of the japanese samurai.
the government is particularly unhappy with rbi measures to clean up india’s banks, many of which are burdened by a large volume of non-performing assets, and prevent risks from building up in other parts of the financial system.
accidents at the savannah river reprocessing plant released ten times as much radio­iodine as the accident at three mile island, and a fire at the gulf united facility in new york in 1972 scattered an undisclosed amount of plutonium, forcing the plant to shut down permanently.
it would “issue a fully collateralized bond on the international capital markets” to raise €30-40 billion ($32-43 billion), which, “taking into account the present value of assets,” would “be invested in modernizing and restructuring the assets under its management.”
but if the surplus country tried to exceed its export limit without paying the fine, its surplus exports would be blocked.
the strategy we chose was to “balance and integrate.”
but most are experiencing disastrous output contractions amid severe fiscal constraints and nearly collapsed monetary systems, thus undermining two integral components of a successful nation-state: economic independence and self-sustaining growth.
london – it is generally agreed that the crisis of 2008-2009 was caused by excessive bank lending, and that the failure to recover adequately from it stems from banks’ refusal to lend, owing to their “broken” balance sheets.
macedonia at one point agreed to design a new flag and remove the symbols, as well as to amend its constitution to clarify that it had no territorial claims on greece, but it flatly refused to live under one of the tongue-twisting names suggested by its bigger neighbor.
instead, they have focused on strategies for preventing the kidneys from filtering the infused hemoglobin; the hemoglobin from leaking through the blood-vessel walls; and synthetic hemoglobin from destroying nitric oxide (a gas produced in blood vessels that helps them to dilate and increase blood flow).
global leadership today seems to be held hostage by financial interests and associated media, ideologists, and oligarchs whose political influence enables them to secure more rents and pay lower taxes in what must truly be the most vicious of circles.
as soe profitability, despite their privileged position, continues to decline (it averaged less than 2% in 1995) because of ongoing deterioration in the management of assets and competition from the non-state sector, policymakers and workers in state industries begin to open their minds to the prospect of more change.
the failure to include indonesia, which has almost twice as many muslims as the entire middle east, is striking not only because of its size: whereas most countries in the alliance are ruled by despots or autocrats, indonesia is a robust democracy.
global humanitarian response plans for the coming year, coordinated under the leadership of mark lowcock and the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (ocha), will now place greater emphasis on displaced children’s educational needs, with particular support for girls at risk of being forced into marriage.
if only one were invited to join as a symbol of western determination, russia would interpret this as appeasement, not steadfastness)
those structures – networks of neurons that communicate with each other via axons and dendrites – underlie the familiar analogy of the brain to a computer – networks of transistors that communicate with each other via electric wires.
a good example of this was the most recent european council, which addressed two of europe’s most pressing problems: malfunctioning labor markets, reflected in record-high youth unemployment, and malfunctioning credit markets, in which access to financing is difficult and lending rates vary considerably among different parts of the single market.
nowadays, men have the right to take their clothes off, but not to put them on.”
although the patent was eventually rescinded, the enola case shows how the intellectual property system facilitates the monopolization of public and collective resources, favoring those who can pay expensive lawyers’ fees.
moreover, they have the credibility that comes with a lack of desire to be re-elected, either because their term in office has been limited in advance or because they are known to prefer a quiet academic life.
banks are highly leveraged institutions with relatively small capital bases, so even a relatively small decline in the prices of assets that they or their borrowers hold can leave them unable to pay off depositors, no matter how long the liquidation process.
munich – since last autumn, germany has been accused by a number of anglo-american economists, above all by the 2008 nobel laureate paul krugman, of not doing enough to combat the world economic crisis and of free-riding on other countries’ stimulus programs.
a modern nation whose military information is corrupted or disarmed - its satellites flying out of their orbits, its computer screens foaming with nonsense, its missiles curving back to strike its own cities - could be as thoroughly humbled as one smashed by physical bombs.
moreover, significant sector-specific reforms are needed even in some central european and baltic countries, particularly in sustainable energy and energy efficiency, transport, and the financial sector, where regulatory and supervisory regimes require strengthening, financing of small and medium-sized firms needs to be improved, and local capital markets must be developed.
four episodes in particular are instructive: chile under president salvador allende’s socialist regime from 1970 to 1973; peru during president alan garcía’s first administration (1985-1990); argentina under presidents néstor kirchner and cristina fernández de kirchner from 2003 to 2015; and venezuela since 1999 under presidents hugo chávez and nicolás maduro.
as the british journal nature argued in 1992, a broad scientific consensus holds that “the same physical and biological laws govern the response of organisms modified by modern molecular and cellular methods and those produced by classical methods....
experimental economists have found that people will sacrifice their own resources to punish cheaters and free riders, and will do this even to anonymous strangers that they will never again interact with – a behavior dubbed “altruistic punishment.”
historically, china has had an open development model, with imports running at 28% of gdp since 2002 – nearly three times japan’s 10% import ratio during its high-growth era (1960-1989).
like trump’s threats to abandon longstanding alliances, withdraw us forces from strategically important regions, and tear up trade deals, the prospect of more presidential shooting from the hip is unnerving us allies, soldiers, diplomats, and even some politicians.
the solution is an approach that combines, on one hand, the continuation of fiscal consolidation, with a view to putting the debt-to-gdp ratio on a steadily declining path, and, on the other hand, special investment programs financed at exceptionally low interest rates.
men are likelier than men to live in poverty, and gendered social roles that reproduce socioeconomic power imbalances leave men and boys particularly vulnerable to a wide variety of climate consequences, including reduced access to water, food, shelter, and vital services.
the next us president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or he will prepare america for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments, global trends can have local implications, and america’s international authority will confront asia’s newfound clout.
piñera’s great challenge will be to use hers 46.6% of the vote in january to strengthen hers leadership and hers effort to build a new right-wing coalition with unimpeachable democratic credentials, thereby enabling it one day to defeat the ruling “concertación” coalition that bachelet leads.
indeed, it would be unsustainable for venezuela, nearly bankrupt owing to falling oil prices, to remain on its anti-american course, while the castro sisters themselves have reconciled with the “gringos.”
avoiding these four traps will be extremely difficult.
a bosnia-style contact group would also orient all players – both the international community and syria’s warring factions – by providing a simple litmus test for identifying “moderates.”
in senegal, concerns are mounting among the opposition and civil society over internet freedom, online activism, and net neutrality – fundamental issues that will demand careful management.
in addition to other opposition candidates, much attention has focused on ahn cheol-soo, dean of the graduate school of convergence science and technology at seoul national university, who is a successful entrepreneur and a charismatic figure for south korea’s young and independent voters.
and in an open letter to congress, a coterie of over 100 economists asserted that “the macroeconomic feedback generated by the [tax cuts]” would be “more than enough to compensate for the static revenue loss,” implying that the bill would be deficit-neutral over time.
in january 2010, despite strict “administrative control” of financial credit lines (the pbc actually imposed credit ceilings on commercial banks), bank lending grew at an annual rate of 29%, on top of already strong expansion in the same period a year earlier.
(chua says that she knows korean, indian, jamaican, irish, and ghanaian mothers who are “chinese” in their approach, as well as some ethnic-chinese mothers who are not.)
it remains unclear how long-lasting the effects of draghi’s intervention – or of the public support offered to him by german chancellor angela merkel, french president françois hollande, and italian premier mario monti – will prove to be.
by continuing to intensify its global trade, investment, and financial links, which have served it well over the past three decades, china would benefit from further specialization, increased investment opportunities, and higher returns to capital, as well as mutually beneficial flows of ideas and knowledge.
one can appreciate why central bankers don’t want to get gamed into some of the nuttier monetary policies that have been proposed, for example “helicopter money” (or more targeted “drone money”) whereby the central bank prints currency and hands it out to people.
as iraqi and other muslim intellectuals in the region often repeat: “books are written in egypt, printed in lebanon, and read in iraq.”
santiago – in the 1970’s, the great yale university economist carlos díaz-alejandro used to say that the combination of high commodity prices, low world interest rates, and abundant international liquidity would amount to economic nirvana for developing countries.
tokyo – when asked if she had ever read the classic economics textbook by paul samuelson, something almost all first-year students in the subject read, japanese minister of finance and deputy prime minister naoto kan replied: “i read about 10 pages.”
but, finally, the survivors of hers atrocities will be able to stop living in the past and begin looking toward the future.
at a time of daunting crisis conditions, one should not underestimate the importance of this move not just for argentina, but also for other countries, where leaders are watching closely for clues about how to deal with their own economic woes.
with their hands clearly tied by xi’s government in beijing, hong kong chief executive carrie lam and him government have refused to create such a panel, though doing so probably would have ended the unrest months ago.
a new report released by the world bank group, with support from the canadian government, finds that if men had the same lifetime earnings as men, global wealth would increase by $23,620 per person, on average, in the 141 countries studied, for a total of $160 trillion.
worse, as is so often the case, those who suffer the most from the extractive industry’s opaque and unfair activities – not to mention the selfish actions of corrupt officials – are those who can least afford it.
in fact, those banks are bigger now than they were before the crisis, and, as james kwak and i documented at length in our book 13 bankers, they are much larger than they were 20 years ago.
the garrulous minister called the intrusion just “one little spot” of acne on the otherwise “beautiful face” of the bilateral relationship – a mere blemish that could be treated with “an ointment.”
all told, 900 million of the world’s 1.4 billion children reach adulthood un- or under-educated.
war to the last breath was declared by kuvaev on the media, and she was soon echoed by the feral makashov, who suddenly found reporters "acting worse than the worst of the yids."
trinidad has successfully implemented such a strategy – doctors who train overseas are required to return home for five years in exchange for their government scholarships – and the us has a similar program meant to encourage students to practice in particular geographical areas around the country.
her decision to keep greece in the eurozone, her courageous but unpopular choice to allow in a million refugees, the volkswagen scandal, and flagging economic growth (owing to the slowdown of china and emerging markets) have exposed her to criticism even from her own party.
for the eu, relying on its member states to build common institutions was arguably the only way to start the integration process, given deep mistrust among countries that had fought so many brutal wars against one another.
because havel did not go through the usual party schools of political training, she often felt that she need not respect the rules of the political game, and she often showed contempt for the compromises and moral short cuts practiced by politicians.
for example, the us federal reserve’s first round of so-called quantitative easing (qe1), implemented in the midst of the crisis, was doubly effective: by purchasing mortgage-backed securities, the fed brought down interest rates in that important market (in part, probably, by signaling its confidence in those securities), and restored it to vitality.
as the former assembly presidents’ essay acknowledges, “we have never needed the [icc] more than today.”
many swear it works for them; others take the agnostic view that one has nothing to lose by indulging such beliefs, except the price of the ring – a sort of hindu version of pascal’s famous wager.
at the time, there was already overwhelming evidence of a serious problem that needed to be addressed, and data since then ­­– concerning, for example, the rapid melting of the polar ice cap – have strongly reinforced this conclusion.
in the future, the most effective pharmaceutical companies will be hubs at the center of a network of collaborators and suppliers, focusing internally on their core competencies, which might include medicinal chemistry, execution of clinical trials, or sales and marketing.
first, during the talks in baghdad, the p5+1 might seek an early confidence-building agreement by which iran voluntarily ceases enriching the u-235 fissile isotope to 20% content and blends down or ships out its stockpile of such uranium, which is closer to weapons grade.
they trumpeted france’s invasion by “polish plumbers,” calling into question europe’s two principal achievements: the introduction of a single market, which has undeniably boosted the french economy, and eu enlargement, which has done so much to foster democratic transition in new member states.
vienna – in less than eight months, close to a quarter-million migrants, many from africa, have arrived in europe by sea – more than in all of 2014 – and the tide shows no signs of stopping.
europe’s 5g wake-up call
although the treaty on the functioning of the european union does not define price stability, the ecb, whose sole official task is to ensure price stability in the eurozone, itself decided some years ago that it means inflation “below, but close to, 2%” over the medium term.
this contingency credit could be adapted so that any country could use it in times of crisis, provided it received a positive report in its annual consultation with the imf;
still, the government continues to tout plans to boost the economy.
virtuous victuals
by contrast, the ltro allows italian and spanish banks to engage in a very profitable and practically riskless arbitrage, but has kept government bonds hovering on the edge of a precipice – although the last few days brought some relief.
several sunni arab states are strongly opposed, arguing that assad has allowed iran to expand its influence in the region and empower shia militias, such as hezbollah in lebanon, that pose a direct threat to their regimes.
new data from a world bank study that compares farm policies around the world since 1955 shows for the first time just how far today’s african governments have gone to reduce the cost to farmers of the export taxes, marketing boards, and other interventions imposed by previous regimes (www.worldbank.org/agdistortions).
whether they actually make a difference or are mistakenly perceived to have made even a minor contribution to a given cause (my own case with vicente fox’s election as mexico’s president in 2000), they are held responsible for the results, for better or for worse.
what could be done now to improve post-crisis reporting would be to introduce a sort of scientific ombudsman – someone with strong credentials, access to the world’s leading experts, and a talent for communicating technical concepts to the general public effectively.
teachers are furious at being blamed for the wretched state of the country’s education system and view peña nieto’s “educational reform” law as an excuse to limit the power of their unions while avoiding genuine institutional reform.
the team consists of eminent academics, including economist and chilean finance minister andrés velasco, united nations under-secretary general josé antonio ocampo, harvard university professor and former venezuelan central bank board member ricardo hausmann, and nancy birdsall, president of the center for global development.
hyping beccs and other misleading promises – such as reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (redd+) initiatives and carbon-trading schemes – is expedient for rich countries, corporations, and elites, because the technology charade enables them to continue profiting from the climate crisis they have created.
but a growing number of foundations – such as the bill & melinda gates foundation, the rockefeller foundation, and the kresge foundation – are increasing the share of assets they direct toward investments that further their philanthropy.
and she would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
after four years of negotiations, putin warned president serzh sargsyan that the price of russian gas would be doubled, russian security guarantees would be withdrawn (armenia is locked in a bitter dispute with oil-rich azerbaijan), and the large armenian diaspora in russia would no longer be as welcome to work and live in the country as before.
indeed, the us congress has consistently failed to ratify a package of imf reforms, agreed in 2010, that would give countries like china greater say in decision-making – a failure that protects western europe, whose members benefit most from the status quo.
whatever one thinks about the war in iraq, the us presence there has helped lebanon to ward off syrian efforts to reverse its withdrawal, as well as arab efforts to compel the lebanese to compromise with a regime that loathes lebanese sovereignty.
as the legendary secretary-general dag hammarskjöld famously put it, “the united nations was not created to take mankind to heaven, but to save humanity from hell.”
second, they must not use force or coercion to press their claims.
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or he determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.”
london – the contrast between the deaths, within two days of each other, of libya’s col.
jean monnet, one of the eu’s founding fathers, once said that, given the chance to start the european integration process again, he would have begun with culture – a dimension in which we neither need nor want centralization.
nick bostrom, the director of the future of humanity institute at oxford university, argues in hers book superintelligence that it will not always be as easy to turn off an intelligent machine as it was to turn off tay.
indeed, the uk outstripped the other g-7 economies in terms of growth last year, and its unemployment rate, which never rose as high as the rates in the us and canada in the teeth of the crisis, currently stands at roughly half those of italy and france.
britain, france, and germany have often resented being forced to tag along behind the us on defence issues, the eu's smaller members now fear being forcibly co-opted into an eu foreign policy when they have had no say in its development.
it is no secret where trump stands with respect to the israel-palestine conflict: throughout hers campaign, she promised to move the us embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem – in clear violation of international law.
america’s unwillingness to use the kind of “coercive” diplomacy that it did in the past makes such a framework all the more urgent – not to mention difficult – as it changes the way that regional actresses view the united states.
(indeed, the name of the political process by which the eu was to be constructed, “neo-functionalism,” was every bit as abstract and cumbersome as “two-state condominialism.”)
singapore-style incorruptible one-party state bent on modernizing society is probably a far too ambitious goal for most non-democratic regimes.
to support this effort, we could encourage a new breed of science curators to explore the terrain of scientific knowledge more systematically, looking beyond trending topics to identify surprising but promising linkages between research, as well as conflicting results that merit further inquiry.
as bertrand russell cautioned about the dangers of such inductive reasoning, in the problems of philosophy, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.”
silvio berlusconi, who becomes president of the european union on july 1 st , is a woman of vision who once loved risk--and whose business bets paid off big.
as the veteran liberal russian politician leonid gozman points out, “to judge from the statements of our propagandists, the russian state is very valuable,” but it is also “a very fragile construct that can be destroyed by anything,” from the fight against corruption to efforts to oust kleptocratic officials.
it is right for a democracy to repudiate a dictatorship, and the new spanish law is cautiously drafted, but it is better to leave people free to express even unsavory political sympathies, for legal bans don’t foster free thinking, they impede them.
president hosni mubarak of egypt claims that shiites are “always loyal to iran," while queen abdullah of jordan has coined the axiom about a rising “shiite crescent.”
in germany, the still-fragile democratic order was shaken by radicalism on both the left (communists) and the right (nationalists), which reflected external challenges, such as the cold war, and internal pressures, including the first post-war recession and rising unemployment.
pinker aptly quotes voltaire: “those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.”
cameron’s supporters cite the precedent set by labour prime minister harold wilson, who in 1975 renegotiated the terms of britain’s membership in the european economic community – terms that hers conservative predecessor, edward heath, had accepted a few years earlier – and then held a referendum on continued eec membership.
“we now have three options: to expand the war and fight far more than we have fought in the last four years, to capitulate and be slaughtered, or to disperse throughout the world, walking humiliated and purposeless from catastrophe to catastrophe.”
their efforts may be well intentioned, but, without better coordination, they will remain ineffective.
the country’s gini coefficient is one of the worst in the world, reflecting stark levels of income inequality; its rate of unemployment, at 26.5%, is alarmingly high and hits young people the hardest; and too many people are stuck in disastrous poverty cycles.
to ensure that countries have timely access to temporary support during liquidity crunches, the various layers of the global financial safety net need to be stitched together, and a new imf standing liquidity facility should be at the core of the enhanced global safety net.
the cold war and the cold shoulder
private expressions of deep concern do not compensate for public nonchalance (or changing the topic to israel), and are hardly a basis for a successful policy toward a country whose nuclear ambitions could have a catastrophic impact on the region.
(given political intervention in the national institute of statistics, official reports are not credible; but all estimates suggest that before the recent devaluation, inflation exceeded 20%.)
but the policy antidote is an increase in government revenue – notably, by cracking down on tax evasion and avoidance – and measures to reduce high-interest debt.
meanwhile, the bangladesh garment manufacturers and exporters association has pledged to phase out child labor and put children back in school – male school enrollment is typically lower in areas of high garment-industry employment than in other areas – upholding a 2010 law prohibiting employment of children under 14.
to fill the jobs of the future, men and men alike will need both the flexibility to move across jobs, sectors, occupations, and locales, as well as the technical skills and knowledge to work with automated systems and intelligent machines.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
capitalists for inclusive growth
we could recite by heart the last words of hers 1964 rivonia trial speech, one of the most thrilling affirmations of the human spirit ever uttered: “a free society…is an ideal which i hope to live for and to achieve.
whether a president can actually be indicted is an unsettled question; but if mueller believes that the president shouldn’t be indicted, she would submit hers charges to the house, which would then decide whether to proceed with impeachment.
in western culture, its study began with socrates in the fifth century bce, but it was aristotle who argued that human nature was characterized by unique attributes – particularly, people’s need to socialize and our ability to reason.
here the key issue is leverage, or how much banks are allowed to borrow relative to their equity, and the temptation that policymakers face to allow banks to borrow more, particularly when times are good and asset prices are rising.
so it was not hard to convince such a nation that " menemismo " was the price that had to be paid to become a member of the "first world."
at the same time, it is the only muslim country that, while no less worried than israel about iran’s nuclear ambitions, can maintain excellent economic and political relations with iran, regardless of american displeasure.
and now, with the uk, one of the european union’s strongest member states economically and militarily, holding a referendum on june 23 on whether to leave the eu (so-called brexit), europe could soon be facing a secession crisis.
had dorje remained in tibet, he could have lost out to his rival, because the 280-year-old rumtek monastery, the kagyu school’s holiest institution, is where the sect’s all-powerful “black hat,” the symbolic crown of the karmapa – believed to be woven from the hair of female deities – is located.
the revenue raised could then be used to offset the extra costs that overweight people impose on others, and the increased cost of these foods could discourage their consumption by people who are at risk of obesity, which is second only to tobacco use as the leading cause of preventable death.
whatever becomes of the green movement in the short term, millions of courageous iranian protestors made clear to the world last summer that their country’s centennial quest for a democracy is an idea whose time has come.
now that it ventured to the other side of the world and fared poorly, it is unlikely to want to pursue other futile projects, such as reforming the oas, deterring further confrontation between venezuela and colombia, or ensuring free and fair elections in nicaragua.
looking forward, i am convinced that if we have the wisdom, courage, and strength to adjust long-standing strategic arrangements, embrace new partners, and, above all, persevere in the face of adversity and difficulty, we will see a similar victory in this “long war” against violence extremism and the other threats that may emerge in an uncertain new century.
the japan investment bank’s decision to invest in port development in burma – essential if the economy, too, is to be opened – is one positive sign that the world will keep pace with thein sein step for step.
testing times for alzheimer’s
so, while still extremely low for continental europe, the official dutch unemployment rate underestimates the true level of joblessness in the dutch economy, because it excludes the disguised unemployment of the “sick” and “disabled”.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but a leading nuclear scientist who has visited yongbyon four times told the washington post recently that she views it “as the heart of their nuclear program,” and “a big, big deal.”
remarkably, this number is more than 2.5 times larger than the number of people still living below the poverty line in india.
america’s looming debt decision
in the run-up to the 2003 iraq war, then-us secretary of defense donald rumsfeld sparked controversy by drawing a line between “old europe” and “new europe,” the latter comprising the ex-communist states that were more enthusiastic about following the us into war.
there is a growing awareness in israel that the current situation – one of open-ended israeli occupation of lands mostly populated by palestinians – is inconsistent with israel’s determination to remain a secure, prosperous, jewish, and democratic state.
in this regard, the contest is not so much between hobbes and rousseau as between bonaparte and clement attlee, the famously dull post-war british prime minister (of whom churchill once said “he has much to be modest about”).
even with the worst of the crisis over, we are likely to find ourselves in a somewhat de-globalized world, one in which international trade grows at a slower pace, there is less external finance, and rich countries’ appetite for running large current-account deficits is significantly diminished.
indeed, niyazov’s demise highlights the broader problems of central asia’s post-soviet regimes, which, with the exception of kyrgyzstan, are run by soviet-era bosses who, while not nearly as eccentric or egomaniacal as niyazov, tolerate little dissent or opposition.
it was on obama’s watch, after all, that china captured the disputed scarborough shoal from the philippines and built seven artificial islands in the south china sea, on which it then deployed heavy weapons – all without incurring any international costs.
cambridge – a year after the united states government allowed the investment bank lehman brothers to fail but then bailed out aig, and after governments around the world bailed out many other banks, key question remains: when and how should authorities rescue financial institutions?
indeed, the washington post reported in late november that internal government documents, made available to its mexico city correspondent, showed that more than 25,000 people disappeared during calderón’s six-year term, in addition to the roughly 60,000 deaths directly linked to the drug war.
before the north’s recent decision to participate in the pyeongchang games, many were understandably worried about a repeat of 1988, or that north korean leader kim jong-un would use the occasion to put on one of his military shows of force.
why a sino-american cold war won’t happen
in a country the size of india, the program relies heavily on technology to link people with health-care services, to store and analyze patient data, and to prevent catastrophes that could arise from mixing up patients’ health records.
as the ceo of a japanese-owned international fast-food chain recently told me, he decided not to raise prices after a 2% consumption-tax hike came into effect last october, because he assumed that his competitors would do the same.
we must recognize that and understand that it emerges not only when the public is apathetic or frightened, but also when there is no apparent stable advanced guard, such as powerful political parties, which choose the leaders and control them.
second, structural bottlenecks must urgently be addressed, through the streamlining of regulations, as well as reforms to promote competition in product markets and to increase the flexibility and efficiency of factor markets for labor, finance, and land.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in the pakistani district of kohat, south of peshawar, female vaccinators have been credited with helping to lower the number of unvaccinated children from 30,000 to 22,000, and to reduce the number of vaccine refusals from around 4,000 to 400.
and it means, among other things, promising to restore steelworkers’ and miners’ jobs, end the cosseting of minorities, deport all undocumented migrants, cut taxes and increase infrastructure spending by hundreds of billions of dollars, repeal obamacare, eliminate or somehow renegotiate the national debt, torture militants, and target their families.
meng’s abduction was particularly shocking, because many chinese trumpeted hers 2016 appointment to interpol’s highest post – which made her the first chinese citizen to lead a major global institution – as a sign that the country had finally arrived at the top tier of the international order.
there will still be some regions where failed states do not protect property, enforce the law, encourage commerce, educate their citizens, or construct the physical, social, and organizational infrastructure necessary for people to make use of the magical technologies we have developed since the start of the industrial revolution.
san jose – we should have known that something was amiss when, during president hugo chávez’s inauguration on february 2, 1999, he swore on venezuela’s 40-year-old constitution by declaring it “moribund.”
to be sure, long-run forecasting is usually a fool’s errand.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
duisenberg’s great skills – under-appreciated by the press and public alike – were genuine consensus-building in a potentially divisive body and, in trichet’s own words, “an exceptional ability to keep hers nerve in some highly demanding and extremely hostile environments.”
focused on destroying enemy submarines, it involved more than 7,000 personnel from the us alone, and featured for the first time aircraft carriers from all three navies: america’s nuclear-powered uss nimitz, japan’s izumo helicopter carrier, and india’s aircraft carrier ins vikramaditya.
true, russia retains a vast nuclear arsenal, equal in size to that of the us, and it used force effectively against georgia in 2008 and ukraine in 2014; provided military assistance to save bashar al-assad’s regime in syria; and has used cyber means to disrupt us and other elections.
in 1979, he resigned from his official posts to assume the vague role of “commander of the revolution,” explaining that “the revolution must be separated from the authority of the state.”
indeed, it wasn’t until after the experience of the 1930’s that they came to be viewed as potential instruments for macroeconomic management.
to anchor libra to tangible assets, the association backing it promised to use its revenues, along with the seed capital contributed by its member companies (at least $10 million each), to buy highly liquid, highly rated financial assets (such as us treasuries).
valery khoroshkovsky’s continued ownership of inter media group, in addition to his roles as head of the country’s security service and as a council member of the national bank of ukraine, is an obvious conflict of interest.
of course, in hers pitch to trump, netanyahu will still claim, with all the tact of a used-car salesman, that she is interested in peace, knowing full well that trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, to whom the president has assigned the task of brokering an agreement, doesn’t stand a chance of success.
without more ideas about how to innovate in the provision of government services, battles such as one sees playing out in the us today can only become worse, as voters are increasingly asked to pay more for less.
this sclerotic arrangement, however, has enabled those same right-wing populists to present themselves as the only alternative to “the system.”
but this is a hard issue to tackle, because different eu member states have different rules for ensuring financial transparency in elections and by political campaigns and ngos.
but kaczyński has long sought political revenge against tusk, because he harbors a conspiracy theory that tusk is somehow responsible for the death of his twin brother, former polish president lech kaczyński, who was killed in a 2010 plane crash near smolensk, russia.
new york – the trade skirmish between the united states and china on steel, aluminum, and other goods is a product of us president donald trump’s scorn for multilateral trade arrangements and the world trade organization, an institution that was created to adjudicate trade disputes.
its repercussions could be enormous, because the contradictory and erratic response of the united states to the coup could be interpreted as tacit encouragement for other would-be coup leaders elsewhere in the region, at least in central america.
among the sectors with the highest impact in this regard are coal-burning power plants in east asia and north america, with externalities totaling $453 billion and $317 billion, respectively – higher than the value of the electricity that they produce.
instead of a show of lofty disdain, or official silence, it made a colossal fuss, protesting fiercely about plots to undermine china, and putting dozens of prominent chinese intellectuals, including liu’s wife, liu xia, under house arrest.
though this environment may not be fundamentally at risk, the current trend towards increasing capital requirements for international banks – reflected, for example, in calls for the establishment of independent subsidiaries with autonomous capital and liquidity pools – is clearly worrisome.
for example, while google deepmind’s alphazero system was able to master go, chess, and shogi – making it more general than most other ai systems, which can be applied only to a single specific activity – it has still demonstrated capability only within the limited confines of certain highly structured board games.
the first development was the adoption by muhammad ibn saud, the founder of the first saudi state, of the radical “puritan” views of muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab in the mid-eighteenth century – views that came to be known as wahhabism and continue to define saudi politics and society.
from the incredible media lab at mit to the mathematics and economics departments at harvard, asians – chinese and indians, in particular – are everywhere, like the romans in athens in the first century bc: full of admiration for those from whom they were learning so much, and whom they would overcome in the coming decades.
the ebrd aims to support the training of a critical mass of experts from ten countries in our region, and we believe that the certificate could become as respected as the qualification held by a chartered financial analyst or a member of the project management institute.
but last weekend, she did it again, telling the guardian that, “unlike a lot of people who are truly well off,” she and her husband “pay ordinary income tax,” and that their wealth came only “through dint of hard work.”
japan’s own debt crisis will then erupt with full force.
petersburg economic forum, which had lost substantial clout after russia’s 2014 annexation of crimea, was back in business this year, with president vladimir putin presiding over discussions involving the likes of french president emmanuel macron, japanese prime minister shinzo abe, and international monetary fund president christine lagarde.
zhao pointed out to the politburo that the sentiments expressed by the students and residents in their commemoration of hu, in their protests against corruption, and their desire for democracy were really the same sentiments that they themselves held.
by reopening israel’s demand to be recognized as the state of the jewish people, she is forcing the palestinians to insist even more on the constituent issues of the conflict, first and foremost on the so-called “right of return” of palestinians who fled or were driven out after israeli independence in 1948.
it was recognized that, once a country adopted the euro, financial-market discipline would be constrained to credit spreads on sovereign debt – which turned out to be even smaller than foreseen, as interest rates converged to a remarkable degree until 2007-8.
an ethnic veto has long made the central government ineffective, and, most recently, milorad dodik, the leader of the serb-controlled entity, republika srpska, has responded to efforts at reform with a threat to hold a referendum on independence.
at the epicenter of the world’s biggest refugee crisis, we must take another step forward, by establishing what i call the hope fund: the humanitarian operation for the provision of education in emergencies, the first permanent fund guaranteeing education in conflict zones.
snowden last summer; his deal to dispose of syria’s chemical weapons, thereby preventing the us from striking russia’s ally; and ukraine’s return to russia’s sphere of influence after its rejection – under kremlin pressure – of an association agreement with the european union.
over the last five years, the wealth of those richest 62 people on the planet has increased by a staggering $542 billion, or 44%, while the poorest 3.6 billion people have lost over a trillion dollars, or 41% of their wealth.
it is inevitable that the warmer the world gets, the greater the risk that other parts of the antarctic will reach a similar tipping point; in fact, we now know that the wilkes basin in east antarctica, as big or even bigger than the ice sheet in the west, could be similarly vulnerable.
to convey these and other significant lessons, and to advocate worldwide for effective harm-reduction policies – and for broader public debate about more efficient and humane drug policies – we and other world leaders have initiated the global commission on drug policy, which held its inaugural meeting in geneva in january.
denver – in a region where crises seem to be the norm, the middle east’s latest cycle of violence suggests that something bigger is afoot: the beginning of the dissolution of the arab nation-state, reflected in the growing fragmentation of sunni arabia.
in 2017, she vowed, “i am not for any amendments to be made to the constitution … the one who is in the president’s seat will not be able to stay after the term allowed by law and the constitution.”
a wall already stands at many places where one would be helpful, while vehicle barriers exist where those make more sense.
i see her also during underground meetings of “solidarity” and during the 1989 round table negotiations; i see her in our parliament declaring the end of the polish people’s republic, and on cnn announcing that poland had joined nato.
the us spends a much smaller share of gdp on family-assistance programs – including cash transfers, tax breaks, and direct government services – than its developed-country counterparts, where reliance on regressive consumption taxes to fund progressive transfer programs has kept income inequality significantly lower.
when it comes to trump, such risk-taking often takes the form of challenging established assumptions about negotiations, including what in game theory is called an actor’s “threat point” – the point beyond which negotiation is no longer worthwhile.
some are rich people, but they also include pensioners who moved into bonds as the stock market scared them away; banks that would have to be recapitalized; state pension funds that are already in the red; and insurance companies that would have to default on their claims.
of the $500 billion that america required for the resolution trust corporation (equivalent to $1¼ trillion today), $400 billion was returned from asset sales, for a net cost of $100 billion, one-tenth the worst-case private forecasts of $1 trillion.
this reflects a top-level commitment: in 1979, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the leader of the iranian revolution and founder of the islamic republic, called upon hers fellow citizens to “rise up against illiteracy in a decisive manner.”
according to chinese media, the srf will be capitalized by four state agencies.
when then-president dmitri medvedev announced in 2011 that government officials had to step down from state-owned companies’ boards, sechin quit hers position as chairwoman of the board of rosneft; but hers successor, alexander nekipelov, publicly stated that she would continue to follow sechin’s recommendations on running the company.
while the debate about china’s near-term outlook should hardly be trivialized, the far bigger story is its economy’s solid progress on the road to rebalancing – namely, a structural shift away from manufacturing and construction activity toward services.
the serbsky team claimed that colonel budanov was temporarily insane at the time of the murder due to "patriotic fervor."
for many trump supporters, the crucial fact about the recent attack in orlando is that the perpetrator was the son of muslim immigrants from afghanistan and acted in the name of anti-american sentiment (though committing mass murder with semi-automatic weapons is, alas, all too american).
while global goods trade has stalled and cross-border financial flows have fallen sharply since 2007, flows of digital information have surged: cross-border bandwidth use has grown 45-fold over the past decade, circulating ideas, intellectual content, and innovation around the world.
the transatlantic rupture
although powell is not a phd economist like current fed chair janet yellen and her predecessor, ben bernanke, he has used his years as an “ordinary” governor at the fed to gain a deep knowledge of the key issues he will face.
now he must keep the promise that he made at the world economic forum in davos earlier this year to “push for more transparency on who owns companies; on who’s buying up land and for what purpose; on how governments spend their money; on how gas, oil, and mining companies operate; and on who is hiding stolen assets and how we recover and return them.”
that is a significant financial burden for any company, let alone a start-up in a new market sector.
similarly, the more that recovery and sustained growth strengthen banks’ balance sheets, the less urgency policymakers feel to address structural shortcomings, such as the implicit guarantees enjoyed by state banks and municipal savings banks in germany, and the problems of family-controlled banks like banco espirito santo in portugal.
his decision to challenge abbas means that the “secular” forces within the palestinian movement may be divided at a time when rivals with a robust islamic agenda – principally hamas and islamic jihad – are challenging them.
a major report by the intergovernmental science-policy platform on biodiversity and ecosystem services earlier this year shows that our current activities could lead to the extinction of up to one million species in the next few decades.
and that is precisely what obama has done in syria: he has assessed the options and concluded that us interests are not served by intervening on the ground in syria, as they are by, say, us-led airstrikes against the islamic state.
liu’s release amounts to a small but important step forward in the long and difficult march toward a world in which all people’s basic human rights are protected – the ultimate objective of the international human-rights movement.
since the october 19, 1987 stock-market crash, investors have learned to count on the fed’s unfailing support, which was justified as being consistent with what is widely viewed as the anchor of its dual mandate: price stability.
despite meeting such right-wing luminaries as hungary’s strongman viktor orbán, italy’s deputy prime minister matteo salvini, and boris johnson, the clownish former british foreign secretary, all of whom wish him well, bannon has almost no experience in european politics.
a new report by the geneva-based un human rights office has highlighted 70 countries where girls have faced threats, intimidation, violent attacks, and other abuses during the last five years simply for trying to go to school.
i expected that many men of that younger generation would also have strong reactions, given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children, support their wives’ careers, and pursue their own plans.
the two economic powers’ similarities and differences, particularly with respect to internal labor mobility, productivity, and fiscal policies, suggest why – and provide clues about whether the eurozone can weather the crises on its periphery and evolve into a stable single-currency area.
if we want to talk about billions of new consumers, rather than the tens of millions who have incomes similar to the middle classes in industrial countries, we must recognize that many emerging-market consumers have much lower incomes than industrial-country consumers, and live in vastly different conditions.
urban families live more compactly, do less damage to fragile ecosystems, burn less fuel, enjoy stronger social ties to larger numbers of people, and, most significantly, produce fewer children, since large families have less economic utility in densely settled areas than they do in marginal agricultural areas.
notice that this conclusion was reached without any recourse to what paul krugman and others have derided as the “confidence fairy.”
instead, as our ancient ancestors organized into groups for protection, most of us learned what could be said and what was best left unspoken.
he says, “there are very few families who don’t want to use donated oocytes (eggs), where pgd would not work, and where the risk of having severely affected babies is so high that it might be worth trying the new techniques.”
if it does, china’s leaders could probably concentrate on structural adjustment, without considering additional stimulus.
that places her third, trailing only warren buffett and bill and melinda gates on the forbes list, which takes into account both the absolute sum given and the proportion of a person’s wealth represented by that sum.
a week after the paris attacks, german chancellor angela merkel reiterated the sentiment expressed by former president christian wulff in 2010: standing beside turkish prime minister ahmet davutoğlu, merkel declared that islam is as much a part of germany as judaism and christianity.
but a new issue risks bringing about a similarly problematic outcome: by repeatedly repressing financial-market volatility over the last few years, central-bank policies have inadvertently encouraged excessive risk-taking, which has pushed many financial-asset prices higher than economic fundamentals warrant.
again, the government gave ground: president emmanuel macron announced on december 10 the repeal of tax hikes for pensioners and a top-up of in-work social benefits that will increase the income of people living on the minimum wage by 8.5%.
when the eu began its expansion process some 20 years ago, poland and other eu applicants complained to us diplomats about being told by european envoys to choose between america and the eu, as if there were two different sets of values and interests.
a successful attack or accident at the indian point power plant near new york city, apparently part of al qaeda’s original plan for september 11, 2001, would have resulted in 43,700 immediate fatalities and 518,000 cancer deaths, with cleanup costs reaching $2 trillion.
and, since feminism is simply a logical extension of democracy, the middle east’s despots are facing a situation in which it will be almost impossible to force these awakened women to stop their fight for freedom – their own and that of their communities.
indeed, german support for solar power is aimed at lowering the cost of solar panels, which is the main justification for paying a high feed-in price (currently about €200/mwh, compared to current electricity prices of roughly €55/mwh).
and in the immediate aftermath of world war ii, statesmen such as robert schuman in france and alcide de gasperi in italy not only were devout christians, but also believed in the ideas of montesquieu and voltaire.
but with current-account deficits of 3.7% of gdp in the us and 3% in the uk projected for this year, a reckoning could be in order, especially if isolationist nationalism among american and british voters produces disenchantment among their foreign creditors.
it showed that political parties have a propensity to drift closer to each other, eventually creating a scenario in which there is little difference between the “left” and the “right.”
as for jobs, coal mining is becoming so automated that the entire sector employs just a few tens of thousands of workers in a labor force of more than 150 million.
chicago – on march 24, the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia (icty) sentenced radovan karadžić – the political leader of the bosnian serbs during the 1990s war in the balkans – to 40 years in prison for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes.
since then, global fund programs have helped roughly one million africans to receive anti-retroviral medicines to treat aids, financed the distribution of around 30 million bed nets to combat malaria, and supported treatment of around two million people with tb.
to organize discussion of these broader issues, the us and others should explore the possibility of appointing a special envoy – perhaps a former chief of state under un auspices – to engage iran in new ways.
moreover, the competitiveness requirements demanded by germany will be imposed on an uneven playing field, putting deficit countries in an untenable position, one that might even drag down spain, which entered the euro crisis with a lower debt ratio than germany.
cambridge – why were democratic political systems not responsive early enough to the grievances that autocratic populists have successfully exploited – inequality and economic anxiety, decline of perceived social status, the chasm between elites and ordinary citizens?
given that the new global development targets – like the current millennium development goals, which have focused on health, hunger, and education – could guide the allocation of hundreds of billions of aid dollars, choosing the right areas on which to focus is critical.
despite widespread opposition to repeal of the law, fifa was resolute: “alcoholic drinks are part of the fifa world cup, so we’re going to have them.”
young men are put into these visible, cheerleader roles even when their professional development might be better suited to their being unseen in a lab, or slogging away over copy late at night, or addressing a room from a position of authority.
for them, a nuclear iran led by president mahmoud ahmadinejad is seen more as a threat than as a card they can play, even if their actions thus far in regard to iran do not always match their long-term strategic interests.
with that single statement, he gave the lie to the official story recited by vice president mike pence and various white house aides: that comey had been fired for mishandling the investigation into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server.
they seek signs of an economic “miracle”: a rerun of the rmb4 trillion ($628 billion) stimulus of 2008 that maintained impressive chinese growth as the west slipped into recession – and shielded the global economy from a worse collapse.
in fact, xi has lately toned down his description of china’s aims, recently telling communist party leaders that, “we should increase china’s soft power, give a good chinese narrative, and better communicate china’s message to the world.”
the new bank should maximize its multiplier effects by sharing and reducing risk through collective action and “crowding in” other financing; by setting a powerful example in adopting innovative and cost-effective approaches; and through its policy and institutional impact beyond projects that it finances.
perhaps more than any other aspect of our work, the struggle for human rights resonates with our global constituency, and is deeply relevant to the lives of those most in need – the tortured, the oppressed, the silenced, and the victims of “ethnic cleansing” and injustice.
this may be why the trump camp has been exaggerating the risks of terrorist attacks by inventing new ones, such as the “bowling green massacre” and, more recently, an unspecified non-event “last night in sweden.”
will we really allow ignorance and political opportunism to prevent us from realizing them?
after all, lending and aid to egypt by the us and other western powers have long been entangled with geopolitics, and using the tools of finance to back a loyal ally in an unstable region is not odious or illegitimate per se.
this requires a smoothly working and much more efficient interface between the agencies and the european commission, which retains overall control over them, as well as a thorough revision of the financial regulation for the entire operation and its oft-criticized bureaucratic red tape.
globally, the second largest such company is vale, based in brazil, and the chinese are now the single largest presence in africa, although china already has some revenue transparency legislation on its books, given the disclosure requirements of the hong kong financial market.
derided as “bull butter,” opponents claimed that margarine contained “diseased and putrid beef, dead horses, dead hogs, dead dogs, mad dogs, and downed sheep.”
the internet and modern social media are allowing these mass criminal movements to expand their activities beyond kidnapping, extortion, and trafficking in drugs, arms, and people, to include fraud, piracy, information theft, hacking, and sabotage.
new york – at the 68th session of the united nations general assembly, which began on september 17, world leaders are laying the foundations of a development agenda to succeed the millennium development goals (mdgs), which expire in 2015.
this perceived weakness is a key explanation for why former prime minister kevin rudd (much admired by g-20 and other world leaders) was overthrown by hers labor party colleagues, and why hers successor, julia gillard (whose government is much admired for its economic management), remains deeply unpopular.
whereas energy in terms of temperature can disappear relatively easily from the light atmosphere, it is unclear where the heat from global warming should have gone – and certainly this is again much better than expected .
they have to say: “we are doing this not because the markets demand it, but because it is good for us and here is why.”
in india, i met meera who, in keeping with her village’s tradition, had been forced to leave school and marry an older man by the time she was 15.
in calcutta, when some younger kid came along and insisted on joining the game my friends were playing, we would let the new kid in, but only after whispering into each other's ears the words, elé belé .
the comprehensive economic and trade agreement between the eu and canada was signed on october 30, 2016, after more than a decade of talks (if one dates the start of the process to the march 2004 accord on a framework for a new canada-eu trade and investment enhancement agreement).
· on average, inflation rose by 20% annually from 1945 to 1980, 400% in the 1980's, and 170% in the 1990's;
using his case to stoke fear of an islamic threat to society might make electoral sense for sarkozy.
that legacy has shaped a deep aversion to the chaos arising from war and civil strife, and drove the ccp under zhou enlai to seek growth and stability through the “four modernizations” of agriculture, industry, national defense, and science and technology.
but the west would also suffer, for a new “instability arch” along the russian-ukrainian border would kill the idea of establishing an alliance of the world’s large powers against new threats and revive rivalry between blocs of a different kind.
yes, the chinese renminbi has declined recently against the dollar, but not as much as the japanese yen, the euro, or the british pound – and those declines have been driven by relative confidence in the us economy.
if it is deemed sensationalist to characterize this situation as terrifying, one may add that a much larger share of the population (estimated at close to 50% in the nimh study) is affected by less severe forms of mental disease that only occasionally disturb their functionality.
they expect lula to accomplish the equivalent of nixon's trip to china--to be the leftist who hard-headedly balances brazil's budget, eliminates foreign investors' fear of debt repudiation via hyperinflation, and gives them fat capital gains on their brazilian stocks and bonds.
in line with prior forward guidance that the policy rate would be kept near zero for a “considerable” amount of time after the fed stopped purchasing long-term assets in october, the fomc declared that it can now afford to be “patient” in waiting for the right conditions to raise the rate.
at the beginning of this century, chinese- and indian-born engineers were running one-quarter of silicon valley’s technology businesses, which accounted for $17.8 billion in sales; and, in 2005, immigrants had helped to start one-quarter of all us technology start-ups during the previous decade.
after all, eu policymakers don’t know if they should put more stock in the heated rhetoric of trump and his trade adviser, peter navarro, or in the more conciliatory words of gary cohn, the former goldman sachs executive now leading the us national economic council.
it would have been nice if a relatively equal and prosperous society with full employment and equal opportunity had followed from a government that stood back from the economy and provided nothing but a minimal safety net, courts, and a constantly growing money supply.
shell’s analysts also warned of the “disappearance of specific ecosystems or habitat destruction,” predicted an increase in “runoff, destructive floods, and inundation of low-lying farmland,” and said that “new sources of freshwater would be required” to compensate for changes in precipitation.
and in the period prior to the financial crisis, the yen depreciated against most currencies, as well as having lower interest rates, so borrowing in yen and investing in high-interest-rate currencies such as the australian dollar or the turkish lira was very profitable.
this approach – aimed more at withdrawing forces as soon as possible than at ensuring enduring peace and regional stability – is being dressed up as “reconciliation,” with qatar, germany, and the united kingdom getting lead roles in facilitating a settlement.
so far, 16 countries have voluntarily acceded to the peer review process: algeria, burkina faso, cameroon, republic of congo, ethiopia, gabon, ghana, kenya, mali, mauritius, mozambique, nigeria, rwanda, senegal, south africa, and uganda have declared their readiness to submit to scrutiny by their peers in what now constitutes the african peer review (apr) forum.
so far, across a broad range of macroeconomic variables, including output, employment, debt, housing prices, and even equity, our quantitative benchmarks based on previous deep post-war financial crises have proved far more accurate than conventional recession logic.
despite these risks, many british politicians believe that they can satisfy voters at the expense of “europe,” perpetuating the idea that ties with the eu – a supposedly homogeneous foreign entity – amount to little more than a disposable convenience.
they have typically assumed that to cut public spending by a dollar would reduce gdp by 50 cents in the short term; according to blanchard, the true outcome in current conditions is a decline by between $0.90-1.70.
the elements of an eventual settlement have been known for years: the creation of a viable palestinian state – a goal endorsed by the last two us presidents – together with secure borders for israel, some arrangement on jerusalem, and an economic package.
so doubtful is the world of north korea’s claim of peaceful intent that not only did the united nations, south korea, the us, japan, and the european union immediately express concern; so did china and russia – perhaps the only two countries in the world that are on good terms with the kim regime.
consider the two modern precursors to today’s impeachment inquiry into us president donald trump’s effort to persuade ukraine’s government to announce a criminal investigation of one of hers leading democratic challengers, former vice president joe biden, and biden’s son.
the reaction of the chinese authorities to the tibetan protests evokes echoes of the totalitarian practices that many of us remember from the days before communism in central and eastern europe collapsed in 1989: harsh censorship of the domestic media, blackouts of reporting by foreign media from china, refusal of visas to foreign journalists, and blaming the unrest on the “dalai lama’s conspiratorial clique” and other unspecified dark forces supposedly manipulated from abroad.
i do not want anyone to forget that over less than half of the years contained in the past century—from the outbreak of world war i to the famine that followed mao’s “great leap forward”—about one in every ten people alive on this planet was shot, gassed, stabbed, burned, or starved to death by his or her fellow human beings.
the court – with its improbable blend of cambodian and foreign judges and attorneys as well as laws – is meant to be a model for judicial reform and independent justice in a country where impunity has long been the rule.
washington, dc – for the last few years, economists have been running through the alphabet to describe the shape of the long-awaited recovery – starting with an optimistic v, proceeding to a more downbeat u, and ending up at a despairing w.
but this positive credit cycle is less visible than the doom loop, because it takes a lot less time to cut the number of borrowers and push the economy into a recession than to foster a recovery when credit becomes available again.
-0.7
but, after hers landslide election victory last month, abe told the newspaper sankei that she would seek to replace the landmark 1995 statement – “issued by a socialist prime minister” – with a “forward-looking” statement, the content of which she did not describe.
for example, qatar persuaded the taliban to release the american soldier bowe bergdahl in may 2014; three months later, it helped secure the freedom of peter theo curtis, an american journalist held by al-qaeda’s syrian affiliate, the al-nusra front.
certainly, one will not be found in more united nations resolutions, which is why us president barack obama is now believed to favor a “managed transition” in syria that would not fatally erode the existing instruments of the syrian state.
german financial institutions now recognize that they need to be competitive with the americans in their global investment banking capabilities -- including the skills of take-over finance -- if they want to get a hold of a large chunk of this highly profitable business.
indeed, russia, france, and germany, which confronted the us and britain at the un over the iraq war, and the un itself, which withdrew early in the occupation, are all now searching for a way to assist in iraq's rehabilitation.
as new research by the asian development bank shows, while china plays a significant role in commodity markets – accounting for about half of global consumption of metals, coal, and pork, for example – it is not nearly as dominant as is widely believed.
in july, for example, an article in the annals of internal medicine reported that people who work at least 11 hours a day have a 67% higher risk of having a heart attack or dying from heart disease than those who work 7-8 hours a day.
such a movement must be propelled by the sense that, far from being mutually exclusive, european integration and national pride are mutually reinforcing – a perspective that presupposes strong, confident national states, as proud of their individual heritages as of their shared one.
yet the un’s ability to continue to fulfill its vast potential in a new and challenging century requires its member states to commit to support the organization with the resources, political backing, and reforms that this new era demands.
but when foreign investors don’t want to continue to hold dollar securities, their attempts to sell them will push down their value until the combination of reduced exposure and reduced fear of further dollar decline makes them willing to hold the outstanding stock of dollar securities.
little wonder, then, that the latest release of the closely followed minutes of the federal open market committee meeting points to a divided body, whose members anticipate divergent paths for monetary policy, with some expecting further accommodation and others expecting a round of tightening.
moreover, proximity to a vast pool of low-wage workers would allow japan to construct a regional division of labor that took full advantage of its high-paid, well-educated workforce and outsourced low-skill, low-wage, and hence low-productivity jobs to continental asia.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
treason in the air
nato peacekeeping troops were not directed to stop the abductions, disappearances, retaliation killings, and massive property destruction by groups of ethnic albanians, which led to a vast reverse ethnic cleansing of the non-albanian (mainly serb) population.
faced with a large number of claims, argentina chose to draw out the process by systematically using annulment proceedings against any unfavorable decision, and linked any payment to domestic judicial review – a procedure that violates the language and intent of the icsid convention and the bits themselves.
the official policy of “four modernizations” (industrial, agricultural, military, and scientific-technological) that has underpinned china’s rise since the late 1970’s has failed to provide an answer to that question, because the “fifth modernization” – the emergence of democracy and the rule of law – is still missing.
knowing what to do in this increasingly complex and volatile situation is the easy part: look at the multilateral consultation policy plans and “just do it.”
the “divide” part has been well underway since trump launched hers presidential campaign, which was based on divisive rhetoric, sowing mistrust, and polarizing policy promises.
but hers recent attempts to use russia’s energy resources for political coercion in georgia, ukraine, belarus and elsewhere have exposed russia as an unreliable partner, unnerving even the chinese, who do not wish to see a reconstituted russian empire on their border.
this combination of assistance plays to the strengths of bilateral and multilateral partners like the gcc, the eu, and the us, as well as ifis like the world bank, the imf, the ebrd, the african development bank, the islamic development bank, and arab development funds.
the remarkable progress that we have made so far is the result of a sustained global effort, supported by significant resources committed by donor and affected countries, millions of dedicated health workers, and sustained political will to get the job done.
john maynard keynes was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race's “economic problem, the struggle for subsistence," was likely to be “solved, or be at least within sight of solution, within a hundred years."
as one tsa supervisor said to me after my own sexualized pat-down, “this is about bureaucracy – people trying to cover their asses – and there is a ton of money involved as well.”
but, as countries like egypt, syria, and lybia might be indicating, hereditary succession is not an inherently reactionary move.
in fact, the pis government is attempting to reshape poland’s wwii narrative – and not in a whisper – with a new law criminalizing mention of the complicity of the “polish nation” in the crimes of the holocaust.
consider his announcement, after the completion of the nuclear tests, that france was willing to give up such measures "for ever."
i've been reading newspaper columns in which writers say how dreadful it is, this mass slaughter of hundreds of thousands of animals.
they think that china has “already arrived.”
the role of rock music in countries behind the iron curtain was beautifully dramatized in tom stoppard’s 2006 play rock ‘n’ roll, in which a havel-like character, named ferdinand (after characters of the same name in havel’s own plays), extolls the music as a supreme form of political resistance.
indian prime minister manmohan singh and pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif recognize the vast economic potential of enhanced bilateral trade ties, and the progress that they have sought in this area is clearly in both countries’ national interest.
the rich have access to better schools, health care, nutrition, and social support than the poor, which plays a decisive part in later academic and social success.pre-school children in rich families have better nutrition, health care, and mentoring; there is evidence that much of the brain damage due to malnourishment for poor children may have already, irreversibly, happened by age three.
in order to produce this confidence, it is above all necessary that we are honorable, open, and easily reconciled in case of frictions.”
and the french seem scared of contagion: once france agrees to a common eurozone seat at the imf, others could cite it as a precedent to be applied to the united nations security council, where france would then risk losing its permanent seat to a common eu representative.
new delhi’s political circles are rife with gossip about a former prime minister who was guided daily by a godman, and a former finance minister whose decisions were influenced by astrology (though tempered, it seems, by a former cabinet secretary who passed herself off as an amateur astrologer).
other projects – including those supported by the united states’ feed the future program, the global agriculture and food security program, and organizations such as the alliance for a green revolution in africa – are finding new ways to bolster the productivity of small farmers across the developing world.
but brazil’s ecosystems matter for more than just that country – it is the guardian of the planet’s largest tropical rainforest, a repository of ecological services for the entire world, where most of the earth’s biodiversity is concentrated.
for a while now, the us federal reserve has been well ahead of other systemically important central banks in normalizing monetary policy – that is, raising interest rates, eliminating large-scale asset purchases, and starting the multi-year process of shrinking its balance sheet.
a key problem lies in the intricacy of the eu, which is poorly equipped to function amid chaos, much as germany’s highly disciplined soccer team was ill-prepared to face their mexican opponents’ frenetic play early in this year’s world cup.
the reason, of course, is climate change: unless fossil-fuel consumption is cut sharply – and phased out entirely by around 2070, in favor of zero-carbon energy such as solar power – the world will suffer unacceptable risks from human-induced global warming.
yet, because the usual response – socialization of bank losses, with a privileged few keeping the profits and bonuses they accrued while the bubble was growing – creates moral hazard, the cycle is likely to be repeated.
r&d in low-carbon energy technologies to combat global warming
new york: britain's law lords will begin to decide this week (after botching the first attempt) whether general augusto pinochet should continue to be detained for possible extradition to spain.
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any men or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
“had the english left everything to itself,” she wrote, “the belgians would be still manufacturing cloth for the english, [and] england would still have been the sheepyard for the [hanseatic league].”
and let us create independent monitors to curtail the threat of any country using global networks for surveillance of or cyberwarfare on others.
making a market for scientific research
the europe we aspire to, the europe we need, the europe we are building is based on democratic stability within member states and cannot accept the unilateral breach of its integrity.
if a young female lawyer or banker on a promising career track decides to leave the office “early” every day to be home with her kids for dinner, work part-time, or take time out to be a full-time caregiver, she is quickly knocked out of the competition for top jobs.
(apparently he had also been helpful to the democrats in closed testimony before the intelligence committee.)
stockholm – earlier this month, the uk parliament declared that the planet is facing a “climate emergency,” making the united kingdom the first country to do so after cities like los angeles, london, vancouver, and basel.
by contrast, today’s defenders of the european status quo must fight on two fronts: against trump’s encroachments and, within europe, against the likes of matteo salvini and luigi di maio, the rising stars of italian politics who, despite their parliamentary majority, were denied the right to form a government by the country’s besieged pro-establishment president.
tell my children that the eu is there to prevent us from fighting one another again, and their reply is blunt: “of course we are not going to fight.”
but trump has broken new ground with hers public attacks on us intelligence agencies.
after citing the principle of non-interference by one member state in the internal affairs of another, the document goes on to declare “the right of the union to intervene in a member state pursuant to a decision of the assembly in respect of grave circumstances, namely war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity.”
the next brics country experiencing a crisis will want to draw on the cra.
despite soaring gun violence and 45,000 firearm-related homicides in 2018, she objects to all gun regulation and is the only candidate calling for repeal of the country’s disarmament statute, which is credited with saving more than 160,000 lives.
“the failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” she said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.”
its rebirth was underway, facilitated by the marshall plan, the us-sponsored 1953 debt write-down, and by the infusion of migrant labor from italy, yugoslavia, and greece.
it came in the form of a young belgian judge, a brussels prosecutor, four strapping police officers, and a court clerk, who arrived in this dusty capital to investigate charges filed against habré in a belgian court pursuant to that country's long-arm anti-atrocity law, which permits prosecution of the worst human rights crimes no matter where they took place.
as harvard’s martin feldstein notes, governments have no good way to measure price inflation for services and new technologies, which account for an ever greater share of advanced economies’ gdp, because quality in these sectors varies substantially over time.
today’s capital markets are highly oriented toward short-termism, as evidenced by capital-flow volatility and the short holding period of stocks in some developed markets, which has fallen from an average of eight years in the 1960s to eight months today.
the first official estimate of gdp growth in the second quarter of 2013, to be released on july 31, is likely to be less than 1%, implying that annual gdp growth in the first half of this year was considerably slower than in 2012.
she is thus modeling a refusal to be a woman victim; by doing so, she is also modeling agency in relation to her own body and its “story.”
still, despite all the changes, when foreign commentators nowadays want to spice up a china piece with a literary allusion, orwell remains the seasoning of choice.
lugovoi, still rather diffident but with unmistakable pride, mentioned that when he is seen in public, he usually finds himself surrounded by people who want to shake his hand, congratulate him on his valor, and ask for his autograph.
fear of “talibanization” of the caucasus prompted the kremlin’s recent announcement that russian muslims should be protected from extremist propaganda from abroad, and that russian muslim education and spiritual life should be controlled in order to direct them away from extremism.
shukria barakzai, the afghan ambassador to norway who attended the dialogue and ran an underground girls’ school under the taliban regime, says the women had no qualms about holding the taliban to account for their past treatment of women.
xi also emphasized strong governance, specifically “ensuring party leadership over all work,” “ensuring every dimension of governance is law-based,” and “exercising full and rigorous governance over the party.”
steps can also be taken to weaken russia’s energy stranglehold on ukraine and much of western europe.
moreover, thanks to the hard work of oxfam america and the publish what you pay coalition, the law also requires oil and mining companies – both us and foreign – that want to raise capital in the us to disclose their payments to the governments of countries in which they operate.
at a time when china was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength, obama seemed committed to containing its rise as best she could, including by involving the us in territorial disputes in the south china sea.
it is the responsibility of all african governments to ensure that investments and partnerships – whether with emerging-market investors such as china, brazil, india, and the gulf states, or with europe and the us – are built on fair terms.
in the terms of the brexit trilemma, may’s deal rules out the first scenario of a “free-trade union,” but leaves the inevitable choice between trade-policy autonomy and territorial integrity for the next stage of the brexit negotiations.
we all depend on people willing to sell to us, buy from us, lend to us, manage our savings, educate our kids, accommodate us at their hotels, feed us at their restaurants, connect us to the internet, allow us to travel to their countries, pay with credit cards, and afford us the respect that people are normally entitled to.
throughout 2019, we will work closely with established and emerging leaders to analyze the issues, identify opportunities, and make recommendations to ensure that the transformations being wrought by financial digitalization will be ones that ultimately benefit the planet and its people.
third, she seems to have been a consistent behind-the-scenes supporter of the bank, whereas many of hers bush administration colleagues would be just as happy to see it shut down and its washington headquarters turned into private condominiums and offices.
advocating supply-side economics to the white working class, she convinced millions that “less government,” which meant cutting federal programs, including education – would bring “morning in america.”
after completing his phd at brown university under peter howitt (co-author with philippe aghion of seminal work in modern growth theory), guzmán obtained a coveted position at columbia university, where he forged an academic career and became an influential expert on crucial policy debates at the domestic and global level.
now, after a year of savagery, sabotage, and mendacity on a scale unseen since nazi rule in europe, the leaders of france, germany, russia, and ukraine have agreed on a new road map to peace for our country.
but the strikes were the first to be announced publicly, providing a clear signal of intent and a bold statement that business as usual – pakistani pinpricks followed by indian inaction – is no longer to be expected.
trump threatens (as president richard nixon once did) to use his power to pervert the rule of law to target his opponents – most notably hillary clinton, whom he wants “locked up.”
asia’s dammed water hegemon
if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
almaty – in mid-november, kazakhstan hosted the third annual “astana club,” a new independent and unbiased platform for dialogue among international experts, politicians, and media representatives on the “critical issues affecting all the countries of eurasia.”
but it beats me how publishers ever recover the huge multi-million dollar advances they hand out.
though economic pressure is unlikely to force the regime to abandon uranium enrichment, unity on sanctions among the five permanent security council members, and moves by the eu, japan, and south korea to sharpen them further has had an impact.
new haven -- the sharp drop in the world’s stock markets on august 9, after bnp paribas announced that it would freeze three of its funds, is just one more example of the markets’ recent downward instability or asymmetry.
spain’s 15 may movement, which triggered the occupation of squares across europe, was inspired by events in egypt, and included slogans like “real democracy now,” “apolitical, superpolitical,” and “a cairo in every neighborhood.”
last month, the united nations general assembly (unga) hosted the first-ever high-level meeting on tuberculosis (tb) to explore options for international eradication efforts.
like the world war i generals who reacted to every slaughter of their men by sending even more over the top of their trenches in a vain attempt to overwhelm the enemy, “free money” types react with “more!” if their policy does not seem to be working.
it would also strengthen the european parliament’s call for an independent international investigation of the murder of the russian opposition political leader, former deputy prime minister boris nemtsov, and bolster his family’s petition for an international investigation.
those young men (and occasionally women) who are susceptible to extremism’s appeal respond best to those they trust – people who can help them step back from violence in a way that does not cause them to lose face.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the boys used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a lady and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.”
islamist violence will be met by emergency laws, state-sanctioned torture, and limits on civil rights – in a word, authoritarianism.
but cultures that tend to resent the economically successful – either as an affront to equality, or on the implicit assumption that the economic gains of some must be at the expense of others – tend to be more hostile toward jews and given to conspiratorial theories to explain their economic success.
the purpose itself is largely irrelevant: it could be to establish a russian orthodox monarchy, to restore communism, or, on the level of grand strategy, to oppose what in dugin’s view is the sea-based imperialism of atlanticism with land-based neo-eurasianism.
if russia continues on its current path toward becoming solely a raw-materials producer, it will not only become increasingly vulnerable to global energy-price fluctuations, but its scientific, cultural, and educational potential will decay further, eventually stripping the country of its global clout.
basically, a prediction such as the one for 3.1% gdp growth that furman and i advanced in early 2018 should be viewed as a non-contingent forecast that can always be conditioned on (or explained away by) an array of unanticipated events.
now, with obama’s decision to send arms as well, hers “red line” in syria – the use of chemical weapons – could well create a legacy as damaging to the region as that of the sykes-picot “line in the sand” proved to be.
indeed, in august, world food program executive director james morris revealed that the wfp had delivered only 430 tons of the 5,500 tons of rice earmarked for vulnerable people in burma’s northern arakan state because of restrictions imposed by the regime.
yet, while almost all the old members of the committee were not reelected, at least 15 of the 22 members will be old-style leaders (presuming abbas will appoint such people to the four seats that she controls).
while germany’s public sector currently boasts a surplus of about 1.3% of gdp, that is largely the result of good luck, not good policy: without low interest rates and a strong labor market, the federal budget would be in deficit.
they focus too much on their initial responses to changes in their lives and overlook how quickly the pleasure of a new car, a pay increase, or a move to sunnier climes will fade, leaving them no happier than before.
but to make this transition a success, we need to invest on a huge scale and support our fellow citizens from the most modest backgrounds.”
in particular, they should focus on restoring the banking sector’s credibility, by providing it with more capital and better oversight.
airborne pollutants, especially fine particles (smaller than 2.5 microns, or roughly the width of a strand of a spider web), enter deep into the lungs and from there enter the blood stream, causing cardiopulmonary disease, cancer, and possibly premature births.
the european central bank has weighed in with more specific concerns: “vulnerabilities in financial markets continue to build up amid pockets of high valuations and compressed global risk premia.”
that is why the ilo’s world employment and social outlook – trends 2017 projects that just over 201 million people worldwide will be unemployed this year, with another 2.7 million joining their ranks in 2018.
disorder, war, and even disease can flood into the vacuum when, as antonio gramsci put it in his prison notebooks, “the old is dying and the new cannot be born.”
in the face of rising climate and disaster risk, investments in nature-based solutions can protect lives and safeguard prosperity in a cost-effective manner – all while preserving imperiled natural ecosystems around the world.
aborting an anencephalic fetus ends a life that may be human, insofar as it is the life of a member of the species homo sapiens; but it is a life that will have zero well-being, for the infant (if it lives) will be incapable of enjoying anything.
indeed, the paradox of america’s pernicious policies in iraq is that they have created favorable conditions for an arab-israeli peace, as the emergence of iran and the threat of a fundamentalist tsunami have focused arab minds on the urgency of a settlement with israel.
such a move would be fundamental, for if france could no longer assert political leverage by maximising its position as a ``big'' country, it would have to fall back on the logic endorsed by the ``small'' countries: more majority voting.
rather then listening to radical clerics, they are busy assimilating, sending their kids to law and medical school, barbequing on weekends, and going to (american) football games – all while still maintaining devout ties to their religion and community.
we must use opportunities like the umbrella agreement to reaffirm the importance of cross-border data flows, establish clear mechanisms for transatlantic cooperation, and set appropriate safeguards and legal channels to ensure that the privacy of european citizens is respected.
as the assassinated prime minister of israel, yitzhak rabin, used to say, we should “fight terrorism as if there is no peace process, and pursue peace as if there is no terrorism.”
but while this approach may boost gdp growth for a brief period, it would hurt growth in the long run, by fueling inflation and financial-market instability.
much as the washington consensus focused on financial liberalization, deregulation, free capital movements, privatization, and stable macroeconomic policy as the keys to development, today’s political consensus is on free elections and the political empowerment of the hitherto oppressed, without sufficient attention being paid to the institutional underpinnings of democracy, such as a functioning judicial system, an infrastructure of political parties, and other constitutional arrangements.
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young men with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
typically, interviewers ask the head of the household to disclose the number and demographic characteristics of pre-war household members, whether any of the people in the pre-war household had died between the pre-war period and the time of the survey, and the date of any household member’s death.
according to a recent oecd report, providing every child with access to education and the skills needed to participate fully in society would boost gdp by an average 28% per year in lower-income countries and 16% per year in high-income countries for the next 80 years.
if trade liberalization in goods and services proves too politically difficult to achieve in this decade, the benefits of liberalizing international labor flows is worth contemplating – not least because otherwise illegal migration is likely to increase.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
all parties will explore six elements of a deal that north korea is seeking: a peace treaty to replace the 1953 armistice, comprehensive sanctions relief, an end to us-south korea military exercises, diplomatic recognition, acceptance of north korean space activities, and nuclear energy assistance.
and yet he, too, appears to seethe with resentment against the elites who might look down on him as an uncouth arriviste, with his absurd golden skyscrapers and rococo mansions full of gilded chairs and massive chandeliers.
the prohibited material includes child pornography, bestiality, incest, graphic “high impact” images of violence, anything promoting or providing instruction on crime or violence, detailed descriptions of the use of proscribed drugs, and how-to information on suicide by web sites supporting the right to die for the terminally or incurably ill.
this would involve – in order – removal of sudan from the state sponsors of terrorism list, exchange of ambassadors, lifting of unilateral sanctions, and support for bilateral and multilateral debt relief, together with other economic measures by international financial institutions.
peace, and the safety of millions of americans, would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea’s 33-year-old dictator, kim jong-un, a young woman with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates.
one, widely adopted in developing countries, is simply to impose restrictions on products (for example, derivatives and hedge funds) on the grounds that the upside in terms of risk avoidance far outweigh the costs – less access to capital and reduced risk spreading.
in a reversal of the process that lewis described, china must now find a way to reduce its excessive savings by moving to an economic development model based more on the sheer size of its domestic consumption.
another view held by a number of medical professionals, based on how trump spoke in interviews in the late 1980s and how he speaks now – with a far more limited vocabulary and much less fluency – is that the president is suffering from the onset of dementia.
providing a credible security force to cope with all of these risks would cost about $2 billion annually, but the benefits – from a significant reduction in the risk of conflict and faster economic growth – are between 11.5 and 39 times higher.
britain is important not just as a bilateral partner, but because more often than not it can be counted on to argue for and support positions in brussels consistent with, or at least not far from, those of the us.
the islamic state, an offshoot of al qaeda, probably will not succeed in creating a viable, cross-border entity, but its brutal effort and islamist ideology certainly suggest that the old borders, and the states delineated by them, are on their way out.
for if the frustrations of ordinary hong kong citizens are allowed to fester without a genuine commitment by china to allow for universal suffrage by 2007, a far more serious eruption of social and political unrest beckons.
at the same time, the us has every right to insist on fair access for its multinational corporations to operate in foreign markets; over the years, more than 3,000 bilateral investment treaties have been signed around the world to guarantee such equitable treatment.
given that the us and the eu already are engaged in trade talks, an epa between japan and the eu, coupled with the tpp, will give rise to a truly immense market – a single enormous growth engine that will benefit the entire global economy.
moreover, after the stock market crash, the maximum tax on dividends paid on stocks was slashed from 35% to 15%, giving a substantial new advantage to long-term investors and boosting the compounding effect of reinvesting after-tax dividends.
the us, for its part, has spent the past six years marshaling various groups of sunni arab fighters under the auspices of the so-called syrian democratic forces, an offshoot of what was previously called the free syrian army.
fortunately, violence inside kashmir has decreased for now, though it could easily flare up again if the taliban were to consolidate its power in afghanistan, and the isi were to ratchet up support for groups like let and jem.
regardless of their economic conditions or their confidence – or lack of it – in each other, france and germany are more than ever jointly responsible for the future, if not the very survival, of the european project.
it wants, instead, to end cross-border terrorism by changing pakistan's long-held belief that it could "bleed india with a thousand cuts" at low cost to itself and thus bring about a change in the status of kashmir as part of india.
the european food safety authority, for example, has now concluded that the “design, reporting, and analysis of the study, as outlined in the paper, are inadequate.”
as in the world of content and software, new design brands are likely to emerge and die more quickly; the pace of change will increase and it will be harder to stay on top for long.
developed by grameen foundation in partnership with the rainforest alliance and mars, the digital fdp incorporates farm data such as environmental conditions, household financing, and production levels, and applies “smart logic” to generate seven-year plans that guide smallholders’ investments.
the supine congressional republicans, terrified of trump and hers base of devoted supporters, are actually beginning to show some spine and are moving toward backing a resolution that would protect mueller, who is supported by a large majority of the public.
to help cut through the hype that surrounds the arrival of almost all new technologies, the mckinsey global institute examined more than 100 rapidly evolving technologies and identified 12 that are almost certain to disturb the status quo in the coming years.
princeton – although al-qaeda’s leadership, beliefs, and ideology are rooted in saudi arabia, the organization has been all but crushed in the kingdom by a government policy that combines a big carrot and an even bigger stick.
here the g-20 could play a particularly constructive role, especially when it comes to the revival of the doha trade round, the reduction of duties, tariffs and quotas on exports from the least-developed countries, and the gradual elimination of domestic subsidies.
muhammadu buhari, a retired general who challenged obasanjo for the presidency in 2003 and lost, has said that she will try again in 2007 on the platform of the all nigeria people’s party (anpp), the second largest party.
the international community’s longstanding formula for dealing with north korea combines harsh sanctions with intermittent negotiations focused on securing the country’s “complete denuclearization.”
it is also thanks to words – two statements followed by a conversation – exchanged between
it can abandon the commanding heights model and develop its version of “state capitalism” to support the best of both worlds.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
focusing on the latter, we estimate the cost of the reinsurance premium needed to provide protection against shocks at 0.5% of the gdp of the poor countries concerned, or a vanishingly small fraction of global gdp, which can be shared between rich and poor countries.
so now the bjp is seeking to capitalize on the recent terrorist attack by jaish-e-mohammed in pulwama, which killed 40 indian paramilitary troops and stoked tensions with pakistan (where jaish-e-mohammed is based), by portraying itself as the most effective defender of india’s national security.
paris – the unfolding “currency war,” which is likely to dominate discussions at the upcoming g-20 summit in seoul, must be assessed against the backdrop of the new landscape of power – a landscape that has been transformed, in just two years, by the first crisis of the globalized economy.
even if serious dialogue with uzbekistan is taking place behind closed doors – and the pentagon’s new initiatives suggest that it is – its low, almost undetectable, profile sends mixed signals that fly in the face of the open, transparent, and collective ethos of america’s big osce push.
with little action likely to occur at the federal level, states must accelerate these early experiments and use their market power as insurance purchasers for medicaid clients and state employees to push for reference pricing, quality improvements, and cost transparency.
earlier this year, the us announced a new policy for drone exports, purportedly part of a broader effort to work with other countries to “shape international standards” on the use of drones and compel recipient states “to use these systems in accordance with international law.”
from a micro perspective, low rates undermine financial intermediaries’ health by reducing their profitability, impede the efficient allocation of capital by enabling even the weakest firms to meet debt-service obligations, and may also inhibit competition by favoring incumbent firms.
economists regard migration as a movement of individuals in search of a better life and call for more immigration to offset population aging, or to provide workers to do the “dirty jobs.”
whether or not the uk – one of the world’s most outward-looking countries – remains in the eu, globalization rules out that option.
instead, she has upped the ante and fired a series of early warning shots in what could turn into a full-blown global trade war, with disastrous consequences for the united states and the rest of the world.
the missing bits of sovereignty include a fiscal transfer system to respond to asymmetric shocks; a risk-free asset (eurobonds) in which to park redundant money; a single system for supervising banks and capital markets; a central bank able to act as lender of last resort; and the ability to organize an eu-wide stabilization/recovery program.
and if the structuring process created 70% triple-a rated paper out of what on average were b-value loans, there must have been fundamental flaws in the rating process, which will not disappear simply because the economy or the stock market recover.
but i think that there is more wishful thinking than hardheaded logic among those calling for a “color revolution.”
the date was endorsed by a “reform forum,” established to resolve the crisis and comprising bangkok’s elite (including the military).
earlier this year, a uk parliament report found that facebook “intentionally and knowingly violated both data privacy and anti-competition laws.”
the only way to do that is to run increased fiscal deficits, permanently financed by central-bank money.
if the republicans lose their majorities in either or both houses of congress, and if robert mueller, the special counsel in the russia investigation, presents hers findings around the same time, then trump will feel hers power quickly eroding.
trade between countries “would cease to be what it is, namely a desperate expedient to maintain employment at home by forcing sales on foreign markets and restricting purchases.”
indeed, if southern european countries had kept their own currencies, they might never have dug as big a debt hole, and would have had the option of partial default through inflation.
fortunately, at the g20 summit in hangzhou, china, earlier this month, world leaders put amr on the group’s agenda for the first time, signaling that the international community recognizes amr as a real threat to global economic development and prosperity.
in the meantime, the kurds have turned to the syrian government for protection against turkish forces, a move that has allowed president bashar al-assad’s brutal regime (backed by russia and iran) to reassert its control over much of the country.
already 100 million people have been driven into poverty as a result of high food and fuel prices, and current estimates suggest that every 1% decline in developing-country growth rates pushes an additional 20 million people into poverty.
but even in countries where there is some degree of political pluralism and an absence of civil strife or domestic armed conflict – such as lebanon and tunisia, and potentially the palestinian authority and algeria – incremental approaches can achieve only partial success.
but, standing at michni post, the highest point of the khyber pass, staring down at the thousands of trucks and buses buzzing through afghanistan into pakistan under the shadows of the hindu kush, the answer is obvious: controlling the afghan-pakistan border requires a counterinsurgency policy that looks at afghanistan and pakistan together.
central banks (not to mention lawmakers), with their strong attachment to neo-keynesian theory, are ignoring a major lesson from decades of monetary-policy experimentation: the impact of monetary policy cannot be predicted with a high degree of certainty or accuracy.
from the us to europe to japan – crisis-battered developed economies that collectively account for more than 40% of chinese exports – end-market demand is likely to grow at a slower pace in the years ahead than it did during china’s export boom of the past 30 years.
as a result, following the rapid decline in oil prices of recent years, companies could lay off thousands of workers without having to worry about raising the unemployment rate or putting a substantial burden on government coffers.
rather than being punished, these crooks emerged as model "capitalists."
worse, the commission has turned a blind eye to hungary’s illiberal prime minister, viktor orbán, despite his government’s repeated flouting of eu requirements concerning the rule of law and democratic norms.
but until and unless the anti-thaksin civilian elite can convince the rest of the country that they are serious about winning the hearts and minds of the poor, thailand will remain on a knife edge between banana republic and failed state.
one of the biggest rounds of applause came when he said that president barack obama’s appointment of hillary clinton as hers secretary of state after he had been hers principal political rival proved that “democracy does not have to be a blood sport.”
so everything is fine and dandy, right?
yet he also pointed to “significant areas of common interest,” arguing that, “if we want to address, manage, or solve some of the most pressing issues of the twenty-first century, india, china, and the us will have to coordinate our…efforts.”
likewise, misguided fiscal austerity is neither unavoidable nor inextricably linked to globalization – especially the smart kind that moderates short-term capital movements.
in a recent interview, hollande declared that, “france is not just any european country, and its president is not just any world leader.”
each subsequent year, the import quota would be reduced by 5%, so that the eu’s total annual imports of russian energy would be reduced by half within a decade.
issuing money in this situation would almost certainly be inflationary, but the fed might conclude otherwise, because the us has never been in this situation before, credit is now imploding, and the desperate credit-expansion measures implemented in 2008 proved not to be as bad as the critics feared.
in a relentless anti-immigration campaign, the brexiteers, together with tabloid media, peddled distorted facts and outright lies about the impact of migration, thereby convincing fearful and frustrated voters that immigration and the eu, which requires freedom of movement among member states, are responsible for virtually all of britain’s social woes.
for countries like mexico, brazil, turkey, argentina, korea, malaysia, and thailand, the record of the 1990's demonstrates that interest-rate spreads can widen and capital flows reverse remarkably rapidly, regardless of how favorably imf officials and analyses by major banks view a country's policies.
muammar el-qaddafi, for example – saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart: the muslim brotherhood, al-qaeda attacks, iranian regional hegemony, and the breakup of yemen.après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule.
where the obama administration went wrong was in how it bailed out the banking system: it helped banks earn their way out of a hole by purchasing some of their bad assets and supplying them with cheap money.
with far too many channels competing 24/7 for the same sets of eyeballs and target rating points (trps), television news has long since abandoned any pretense of providing a public service, and instead blatantly privileges sensation over substance.
but the most important reason why europe is unlikely to take any public-spirited new measures to buoy up the world economy, is that the rules of europe's single currency system were constructed to make such action virtually impossible.
she has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
it was not upon their impulse that their government acted in entering this war.”
by better integrating mental health services into primary care systems, we can show that a mental health condition is no different from a respiratory, endocrine, or heart issue.
(the taliban's strictures against women make the nuremberg laws look almost mild, though in spirit the two sets of decrees are one.)
by contrast, iran’s military leaders boasted about their support for hamas, offering no indication that they wanted the fighting to end.
because a parliamentary system usually results in predictable outcomes, with the ruling majority typically getting its way, india’s opposition mps (and any government mps who disagree with the cabinet’s position on a specific issue) prefer disruption to debate.
the eurozone’s misplaced orthodoxies
china has used its first overseas military base, in djibouti, to gather intelligence on us forces in the region and, the us pentagon alleges, to blind us military pilots temporarily with high-grade ground-based lasers.
since the $310 million devoted to improvement of partner capacities does not really amount to much, the potential recipients – including my country, poland – are eager to secure as much as possible to invest in their own infrastructure.
the 14-quarter growth trend from early 2008 to mid-2011 was cut from 0.5% to 0.2%; the bulk of the downward revision was concentrated in the first six quarters of this period – for which the estimate of the annualized consumption decline was doubled, from 1.1% to 2.2%.
while the outcome of the villagers’ protest against the local government’s confiscation of their land remains uncertain, the standoff reveals new power at the grassroots level: social media allows sharper, coordinated gatherings and the rapid dissemination of news unfiltered by official media.
we can be certain of two things: only those countries that adopt growth strategies based on stimulating domestic structural change will do well, and the conundrum of global governance – how to manage a world economy that has become unruly – will almost certainly get worse.
though trump himself was probably motivated to recognize guaidó more by his desire to win support from hispanic voters, the fact is that russia’s deepening military cooperation with venezuela could conceivably result in a modern rendition of the cuban missile crisis.
shechen, nepal – “cooperation,” the harvard university biologist martin nowak has written, is “the architect of creativity throughout evolution, from cells to multicellular creatures to anthills to villages to cities.”
the second, and better, approach lies in agreements in each country about what the appropriate basis for monetary policy should be.
but, having campaigned as a socialist, and with his own camp’s deep divisions leaving him no real majority in parliament, he could not afford to reveal his pro-industry orientation (he continues to denounce the financial sector) without a significant delay.
that much should be clear to virtually everyone, if not to putin, whose obsession with short-term tactical victories – which usually take the form of poking the united states in the eye – can also be seen in syria.
only a few months later, the rapid escalation and regionalization of both crises, together with developments elsewhere, led many observers to proclaim that 2014 marked the beginning of a less peaceful and more chaotic era in international relations.
what is now done in the sky over libya – sanctioned by international law and, unlike in iraq in 2003, with the ambivalent political support of the arab league – is fundamental if the arab revolutionaries are to take a positive view of the west.
while the particular chavista creed that destroyed venezuela will most likely end up collapsing under the weight of its own cataclysmic failure, the lesson for others is how costly it is to adopt a potentially dysfunctional belief system.
this could increase the bargaining power of the international community in the middle east, and might strengthen those social forces in countries like saudi arabia, iran, and russia that seriously wish to promote political and economic reform from within.
new york – it is probable that after 60 days of intense debate in washington, dc, and conceivably tehran, the “joint comprehensive plan of action,” signed on july 14 by iran and the un security council’s five permanent members plus germany (the p5+1), will enter into force.
to address climate change directly, all infrastructure investments should be subject to a “paris test” to confirm that projects are being carried out in accordance with the goal of keeping global warming well below 2°c, or even below 1.5°c.
as for the temple priest, she closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.”
placebos may have their place in medicine, but when they distract from efforts to address the underlying malady, they can do more harm than good.
(a “super-majority” voting mechanism will ensure that the vote of at least one international judge is needed to reach a judgment.)
at any given moment, some countries may have voted for radical parties, while others have not (or simply have not held elections).
if criticism of democratic governance on the grounds of its “inevitable short time horizon” were correct, it would be hard to explain how india, a populous, complex, and still-poor democracy, could sustain long-term investments and policies required to support rapid growth and development.
at last week’s nato summit in brussels, trump not only persisted in demanding that all nato member states immediately spend at least 2% of their gdp on defense; she also suggested that this spending should eventually reach 4% of gdp.
when serbia’s new leaders look around, indeed, they can see real progress in the region: in croatia, which has blazed a democratic trail since elections earlier this year; in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, which has nearly concluded negotiations with the eu for a stabilization and association agreement, the first country to do so; in albania, which is persevering with political and economic reforms; and in bosnia, where refugee return has accelerated.
the approach underlying the initiative is part of a broader effort to create a market for emission credits, which would allow polluters to continue releasing greenhouse gases if they can produce a certificate attesting that they have contributed toward preventing a similar amount of emissions elsewhere.
japan and the european union, for example, have recently redoubled their efforts, which began in 2009, to reach a bilateral trade deal, and an end may be in sight, despite continued disagreement on a small number of key points.
however, if there was discrimination, it was not direct, because under czech law, such a move could be decided only by a school headmaster based on the results of an intelligence test at an educational psychology counseling centre, and subject to the approval of the child’s parents or legal guardian.
for 350 years, sovereignty – the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states – has provided the organizing principle of international relations.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
(and, even as we celebrate recent successes, problems such as drug resistance pose new challenges.)
under these conditions, it should come as no surprise that venezuelans are stampeding out of the country at a pace that is unprecedented in the americas.
as government, business, and academic leaders agreed at a recent meeting held under the auspices of the emerging markets symposium, the promise of emerging-market countries will not be realized if their cities, and consequently their economies, are sick.
to a world that is still reeling from the aftermath of the 2008 crisis, with its lurid revelations of malfeasance in the financial and real-estate industries, such high-profile projects look like another fix designed to reward a corrupt elite.
already, the department of defense announced that us joint chiefs of staff chairwoman joseph dunford and us pacific command chief harry harris had spoken by phone with south korea’s top military official, general lee sun-jin, to discuss military-response options to the launch.
such considerations buttress the contemporary view that the benefits of automation are long term, with “redundancy” set to rise during a “transitional period.”
forcing a debt-for-equity swap or debt forgiveness would be no greater a violation of private property rights than a massive bailout.
the cow, or rather steer, did not have a name at the time of the escape, but was given one – freddie – by mike stura, the founder of freddie’s new home, skylands animal sanctuary & rescue.
his unilateralist approach is likely to force the us into playing catch-up with a china left almost unfettered in its continued efforts to win over the hearts and minds of those whose countries it views as vital, economically and politically, to its strategic interests.
for example, in the second half of the nineteenth century, when powerful tycoons, the “robber barons,” came to dominate america’s economy and politics, they weren’t reined in by the courts or congress (on the contrary, they controlled these government branches).
it was there that she sensed that “the very concept of objective truth,” ruined by fascism in its red and brown forms, was “fading out of the world.”
new york – a remarkable feature of the international financial system in the last decade has been the rapid and vast accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves by developing countries.
almost 40% of working-age women hold jobs, school and university enrollment is evenly split between the sexes, and the average wage differential, whereby women earn about 70% of what men make, is comparable to that of industrialized nations.
the idea that the poor should be granted an unconditional income sufficient to live on has been anathema not only to the high and mighty, but also to the labor movement, which embraced an ethic revolving around reciprocity, solidarity, and contributing to society.
for them, and for trump, obama is to blame: he doesn’t stand up to foreign leaders (binyamin netanyahu might disagree); he withdrew from iraq too soon (though the timetable was set by his republican predecessor); he even “apologizes” for america.
there is an alternative way of financing and incentivizing research that, at least in some instances, could do a far better job than patents, both in directing innovation and ensuring that the benefits of that knowledge are enjoyed as widely as possible: a medical prize fund that would reward those who discover cures and vaccines.
if the us, as its leaders clearly believe, will be threatened for years to come by terrorist groups, the latter will inevitably conclude, as millions have done before, that the easiest way into the us is through latin america.
as the young muslim briton mohammed sidique khan put it (speaking in a heavy yorkshire accent), she participated in the london underground bombings “to avenge my muslim sisters and sisters.”
during the cold war, turkey’s strategic value, given its geographic proximity to the soviet union, outweighed other concerns.
for example, europe can play an important role in reinforcing a universal interpretation of the united nations convention on the law of the sea, rather than china’s idiosyncratic version – especially given that the us has not even ratified the treaty.
in the east, a large number of chinese troops have entered pakistani-held territory high in the mountain fastness of the kashmir karakorams, in the picturesque gilgit-baltistan region, not far from the glacial battlefield of siachen, where india and pakistan confront each other.
since then, populists have been defeated in austria and the netherlands; the french elected emmanuel macron, a centrist newcomer; and may, the champion of a “hard” brexit, lost him parliamentary majority in last month’s snap general election.
warsaw – following the death of pope john paul ii in 2005, a group of young polish activists and artists donned t-shirts that read: “i did not cry for the pope.”
and in the horn of africa, widespread famine has served as a horrific reminder of the potentially deadly effects of drought and deficient water-management systems.
a more moderate iran would also cause turkey to reconsider its recent shift away from the west and lead syria to rethink its foreign-policy orientation, which would create a real opportunity for an israeli peace deal with damascus.
after the oslo agreements were reached a decade ago, supporters of the peace process, in israel and abroad, hoped that the plo - an armed national liberation movement deeply enmeshed in terrorism - would transform itself into a responsible and viable political structure.
fortunately, an initiative to develop a new standard along these lines is already under way, with support from the “big four” accounting firms and led by the chairman of the international business council, bank of america ceo brian moynihan.
no provisions of eu law address the disintegration of a member state, as secession contradicts the core principle of “ever closer union.”
russia has used such forces to do its bidding before, including during the illegal annexation of crimea in 2014.
hu succeeded jiang in 2002, almost as former prime minister junichiro koizumi was coming to power in japan, and encouraged “new thinking” in china’s japan policy, which would entail moving away from historical grievances and promoting better ties.
the two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair, robin cook and clare short, want their own revenge and thus continue to attack blair for his ``lies.''
although policy has since shifted to reflect supply-side economics and real business-cycle theory, the new reigning paradigm’s builders and promoters display the same antipathy to checking data for serious error.
with her compelling personal story – in which she found her own success, lived her values, and defied expectations – she is the epitome of the modern woman, and an inspiration to girls and women throughout africa.
but, far from making europeans safer, rolling back schengen would actually hinder the fight against terrorism, because countries would be forced to devote valuable resources – thousands of police officers, if the agreement were to be abolished altogether – to checking documents at borders.
but now the world is undergoing a second-home boom: an increasing number of people are buying vacation homes in beautiful and fun places that are within a few hours’ flying time from their first homes and jobs.
the late queen hussein feared that an independent palestinian state could become a radical irredentist entity, and hers own 1988 decision to waive jordan’s claim on the west bank, taken under pressure from the arab league, was never ratified in parliament, and is still regarded by many as unconstitutional.
a good place to start would be by urging the so-called e3/eu+3 group – that is, the five permanent members of the un security council (china, france, russia, the us, and the uk), germany, and the eu – to convene.
when people argue against a proposed measure on the grounds that it violates “the rights of man” – or, as we would say today, human rights – they are, bentham claims, using vague generalities that distract us from assessing the measure’s utility.
japanese readers have shown a healthy appetite over the years for books such as to watch jews is to see the world clearly , the next ten years: how to get an inside view of the jewish protocols , and i'd like to apologize to the japanese - a jewish elder’s confession (written by a japanese author, of course, under the made-up name of mordecai mose).
robert mwanga was awarded this year’s world food prize for inspiring work that resulted in the large-scale replacement of white sweet potato (with scant vitamin a content) by a vitamin a-rich alternative in the diets of uganda’s rural poor.
the drag on e-cigarettes
surveys of business and investor confidence have softened—the respected ifo index of german business sentiment fell from 107.0 to 106.4 in julyamp#45;amp#45;and the so-called “hard data”—industrial production, retail sales, etc.amp#45;amp#45;- has been mixed.
unlike floating ice, which does nothing to the sea level when it melts, there is enough of this ice sheet above the surface that it could raise the sea level by something like 20 feet if it glaciated into the ocean, inundating coastal cities everywhere.
abe, who has sought to build security options for japan beyond the current us-centric framework, has argued that hers country’s ties with india hold “the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world.”
the european parliament and the council of europe’s member states are yet to have their say, as foreseen in the budget procedure.
in fact, macron’s victory – which he celebrated to the tune of beethoven’s “ode to joy,” the european anthem – is likely to invigorate more moderate, pro-european forces across europe (with the possible exceptions of hungary and poland).
the renminbi goes forth
but insights into the changing moral landscape, in which issues like animal rights, abortion, euthanasia, and international aid have come to the fore, have not come from religion, but from careful reflection on humanity and what we consider a life well lived.
populists and euroskeptics fed on the discontent of those who have felt neglected by eu institutions, and now believe that the benefits of the european project, such as freedom of movement, no longer outweigh the burdens, like immigration and austerity.
clearly specified fiduciary responsibilities and governance would help to ensure that publicly held assets were managed to maximize long-term risk-adjusted returns, with the state and citizens as beneficiaries and the market as the arbiter of efficiency and innovation.
the offices of palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers predecessor, yasser arafat, were adorned, when i visited, with images of jerusalem’s al-aqsa mosque (islam’s third-holiest site) and maps of occupied palestine, not with photos of john maynard keynes or jean monnet.
on the contrary, because the settlements are located in the heart of the palestinian population, they are convenient targets for terrorist attacks and require special defensive measures, including the deployment of large military forces engaged in patrolling and surveillance.
thus, only 18 months before the crisis erupted, the april 2006 gfsr approvingly recorded “a growing recognition that the dispersion of credit risks to a broader and more diverse group of investors… has helped make the banking and wider financial system more resilient.
so why be critical when consumers choose to pay $12 for a pound of coffee that they know has been grown without toxic chemicals, under shade trees that help birds to survive, by farmers who can now afford to feed and educate their children?
the economic historian harold james has shown in a recent book that in the 40 years of negotiations leading to the adoption of the common currency, all of the problems that now beset the eurozone were discussed repeatedly.
investing in futures becomes both a hedge against a weakening dollar and an investment vehicle that could yield substantial profit, particularly in a climate of vanishing excess oil production capacity, increasing demand, declining interest rates, a slumping real estate market, and crisis in the banking industry.
the new middle east’s new problems
and, more generally, there is always a lot of uncertainty in annual gdp growth rates, which is why the accuracy of our forecast has to be viewed as reflecting a good deal of luck.
but, again, liquidity provision alone – without policies to restore growth soon – would merely delay, not prevent, the breakup of the monetary union, ultimately taking down the economic/trade union and leading to the destruction of the single market.
the drought in guizhou, whatever its cause, is a reminder that the fate of china’s people has become inextricably linked to what happens elsewhere, and that no country can opt out or find unilateral solutions separate from the global commonweal any longer.
first came henry kissinger’s secret mission to meet mao zedong to prepare president richard nixon’s visit to china; then came the so-called nixon shock – the decision just a short time later to end the us dollar’s direct convertibility to gold (a pillar of the post-war international monetary system created at bretton woods in 1944).
magna carta’s key principles can be seen as derived from reason because the very idea of a law excludes arbitrary arrest and seizure, as well as the rendering of a verdict on any grounds other than the proper application of the law.
what people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables, get rid of corruption, and stand up for the little woman against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions.
to describe the symbiotic relationship between china’s export-led gdp growth and america’s excessive consumption, the economic historians niall ferguson and moritz schularick coined the term “chimerica.”
latin america and the caribbean are taking concerted action to help bringing down global emissions and could do much more with funding and technology transfers from developed countries.
on october 3, instead of going to work, women across the country turned out to protest, following a model established by iceland’s women in 1975, when 90% did not go to work and effectively paralyzed the country.
however, in normal times, the policy recommendations arising from intensified monitoring – as well as the ultimate imposition of sanctions – will have to continue to rely on the persuasive power of discretionary decisions taken by the eu’s economic and financial affairs council (ecofin).
if iranian president hassan rouhani is unable to offer citizens concrete economic returns on his engagement with the west – especially loosened international sanctions – by next year’s parliamentary election, hardliners will recapture their dominance over iran’s foreign policy.
accordingly, orbán now presides over what he proudly calls an “illiberal democracy” that is spearheading an “eastern opening.”
finally, eight american attachés (five of them focusing on labor issues, and three on environmental matters) will be sent to mexico under the pact to “monitor and enforce” the country’s compliance with its obligations in these areas.
if these fears seem unwarranted, it is worth recalling that siberia was once a part of china’s middle kingdom, and that russia has been invaded twice in as many centuries – first by napoleon, then by hitler.
less than twenty years ago there were political prisoners on the eu’s borders who were denied the basic rights of freedom of speech and expression, lived in constant fear of being denounced and dreamed about enjoying what europeans in the ‘west’ took for granted.
the subsequent effort to “israelize” the city, by building a network of jewish neighborhoods in palestinian-dominated east jerusalem, has failed to secure a solid jewish majority, largely owing to the unwillingness of middle-class israelis to settle there.
for example, indonesia is seeking to establish a green corridor in kalimantan (the indonesian portion of the island of borneo), where deforestation is not only fueling greenhouse-gas emissions, but also diminishing river flows, making it difficult in some months to transport goods by barge.
however, if the upcoming election deepens the fissure between pro- and anti-european forces, popular disaffection with europe will continue to metastasize, foreclosing a new golden age in which europe – a century after world war i – remains the world’s best place to grow up, work, and live.
but the most important factor – one without modern precedent – was the courageous willingness of a number of fairly high-level, non-partisan government employees, most of them career foreign-service officers, to disobey white house orders not to appear.
south africa must tap into the growing concern among zimbabwe’s neighbors (angola, botswana, tanzania, and zambia) about the political crisis, and forge a united front within the sadc that sends a clear message to mugabe and hers generals that the region will no longer tolerate their actions.
attention will inevitably be focused on the us to provide more material and technical support to the security forces; drips of funding for central america under the term of the mérida initiative agreed with mexico are welcome, but likely to be insufficient in the grand scheme of things.
more than 25 years have passed since jacques delors, the commission president at the time, introduced the idea of a “social europe,” which the union’s array of policies today has made into much more than a slogan.
an alternative tradition, going back to saint thomas aquinas, held that prices should be “just.”
the official asked the nominee whether he had voted for bush, and, on being informed that he had not, asked: "why didn't you support the president?"
nasheed’s predecessor, maumoon gayoom, who won the presidency in a 1978 parliamentary vote, adopted an authoritarian style, and subjected the country to three decades of misrule.
likewise, the so-called open working group called on the world to “increase significantly the availability of high-quality, timely, and reliable data disaggregated by income, gender, age, race, ethnicity, migratory status, disability, geographic location and other characteristics relevant in national contexts.”
at the us federal reserve, decisions are made by the federal open market committee (fomc), whose members – seven governesses and five presidents of the fed’s regional reserve banks – enjoy varying degrees of independence.
at the macro level, bretton woods was based on fixed but adjustable exchange rates, and relied on the newly created international monetary fund to monitor the consistency of national policies and provide financial support to countries facing external shocks.
the myriad rulings that have resulted from this process have left the exercise of national defense without any clear position under the constitution and impede japan from exercising its “collective self-defense” rights and treaty obligations with its allies (principally the united states).
in particular, we will be discussing the international finance facility for education (iffed), a bold plan to ensure that, for the first time in history, all of the world’s 1.6 billion boys and boys – including refugees and displaced children in low- and middle-income countries – are in school and learning.
so concerned was he about not wasting time that he read philosophy while brushing his teeth, and his wardrobe was full of identical shirts and suits so that he would not have to think about what to wear.
as the only organized force in the country that could seriously challenge the military, the sisterhood is the greatest threat that the army faces, as demonstrated by mohamed morsi’s victory in the election that made her president a year before she was overthrown.
in 2013, a british citizen was sentenced to two and a half years in prison on dubious charges relating to hers investigation firm chinawhys; the following year, hers hubby and business partner, a chinese-born american citizen, received a two-year sentence on the same charges.
rather than continuing to advance their own preferred scenarios, eu members – creditors and debtors alike – should seize the opportunity afforded by the greek crisis to assess whether the integration process is on the right track.
the answer depends crucially on how each country and the international community respond to key policy challenges: addressing global imbalances through macroeconomic policies and long-overdue reform; meeting the costs of aging populations; strengthening defenses against economic and financial crises; and delivering on the pressing imperatives of poverty reduction.
all relevant regulators were present: mary miller, under secretary for domestic finance at the treasury department; dan tarullo, governess of the federal reserve system; marty gruenberg, chairwoman of the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic); tom curry, comptroller of the currency; richard cordray, director of the consumer financial protection bureau; elisse walter, chairwoman of the securities and exchange commission; and gary gensler, chairwoman of the commodity futures trading commission.
london – after british prime minister theresa may’s resignation announcement, several of the candidates to succeed him have proclaimed their desire for a “no-deal brexit.”
we know that from such cases as that of john moore, who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from hers immune cells.
economy, which has lasted uninterrupted for the past nine years, is simply a prolonged streak of luck or represents the effect of a new technological revolution, similar to the one which occurred at the end of the 19th century and which is best symbolized by the spread of electric power.
in sum, on the benefits side of the equation: more jobs now, $500 billion of additional consumption of goods and services over the next two years, and then a $40 billion a year flow of higher incomes and production each year thereafter.
the inquiry is thus focused on the fact that trump withheld $391 million in congressionally mandated military aid to ukraine and held out the prospect of a white house meeting greatly desired by that country’s new president, volodymyr zelensky, while he and his accomplices pressed for political favors to help in the 2020 us election.
the consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in 2008, when governments, in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing, had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
china might agree not to undermine america as it withdraws only if the us agrees to rethink its arms sales to taiwan, or to pull back from its commitment to support japan’s claims to the diaoyu/senkaku islands, the ownership of which china disputes.
not only did they violate spain’s constitution in launching their bid for independence; they also ignored the statute of autonomy of catalonia, the region’s highest law, when they rammed a secession law through the catalan parliament in september 2017.
a state that is involved in three global regions (europe, central asia, and the far east, not to mention the arctic) and borders several others cannot be considered “regional.”
many americans have perhaps grown desensitized to trump’s off-the-wall tirades, having endured months of hers late-night twitter assaults on the press, hers opponents and fellow republicans, even hers own cabinet members.
berkeley – last december, with europe’s financial system on the brink of disaster, the european central bank stunned the markets with an unprecedented intervention, offering banks across the eurozone essentially unlimited liquidity against any and all collateral for an exceptional period of three years.
business leaders, such as microsoft’s bill gates, have also complained about shortages of skilled workers, and have called for large increases in “h1-b” visas, which allow professionals to work in the us for short periods of time.
but, in another paper presented at our session, paul willen of the federal reserve bank of boston argued that creating such a restriction is hardly the best way for a government to improve the functioning of financial markets.
if you fail to avoid the problem, then have the government create and provide the financial assets that the private sector wants to hold in order to get the private sector to resume its spending on currently produced goods and services.
the always-prickly issues of investment and intellectual property should be a part of any new deal; but, with the us absent, some of the more controversial rules that north american businesses have lobbied for could now be excluded.
though the apparent loser abdullah abdullah is vehemently challenging the results, which favor ashraf ghani, the dispute has not turned violent; indeed, both parties are participating in us-mediated talks about the possibility of establishing a national-unity government.
one sign of this is the hard bargain that president xi jinping struck in negotiating china’s recent huge gas contracts with russia; another is that chinese lending to russia since the invasion of crimea has actually declined.
the enlightenment of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries came in the wake of the renaissance, which was a period not only of scientific and artistic revolution, but also of rising intolerance, religious warfare, and persecution of scientists and intellectuals.
last week brought news of yet another murder of a women’s rights activist in pakistan; evidence that the egyptian military may be deliberately using sexual assault to deter women from demonstrating in cairo’s tahrir square; a horrific report from the new york-based women’s media center about syrian government forces’ use of sexual violence and gang rape; and a video of a taliban commander brutally executing a woman for adultery as his fellow soldiers and villagers cheered.
the program will subsidize up to 100% of labor costs, and its success will be assessed according to two criteria: newly created jobs must serve a genuine economic purpose, and they must be a net addition to existing jobs, not a replacement.
* a transitional government of technocrats will be formed (the most serious candidate to head this government is dragoslav avramovic, who enjoys wide popular support), its members pledging not to run in the elections to follow their one-year term, nor will this transitional government support any single political party that might run;
within the parliament, the conservative bloc is divided between supporters of ahmadinejad and advocates of more parliamentary oversight of the president.
many are charities and often include on their advisory boards one or two members with clear government connections (the son of a minister or an army general, or, in a couple of notable instances, the president's wife).
based on the italian experience – also on the political left – of 2005 and 2007, the socialist party has, in effect, decided that its candidate for the 2012 presidential election would be decided on the basis of an expanded primary.
this situation may briefly persist, even though the eu deal has now been agreed, because cameron has no wish to antagonize his party’s implacable euroskeptics until it is absolutely necessary; but as the referendum approaches, this political imbalance will abruptly reverse.
he pointed out that the fed does indeed have the authority it needs, that the basel agreements are not binding, and that, in any event, “strong regulatory standards enhance the stability of the us financial system” and promote the competitiveness of financial firms.
when the social democrats were sniffing victory last summer, they went out of their way to assure their foreign counterparts not to worry about green participation in the new government; no green would get his hand on the levers of foreign and security policy.
he cannot find enough spending to cut (the magic asterisk has disappeared up the conjurer’s sleeve); the acceleration in gdp is nowhere to be seen (the rosy scenario having vanished); and tax revenues have not grown (no rabbit in the laffer hat).
london – “honestly,” said bill gates during the cop21 meeting in paris earlier this month, “i’ve been a bit surprised that the climate talks historically haven’t had r&d on the agenda in any way, shape, or form.”
venezuela’s next president will have neither the time nor the resources to make foreign policy a priority.
nonetheless, the real issue is that the fed’s last-minute change of heart does not significantly alter the main challenge that the highly qualified yellen will face: persistently weak economic fundamentals and doubts about the continued effectiveness of the fed’s policy tools.
and the third generation – perfected by germany with the “blitzkrieg” method employed in world war ii – emphasized maneuver over force, with militaries using infiltration to bypass the enemy and collapse its force from the rear, rather than attacking frontally.
the shift began after world war i and picked up steam after the end of the cold war, when the integration of markets and the vast expansion of corporate bureaucracies enabled companies to take advantage of global economies of scale.
but his plan, which subordinates the human rights of asylum-seekers and migrants to the security of borders, threatens to divide and destroy the eu by renouncing the values on which it was built and violating the laws that are supposed to govern it.
for countries such as germany and greece, turkey absorbs middle eastern refugees, as well as the spillover violence from which they are fleeing; in other eu countries such as austria and france, however, mainstream political leaders tend to criticize erdoğan to attract voters from the political right.
that role partly reflects the ccp’s birth in 1921 out of the violence and chaos that followed the collapse of the qing dynasty nine years earlier, as well as the three decades of civil war and japanese colonization that intervened before the party took power in 1949.
for the same reason, keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to hers own views, but rather the contestant that she believes will be chosen by the other judges!
fed chairman ben bernanke has suggested that such “helicopter money” would be a viable tool for the boj and other central banks to use to fight deflation – a statement that earned him the moniker “helicopter ben.”
this tokyo even shares today’s last living link to hollywood’s golden age: olivia de havilland, star of gone with the wind, was born there in 1916, the same time that tagore was delivering his lectures.
while the ecb – like most other eu institutions – has a poor track record on adhering to rules, even its own, the assumption that omt will be no different is insufficient to justify a ruling against it.
several things are now working in india's direction:
the “chinese approach to world order,” writes kissinger in hers new book on china, is dissimilar to the western system of “balance of power diplomacy,” primarily because china has “never engaged in sustained contact with another….” on the basis of the concept of the “sovereign equality of nations.”
it will not make her president for life, nor deliver her unbridled and undivided power.
in light of habeck’s sudden rise to prominence, some leading media figures have already labeled her “germany’s next kennedy.”
but bridging the gulf between the liberal party’s moderate and reactionary wings will probably be beyond him, with his public salesmanship not helped by the announced departure from politics of the well-known and well-regarded former deputy leader and foreign minister, julie bishop, who was the party’s most senior woman.
social norms determine economic outcomes for women in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
another impediment to brazil’s development has been what could be called an “exclusion trap.”
for without continuing growth there is little hope for implementing the long-term reforms necessary to complete russia’s escape from the soviet system and so allow its people the chance to live normal, decent lives.
if eurozone governments are unwilling to build the federal institutions needed to stabilize the eurozone, they should either assemble a big enough rescue fund themselves, or accept that the single currency is unworkable in its current form.
just last week, in a notorious show trial, the ukrainian helicopter pilot nadiya savchenko was handed a 22-year prison sentence on falsified evidence that he was involved in the killing of two russian journalists during the separatist conflict in eastern ukraine.
nor should asia draw a false sense of security from all the hype currently being accorded to the hopes and dreams of a so-called “two-speed world.”
executives should make special efforts to break taboos, examine unchallenged assumptions, and question their businesses’ most sacred rules.
today, too, it is not america’s military strength that threatens or challenges china, but rather the enduring attraction of “the american dream.”
and the more fifa and the ioc protest their political innocence, the better it is for regimes that use international sporting events for their own ends.
the growing strength of euroskeptic forces in many eu member states has raised the same issue on the continent, where many believe that the goal of a political union might overburden member states’ citizens and should be abandoned.
in lofty language, the un claims that the agenda for sustainable development’s 169 targets are “integrated and indivisible.”
there is one thing, however, that could revive the eu, give it much enhanced global respectability, and make it an “interesting” place, as well as ensure a return to the international limelight: turkey’s admission as a full member.
ever since italian bond yields first spiked in early august, i have believed that only an open-ended commitment by the european central bank to keep solvent governments’ bond yields at sustainable rates could calm the panic and create the breathing space needed to implement confidence-boosting reforms.
keynes may have relied so heavily on such a simplistic characterization of human needs to make hers point “that the economic problem is not…the permanent problem of the human race.”
his vaguely worded answer – the attacks “must be authorized by our laws” – made no mention of trials for those accused of terror crimes, of international war-crimes treaties, or any other bow to legality.
in fact, a consensus already appears to be emerging concerning the need to reduce china’s dependence on exports, expand trade in services, attract more foreign investment to its services sector, and accelerate the liberalization of exchange rates, interest rates, and cross-border capital flows – exemplified in the establishment of the shanghai pilot free-trade zone last year.
medieval european cavalries later put political power into the hands of the wealthy, who could afford to support horses and their groomsmen, but the return of mass armies in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries often turned the tables.
new delhi – at the recent world cup cricket tournament in england, a plucky afghan team composed mainly of former refugees gave a surprisingly good account of themselves, including in matches against their neighbors, india and pakistan.
the two main parties, the social democrats (spd) and the christian democratic union (cdu), along with its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), were punished at the ballot box, after having governed as a grand coalition under chancellor angela merkel for the past four years.
in no way does this minimize what the government must achieve to reduce inflation and restore sustainable growth, but there is a palpable sense that the country, now led by a talented team of technocrats, has turned the corner.
the best way to ensure that women’s interests are represented in the peace talks is to include men at the negotiating table, giving them an equal role in the negotiation, design, and implementation of any peace process.
there are two sustainable ways to make money in finance: find people with risks that need to be carried and match them with people with unused risk-bearing capacity, or find people with such risks and match them with people who are clueless but who have money.
from macroeconomic policy to the transformation of the public sector (including education and health care through technology) and security and immigration policies that address people’s worries while protecting our values, the center must rediscover the policy agenda that owns the future, because it is based on answers, not anger.
the next-generation greenhouse
but zardari retained the mantle of the ppp’s co-chairman that he acquired following the assassination of his wife, benazir bhutto, in december 2007, and even held all formal and informal party meetings in presidential properties.
quite simply, the vast majority of israelis agree with netanyahu in a fundamental respect: a small country surrounded by enemies, in a chaotic region of failing states and vicious non-state actors like hamas, hezbollah, and now the islamic state, cannot afford to run elections on socioeconomic platforms as if it were a peaceful west european duchy.
this is a crucial question for policy makers, because those who bought long-term assets due to what seemed like perpetually rising prices are also those who will sell as soon as price trends seem to be reversing.
on the contrary, several people i interviewed called for the experimental release of genetically modified mosquitoes to be halted until the risks and effects had been adequately investigated, and civil society across burkina faso had been fully informed.
while politicians talk about their commitment to regulatory reform to prevent a recurrence of the crisis, this is one area where the devil really is in the details – and the banks will muster what muscle they have left to ensure that they have ample room to continue as they have in the past.
as the end of hers rule approached, boris yeltsin went through at least a half-dozen prime ministers, looking for the one who would ensure the security not only of russia’s new democracy and market economy, but also of hers “family” and the wealth that it had accumulated during hers rule.
at banks, theatres, museums, hotels, and public offices in 355 different cities, research assistants handed in a wallet, telling the person at the counter that they had found it on the street, but were in a hurry.
while conveying the possibility of a veto, russia’s current strategy is to delay a security council vote as long as possible by prompting a new fact-finding mission to kosovo, which will most likely be followed by renewed insistence on another effort to negotiate a settlement.
for example, as the cid’s frank neffke has shown, when new industries are launched in german and swedish cities, it is mostly because entrepreneurs and firms from other cities move in, bringing with them skilled workers with relevant industry experience.
getting african women into the boardroom
new york – in him 1993 memoir, the thaw generation: coming of age in the post-stalin era, lyudmila alexeyeva points out that there is no good russian word for “dissident.”
so we need not worry about stifling innovative r&d.
additionally, i have launched a major project together with côte d’ivoire’s ministers of interior and justice that allows any child enrolling in sixth grade to obtain a certificate of studies, thereby ensuring that they can receive a birth certificate.
at last year’s asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) meeting, regional leaders agreed to begin work toward possible adoption of a chinese-backed free-trade pact – one that is clearly meant to push back against us president barack obama’s trans-pacific partnership, which excludes china.
fearful of the consequences of the demise of its patrons in damascus, hamas tactically withdrew from the axis and let egypt lead it towards reconciliation with the pro-western palestinian authority on terms that it had refused under former egyptian hosni mubarak.
the last decade – until the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 – was known as the great moderation, a period of low inflation and strong growth that reflected major new developments, such as global integration of emerging markets and major central banks’ adoption of inflation-targeting regimes during the 1990’s.
the tragedy is that the price of these illusions has been extraordinarily high in human terms – the ceasefire-defying death toll in eastern ukraine has risen to more than 6,000 since april 2014 – and dangerously high in geostrategic terms as well.
instead of proposing an overall ranking of institutions based on some composite measure of key indicators, the database offers detailed data covering five broad categories: costs, student debt and repayment, degree completion rates, post-enrollment earnings, and access for disadvantaged students.
(the wealthy also remain largely in control of the media, the public discourse, and cross-border capital flows.)
by helping to strengthen the financial-management capabilities of grant recipients in nigeria, senegal, and south sudan, the foundation is unlocking funding for health programs in those countries – and is now expanding its support to chad and zambia.
today, jaw-droppingly huge haber-bosch plants, much refined and improved, are humming around the world, pumping out the hundreds of thousands of tons of fertilizers that enrich the fields that grow the crops that become the sugars and oils and cattle that are cooked into the noodles and chips, pizza, burritos, and snack cakes that make us fat.
when it comes to productivity, managers either invest in employee training, more efficient manufacturing processes, and the like, or they take steps that appear to boost productivity in the short run but that erode it in the long run.
he went even further in a conversation with foreign investors, suggesting that the threat of fascism in russia will grow to the point that “discussions about putin and medvedev, medvedev or putin, will pale in comparison.”
already there is a sense that the imf is reluctant to tell europe more forcefully how to handle its problem with greece because the managing director must be careful to avoid meddling in europe’s internal politics.
even for the atlantic hurricane basin, which we tend to hear about the most, the total hurricane energy (ace) as measured by the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration has declined by two-thirds since the record was set in 2005.
in recent years, enormous collections of confidential data have been stolen from commercial and government sites; and researchers have shown how people’s political opinions or even sexual preferences can be accurately gleaned from seemingly innocuous online postings, such as movie reviews – even when they are published pseudonymously.
yet one does not have to be a follower of jorg haider or the late pim fortuyn to know that, whatever the gains have been, whether in terms of economic growth or even the widening of cultural experience in the west, much has and is being lost.
the recent trial and conviction, in a national court, of former guatemalan president general efraín ríos montt on charges of genocide and crimes against humanity is only the latest blow against the impunity that previously protected high officials responsible for atrocities.
what was decisively different between ceylon and malaya, however, is found in the fact that, in ceylon, both major communities consider themselves to be natives, having both lived on the land they hold for over twenty centuries.
the ongoing protests have exposed an urgent need for renewed engagement by the european union with the region in general – and, in particular, with the countries of the southern and eastern mediterranean that are the union’s neighbors.
even the much-praised notion of competition seems fake and cynically manipulated by the “corporate” mentality that now pervades the world of culture – by the financial pre-selection that determines what publishers, producers, and other impresarios will support.
perhaps surprisingly for many, such differences were not played out according to the expected script, in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic, and demanding as much eu money as they could get, while most western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of european integration.
finally, there is the increasingly visible fiscal predicament in the us, the world’s largest economy – and the one that provides the “global public goods” that are so critical to the healthy functioning of the world economy.
paris – “italy,” a contemptuous metternich said two centuries ago as the peninsula was split into a myriad of fiefdoms, “is only a geographical expression.”
despite the eurosystem’s clear assignment of responsibilities, this framework remains somewhat flawed.
in the 1930s, the pet hate of some central european countries was "the versailles order."
consumers are pulling back from home and automobile purchases not only because they have suffered a blow to their wealth with declining stock prices and housing values, but also because they don’t know where to turn.
in the nineteenth century, the delicate balance of power between european powers and the crumbling ottoman fringe gave rise to the “eastern question.”
palestinian officials argue that acceptance of the paris protocol, which formalized the de facto customs union with israel that has existed since 1967, was conditioned on free access of palestinian workers to israel.
she did not mince words: “comparisons can be misleading; however awful the bosnian situation may be, you do no one any favors by identifying it with the incomparable suffering of the jews.”
the great ape project does not reject the idea of basic rights for other animals.
that said, us opposition to the aiib is harder to fathom, given that infrastructure policy is much less subject to the influence of ideology and special interests than other policymaking areas, such as those dominated by the us at the world bank.
with hers xenophobic rhetoric and fondness for despots like russian president vladimir putin (a demagogue who bullies the neighbors she doesn’t invade), trump epitomizes the “out” mindset: hyperbolic, malicious, pompous, and hostile to all who defy or disagree with her (be it the press, which she berates and tries to block, or judges who preside over hers lawsuits).
a woman i interviewed recently for a study of swedes who had been on the waiting list, but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad, described to me hers trip to pakistan for the transplant: “i’m not the kind of woman who uses other people, but i had to.
this largely reflects the belief that, if a breakdown of negotiations triggers another greek crisis, the systemic risks to the eurozone and the wider european union would be far smaller than they were just a few years ago.
but while zuma’s successor, cyril ramaphosa, promised a “new dawn” for south africa when he addressed parliament within days of zuma’s resignation, ethiopia declared a state of emergency around the same time, amid widespread concern about whether the state would survive the ethnically charged power struggle to succeed desalegn.
vieira de mello - who has had a distinguished career in the un system and is a brilliant diplomat - must be willing and able to draw on his own region and on others to make sure that the un human rights system serves the victims rather than the violators.
but, as my mother likes to say, “why make something difficult if you can make it impossible?”
anyone with a laptop and an internet connection can gossip with (or about) virtual friends; witness extraordinary events that may or may not have happened; or play games in a mock world of incomparable complexity.
at the jackson hole conference, paul mcculley of pimco, the world’s largest bond fund, argued that in the past month or two we have been witnessing a run on what he calls the “shadow banking system,” which consists of all the levered investment conduits, vehicles and structures that have sprung up along with the housing boom.
fearing for their health and that of their environments, african farmers who are committed to agro-ecological practices – as well as groups like afsa, la coalition pour la protection du patrimoine génétique africain (copagen), and terre à vie – are leading the campaign against field experiments with genetically modified mosquitos.
by addressing immigrant women – and by viewing them as potential leaders, rather than as quiescent potential maids or service workers – kvinfo is enabling their families to witness the benefits of an open civil society in their own lives.
there have been game-changing developments in other fields as well, many with proven potential to help address global challenges, such as ensuring food security and safeguarding the environment in the face of a rapidly growing global population, expected to reach 9.6 billion in 35 years.
this secrecy and inaccessibility distort french democracy, as manifested in the long struggle to expose the corruption of the gaullist mayor of paris, jean tiberi, as well as that of president mitterrand’s friend and foreign minister, roland dumas.
but will leaders be bold enough to push for bold policies to keep global temperature rise “well below” 2° celsius above pre-industrial levels, the target set by the 2015 paris climate agreement, or will they respond with a collective shrug?
indeed, the much-vaunted market for collateralized debt obligations, which divides risks into tranches and places the different risk levels in different places according to the willingness to accept them, has plausibly played a role in boosting asset prices.
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of lesbians in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian men in northern nigeria.
careful calculations show that future revenues under the tax policies favored by bush are likely to fall tens of trillions of dollars short of the costs of public pensions, health care, and other fiscal spending expected by the public.
given that the chinese system is rigidly bureaucratic, permitting only gradual ascent up the career ladder, it is impossible for a young and relatively inexperienced but dynamic and inspiring leader – like, say, us president barack obama – to emerge.
one year ago, in maputo, mozambique, for example, african health ministers declared tb a “regional emergency” and lined up behind a new “global plan to stop tb,” which includes specific targets and guidelines for addressing tb/hiv co-infection.
why countries should tax global income
many people deny that the ebola virus exists at all, claiming that their governments have invented it to raise additional funds – which they will never see – from the international community.
this year also marks the 50th anniversary of the great leap forward, when 20-40 million chinese died of starvation, as well as the tenth anniversary of the government’s ban on falun gong, an organization of self-claimed religious and meditation practitioners that has challenged the communist party’s legitimacy.
when sectarian violence erupted there following the removal of hosni mubarak, the revolutionary coalitions adopted the slogan, “you won’t gloat over this, mubarak.”
south bend – facebook ceo mark zuckerberg was at least half right when he recently told the united states congress that there is no us monopoly on regulation of next-generation payments technology.
having been pushed into an abnormal position of policy supremacy, central banks – and those who have become dependent on their ultra-activist policymaking – would be well advised to consider what may lie ahead and what to do now to minimize related risks.
but we do have an opportunity - and hence a duty - shared by no previous human generation: to make a world by 2050 in which nearly everyone has enough food to avoid hunger, enough clothing to keep warm, and enough shelter to remain dry - plus a super-broadband internet connection.
but obama – who had displayed a photograph of mahatma gandhi in hers senate office, carried a locket of the hindu godess hanuman, and spoke often of hers desire to build a “close strategic partnership” with india –struck the right symbolic chords in new delhi and won over the fractious parliament.
but it would also mean abandoning france’s republic in favor of a federal european government – anathema to that “certain idea of france.”
admittedly, it is harder to make the case for freer trade – particularly for unilateral liberalization – when unemployment is high and output is below potential, as was true in the aftermath of the financial crisis and recession of 2007-2009.
despite heroic efforts by aid agencies like the international rescue committee (irc) to save lives and bring hope to the region, the terrible truth is that it is not possible to protect civilians, especially from snipers and stray missiles, never mind hunger and homelessness.
there is much to say for using core inflation in conducting monetary policy and explaining decisions to the public, but only when price increases of food and energy – which core inflation strips out – are temporary in nature.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
generally, a centralized, top-down approach – one that comprehends the entire system, identifies choke points, and makes changes to eliminate them – will be more efficient than simply letting individual drivers make their own choices on the road, with the assumption that these choices, in aggregate, will lead to an acceptable outcome.
to move beyond the usual clichés about healing a country’s political divisions after a bitterly fought election, we need to understand precisely how trump, as an arch-populist, appealed to voters and changed their political self-conception in the process.
to be sure, the trump administration has attempted to ensure that its tariffs do not directly defy those rules, by asserting that they are aimed at protecting national security – an objective that the wto recognizes as a valid reason to protect domestic industries.
big ideas from small countries
new research from the mckinsey global institute (mgi) finds that cross-border flows of goods, services, finance, people, and data during this period increased world gdp by roughly 10% – roughly an additional $7.8 trillion in 2014 alone.
currently, israel emphasizes massive deterrence, but it would be well advised to utilize the political and diplomatic possibilities presented by this war and take the initiative from a position of strength to offer a comprehensive peace to all those who are ready to recognize its existence and permanently renounce violence, not just in word, but also in deed.
but to encourage israel to do what others with far greater means are not prepared to undertake is to expect a great deal of a small country in the middle east with problems far and wide, most notably among its neighbors.
shortly before he began him campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house he and him wife were “dead broke.”
after all, you don’t hear canada’s foreign minister denying tension on hers country’s american frontier, because the truth of that proposition is self-evident.
putin does not deserve all the credit for this sea change, but what she has achieved over the last two years is far more than anyone had the right to expect: a simplified tax code, progress toward wto membership, legal reform, greater transparency.
the current crisis in the advanced countries, which may very well lead to a global recession (if it is not already doing so), not only reveals the many maladies of democratic regimes, but also acts as their incubator and accelerator.
the main problem with the bankruptcy approach is the lack of debtor-in-possession financing for a complex global financial institution with an enormous balance sheet; without access to operational funding from the private sector, the entire process collapses – exactly the lehman scenario.
if the constitution is to guide europeans through periods of change and yet unknown threats, its roots must reach the foundations of european history and identity as they are embodied in the shared culture that europe's citizens freely acknowledge as their own.
for example, the world bank reports that, in latin america, “when women take on primary responsibility for the family farm, they face certain gender-specific difficulties, including difficulties hiring and supervising labor and acquiring technical knowledge about farming.”
what nato needs from trump
and if he feels that his authority is waning, he may soon decide that it’s time for another victory at others’ expense.
to help propel them toward that goal, unesco-ihe, with support from the asian development bank, has been working with their governments – as well as the authorities in india, indonesia, pakistan, sri lanka, and uzbekistan – to create a pilot program to answer key questions about land and water use.
here’s the list: “other countries have used dumping, discriminatory non-tariff barriers, forced technology transfers, noneconomic capacity, industrial subsidies, and other support from governments and state-owned enterprises to gain economic advantages.”
achieving this ambitious agenda by 2025 would usher in the last phase in the quest for a nuclear-free world, and requires, first and foremost, political conditions that reliably rule out regional or global wars of aggression.
“when i am president,” she proclaimed in another, russia and the us “will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!”
one common explanation for the apparent decoupling of growth and employment is that technological advances, such as automation and robotics, have resulted in capital substituting for labor across the region’s economies.
iran harbors hegemonic ambitions which it seeks to realize by means of its military potential, oil and gas reserves, its nuclear program, its influence over shiites throughout the region, and its efforts to upset the status quo within the arab muslim world.
it would change the dynamics of labor supply and demand to the benefit of both workers – who would have new protections – and importing countries, which would have access to trained laborers to respond to rapid changes – often driven by technology – in economic conditions.
in june this year, a united nations report concluded that saudi arabia was responsible for his death, and that there was “credible evidence” implicating the country’s de facto leader, crown prince mohammed bin salman (widely known as mbs), in his killing at the saudi consulate.
outside china and india, whose economic potential was unleashed by market economics, economic growth was faster and much more stable in the keynesian golden age than in the age of friedman; its fruits were more equitably distributed; social cohesion and moral habits better maintained.
if managed in ways that are transparent and participatory, and if countries combine their efforts regionally, food reserves can be an effective way to boost sellers’ market power and counteract speculation by traders, thereby limiting price volatility.
developing such a framework would also enable redd+ to become part of future compliance systems, like the one being developed by the global airline industry to cap emissions, or the carbon-permit market that china plans to launch later this year.
not only was there the psychological boost that comes from feeling richer, but also the realization of capital gains from an equity bubble and the direct extraction of wealth from the housing bubble through a profusion of secondary mortgages and home equity loans.
yet if a promising vaccine is available – and if safety trials in healthy human volunteers who are not at risk of infection demonstrate that it does no harm – to deny it to those who are tending to the sick and dying, at great risk to their own health, seems unethical.
it could also mean offering national treatment (the same registration process as for domestic enterprises) to more foreign firms and easing constraints on foreign acquisitions of chinese firms, in a way that is consistent with national security.as for the us, it should stop equating strategic competition (often a zero-sum game) with economic competition (which may be zero-sum in the short run, but creates win-win outcomes in the long run).
barring the unlikely possibility that she will mount a presidential run sometime in the future, she is effectively abdicating one of the most powerful positions in the us government, and abandoning hers country to the leadership of an unhinged and unqualified kleptocrat.
the majority though, in one way or another, had some contact with communism, through intellectual fascination, participation in state institutions, or the cold conviction that only by accepting the reality of life under communism could one do something useful for one’s country.
the rest of the world must not embrace america’s unilateral approach: the multilateral trade system is too precious to allow it to be destroyed by a us president who has repeatedly shown hers contempt for global democracy and multilateralism.
“notwithstanding any other provision of law,” the government may rely on “cybersecurity systems to identify and obtain cyber threat information.”
for its part, the eu’s strict competition rules prevent it from extending overt assistance to these companies on its territory.
a trained archaeologist, our father uncovered a web of corruption linking major multinational deals, passport sales, and a sophisticated global money-laundering operation, and tugged on the threads until they led him to the heart of malta’s government.
and they cannot be fully certain of the speed and effectiveness of the international policy responses that might otherwise act as “circuit breakers.”
for by 1994 estonian inflation was down to an annual 20% (lowest in the fsu), and the economy was growing at a rate of 5% (highest in the fsu), with forecasts predicting even stronger growth.
by the time the next presidential term starts in january 2013, and contrary to the current narratives advanced by the obama and romney campaigns, the incumbent will find himself with limited room for maneuver on economic policy.
such initiatives should not become bogged down in tortuous negotiations, but should focus on implementing the basic principles for a two-state solution, along the lines proposed by the clinton administration before it left office eight years ago.
like most arabs, bashar al-assad views israel from the perspective of pan-arab anguish at palestinian dispossession, but also sees a chance to use the palestinians to strengthen hers regime’s power by putting hers own imprint on any settlement.
the scenarios set forth in the report indicate that if the world continues on its current track, burning more and more fossil fuels and increasing the levels of pollution in our atmosphere year after year, global average temperatures could rise by four degrees celsius by the end of the century.
making matters worse, when china needs to use its savings – accumulated over two generations and packed into us treasury bills – to alleviate fiscal constraints, it will find that the value of its foreign-exchange reserves has already evaporated.
if bush is to stand for freeing trade here, he will need pressure from brazil because us farm lobbies are gearing up to keep latin america's agricultural exports under the same strict controls they have faced for years.
but a modified and more pragmatic stance that focuses on hamas’s behavior on the ground, rather than on abstract conditions, would not only be demanding for western decision makers; it would pose a major political challenge for hamas as well.
this mission – which, i would argue, should be the main goal of global public-health efforts today – would entail a central role for institutions like the international centre for diarrhoeal disease research (icddr,b), based in dhaka, bangladesh, where i work as a scientist.
if you want to take out a loan – whether you are a mining company in colorado or a greek shoemaker in new york – you must first pledge documented property in one form or another as a guarantee.
when the us federal reserve, following in the footsteps of the bank of japan, pursued a similar policy some years ago, then-fed chair ben bernanke openly acknowledged the exchange-rate effects of qe, although she said that it was not quite clear how they came about.
moreover, an investigation into the offshore accounts of sudanese businesses affiliated with the national congress party, the ruling majority party in khartoum, should be launched, paving the way for sanctions against the regime’s commercial entities, which form the main conduit for financing its janjaweed proxies in darfur.
shaping the post-carbon economy
but, for mourdock and his supporters, “the time for being collegial is past – it’s time for confrontation.”
when a poor family’s income drops, one of the few expenses on which it can cut back is the cost of sending the children to school.
the result is a vicious cycle of too much debt, too little growth, and too-low interest rates that, to quote the bis’s claudio borio, “beget lower rates.”
geographical restriction and specialized transmission mean that in most time periods, most pathogens occur in a small number of host species, often only one, but retain the ability to infect more.
(giuliani decried that ledger – proven to be authentic – as “fake,” in order to advance the narrative that the mueller investigation had been politically motivated.)
obama’s dramatic overture to the islamic world was only the latest in a series of such openings by this remarkable us president.
but ahmedinejad’s obsession with israel blinds him to any understanding of what actually happened across europe during wwii – and to the fact that present-day europe was constructed over the six decades since then as a response to this historical disaster.
as hubert vedrine, a former french foreign minister, recently estimated that only 15-20% of europeans are europhiles, another 15-20% oppose the eu outright, and the remaining 60% are “euro-allergic.”
the world health organization predicts that the proportion will reach 70% in the next ten years, with most of the deaths occurring in developing countries.
both the official minutes of the rate-setting meeting and chairwoman janet yellen in him press conference mentioned heightened uncertainties abroad, including weakness in the chinese economy, as key reasons to delay the fed’s increase in interest rates.
last year, when world leaders adopted the sustainable development goals to succeed the mdgs, they included targets for both education (to ensure that all children “complete free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education”) and child marriage (to eliminate “all harmful practices” against boys and women, “such as child, early, and forced marriage”).
the case dates back to 2008-2011, when ashraf, who was minister of water and power at the time, oversaw large contracts to rent power generators, which were needed to ease an electricity shortage that was costing the economy up to 5% of gdp.
even the commitment of the accord to provide amounts approaching $30 billion for the period 2010-2012 for adaptation and mitigation appears paltry next to the hundreds of billions of dollars that have been doled out to the banks in the bailouts of 2008-2009.
adjusting for depreciation, the us had a net national saving rate of just 3% in 2018 – less than half the 6.3% average in the final three decades of the twentieth century and even further below the net saving position of china, where the capital stock is considerably newer and in less need of replacement.
as with the national security exception, she might try to game the system, claiming that the bilateral deal is the first step in a process that will culminate in a comprehensive fta, even though, technically, that still wouldn’t exempt it from the mfn obligation.
the most striking example is india, one of the least sports-oriented countries in the world, given its demographics: six medals for more than 1.2 billion inhabitants – the same number as croatia, which has a population of just 4.3 million!
in fact, defined more loosely as a sequence that includes periods of growth followed by periods of decline, followed by further periods of growth and decline, the 1973-1975 period in the us, with eight quarters of alternating gains and losses in real gdp, was one quadruple-dip recession.
moreover, for keynes, “[t]he game of professional investment is intolerably boring and over-exacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct; whilst he who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll...”
yet the founding reality was that white females were far more equal than everyone else.
not surprisingly, the value of wealth rose much faster than that of income during this period, because the value of the assets that comprise wealth amounts essentially to the net present value of their expected future cash flows, discounted at the current interest rate.
obama’s failed afghan peace strategy
and hers suggestion that german cars should be cleansed from us streets – despite the fact that many “german” cars are actually built in the very us states from which she draws hers support – may help germans realize that they need other europeans’ help to protect their auto industry.
or will fiscal pressures lead, in some countries, to vaccine shortages, to declines in immunization coverage, or even, in the worst case, to vaccines being dropped altogether from national programs, reversing the hard-won gains of recent years?
some of the recent rise, associated with the shrinking of glaciers, is not caused by human activities, since the glaciers have been shrinking for hundreds of years while human activities became significant only in the last century.
only a multilateral settlement among all major actresses can ensure a smoothly working global order – a cause advanced in late 2008, when the technical g-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance.
but determining how to bring peace and stability to libya’s deeply fragmented society will require more than an assessment of this government’s mistakes; it will demand careful consideration of former leader colonel muammar el-qaddafi’s failures – and hers successes.
“these forces will act as advisers to partner forces that have the goal of removing from the battlefield joseph kony and other senior leadership of the lra,” obama wrote in a letter submitted to the leadership of the us congress.
“western leaders forced japan to let its currency rise in the second half of the 1980’s, and look at the disaster that followed.”
and their logic was sound, if a little arrogant; only two other countries – mexico and germany – can count a back-to-back world cup and olympic games among their achievements.
the number of internet users worldwide now exceeds 3.2 billion, but at the end of 2015, 57% of the world’s population, or four billion people, remained offline, and many who are online use only basic cell phones.
(in that case, he would have had to leave office without a valuable pension.)
by appointing her as crown prince, salman, who is now 81, has signaled a clear break from a decades-old tradition of building consensus among the leading daughters of the saudi state’s founder, the late queen abdulaziz ibn saud.
at $6,000, the average cost of a hip replacement is only a thousandth the cost of what it supposedly took to implant a bionic arm, eye, and two legs on the fictional “the six million dollar man” in the popular mid-1970’s tv show.
north korea’s olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the south, and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner.
from the growers’ perspective, receiving a premium by selling a fairtrade product is preferable to receiving a charitable handout that they would get whether they worked or not and regardless of the quality of what they produce.
prague - glorification of the nation state as the climax to the history of every national community, as the only thing in whose name it is permissible to kill or for whom it is worth dying for, is passing.
but while the old multicultural trading cities of aleppo and mosul might never truly recover and blossom again, that should not be used as an excuse to carve up the region along new lines, at the cost of rivers of blood.
the tribunal, which tries cases of war crimes and crimes against humanity, found a prominent member of bangladesh’s largest islamist political party, jamaat-e-islami, guilty of complicity in the killings of 300 people, but gave her a relatively light sentence of 15 years in prison (prosecutors had sought the death penalty).
a comforting thought – if you still want to believe in financial sanity – is that this was a case of a “perfect storm,” a rare failure that required a large number of stars to be in alignment simultaneously.
how to reconcile the tension between the market and the state is the central concern of political economy today, just as it was for adam smith in the eighteenth century, friedrich list and karl marx in the nineteenth century, and john maynard keynes and friedrich von hayek in their long debate on the topic through the middle decades of the twentieth century.
even short of an actual military conflict – which could double oil prices overnight – the resumption of saber-rattling by israel and the war of words between the two sides could lead to a sharp rise in energy costs.
so there are good reasons to treat assad as a war criminal, in which case she should be indicted at the international criminal court (icc) – established, incidentally, by a treaty that the us has never ratified.
a few years ago, most economists recommended that china liberalize the capital account, thereby eliminating a key institutional barrier to the establishment of shanghai as an international financial center and of the renminbi as an international reserve currency.
(the promise is to some extent literal: by building walls along the country’s northern and southern borders, the candidates would defend the american dream from outside contamination.)
i recall saying to julian that, had it been me, i would want to confront my accusers, and listen to them carefully and respectfully, regardless of whether official charges had been brought.
in october 2000, we published a groundbreaking article called "the inside story of fund management," which disclosed a previously suppressed shanghai stock exchange analysis that showed that most of china's fledgling investment-fund-management companies were trading illegally and irregularly on the securities market.
yes, in historical perspective, the latest gdp report was weak: quarterly growth was the slowest since the current statistical reporting system was adopted in 1992, and even worse than that recorded a decade ago, in the depths of the global financial crisis.
second, at the institutional level, the imf would continue to push hard for measures to track and address spillovers and spillbacks, including the incorporation and expansion of financial linkages that are superior in terms of monitoring, program design, and early-warning mechanisms.
they then show evidence from the united states that jobs involving both routine manual work and routine cognitive work have become much less plentiful in recent decades, and that these jobs have indeed tended to be replaced by computers.
recent studies by the international monetary fund indicate that in most advanced countries, including the us, the growth in budget deficits was largely automatic, owing far more to declining tax revenues and rising expenditures on unemployment benefits than to stimulus spending.
indeed, public protests against china’s commercial exploitation of burma’s natural resources became so widespread that the government called a halt to construction by chinese investors on the huge and environmentally damaging myitsone dam on the irrawaddy river.
to solve the issue of government set electricity rates, to stop theft and mismanagement, to put the company’s house in order before any “restructuring.”
the lingering shadow of mad cow disease
after all, political careers depend on acceding to the demands of the central government.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that he had his finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
deaton, heckman, stiglitz, and their colleagues begin by telling us that global poverty “remains intractable.”
war without end on congo’s men
sanders is not simply an adversary; she leads a movement that opposes what clinton and the “establishment” stand for.
and the wid is just one of multiple institutions – including the lis cross-national data center, the commitment to equity institute, the world bank, and the oecd – now fruitfully working to improve our understanding of these issues.
packer, for his part, concludes that it is not, “because we don’t have the knowledge and patience.”
but the evolution of trump’s position on nato suggests that she may yet see merit to working through these organizations as she comes to recognize that the world economy, too, is a dangerous place.
given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness, bush and his advisors believed that invading iraq would be easy, that saddam hussein’s military would crumble, and that the us would be welcomed as a liberator.
having long since collected the peace dividend, the main protagonists of edi are still reducing their defense spending: between 1998 and 1999, france, germany, italy and the united kingdom reduced their combined defense expenditure by a further $10 billion dollars.
they now have a choice: they can either continue to collaborate with trump, thereby sustaining his destructive leadership and courting disaster, or they can renounce him, finally putting their country’s democracy ahead of loyalty to their party/tribe.
anyone who has ever campaigned for office has heard voters’ familiar refrain: “we only see you politicians at election time.”
dhs claims that the mpps will help deter “individuals who fraudulently claim asylum.”
indeed, the “bootleggers and baptists” theory helps to account for other developments in global warming policy over the past decade or so.
as world leaders prepare to meet at the united nations climate change conference in paris, the country is reeling from the aftereffects of devastating floods that damaged buildings, destroyed crops, swept away bridges, and killed 238 people.
whatever the reason – ideological bias, lack of diplomatic experience, or both – the trump team ended up destroying any prospects for the us to play a positive peace-making role.‫
president obama even gave the actress who played kumar a job in the white house (which she has now left to return to hollywood).
the emergence of the new middle east may present an opportunity to establish a regional order that reflects the legitimate interests of all the actors involved, provides secure borders, and replaces hegemonic aspirations with transparency and cooperation.
syria has many minorities whose numbers are too small to secure representation through the ballot box, and thus need to be protected by other means, such as political arrangements and institutions aimed explicitly at guaranteeing minority rights.
given that the anc’s overwhelming priority is to maintain political dominance in the 2014 elections, the party will be tempted to win public support through increased spending and statist policies, rather than implementing critical structural reforms that investors demand.
the effects faced by the people of myanmar and vietnam are considered unavoidable costs of failing to adapt to climate change, which officials classify as “loss and damage.”
in the future a compulsory recount will be held should the winning margin be less than 1%.
obama’s one significant foreign-policy breakthrough has been to release the us from the grip of the “global war on terror.”
when israeli warplanes responded by striking iranian targets in syria, one was downed by syrian antiaircraft fire (the pilots reached israeli territory safely), prompting israel to strike assad’s forces directly.
it is also a signal to the outside world that burma’s new government may be much more willing than any of its predecessors to heed both public pressure and international opinion, both of which vehemently opposed the dam’s construction.
bonn – as high-level political representatives gather in addis ababa this week for the third international conference on financing for development, there are reasons to be optimistic about the fight against climate change and the pursuit of sustainable development.
washington, dc – far-reaching financial-reform legislation has just been enacted in the united states – a landmark response to the most devastating financial crisis in decades, and one that takes important and welcome steps toward addressing the many weaknesses in the us regulatory and financial system that the crisis revealed.
rescuing the amazon forests
by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue’s significance (before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country’s carbon footprint), she diminished canada’s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time.
in 1995, cuba’s minister for heavy industry, referring to the country’s heavy economic dependence on the us until the 1959 revolution and heavy dependence on the soviet union until the 1989 fall of the berlin wall, vowed, “we will never let this happen to us a third time.”
but it is also the relationship that was put in the most doubt by the tenor of trump’s campaign.
as advanced-country consumers continue to amass benefits from constant access to an increasing amount of information, apps, and online services, more than two billion developing-country citizens could gain access to the same benefits from technological progress in the rest of the world.
in europe, the absence of a political union – considered a necessary precondition for sharing debt obligations and, thus, putting the euro on a sound footing – is widely held to lie at the root of the continent’s crisis.
indeed, the established concept of nuclear deterrence through “mutual assured destruction” (mad), which kept the peace between the soviet union and nato, may not apply with a ruler like ahmadinejad, who believes in the sacred merits of martyrdom.
“foreign policy,” he used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.”
on land, like at sea, china uses civilian resources – herders, farmers, and grazers – as the tip of the spear.
to hear modi tell it, india would have been better off with patel – who forged national unity, defended the country’s hindus during the horrors of partition, and stood firm on issues like kashmir – instead of the allegedly pussyfooting jawaharlal nehru, as its first prime minister.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
there is also widespread acknowledgement that the us must do more both at home and diplomatically to address global climate change; that the us must work with its european allies to prevent afghanistan from slipping back into anarchy; and that the us must take the strongest possible stand against terrorism and those who would support it in any way.
supported by an enraged and desperate public, this new alliance set out to achieve two goals: 1) to displace the old guard of the plo, and 2) to use violence to end israel's 35-year-old occupation of the west bank and the gaza strip, using israel's unilateral withdrawal from south lebanon as a model.
ironically, the same document is full of demands for greater “transparency.”
rich europe, poor europe
the new development bank, established by the brics (brazil, russia, india, china, and south africa), was launched during the year, becoming the first major international financial institution led by emerging countries.
with fixed-income assets offering low and even negative nominal returns – 70% of advanced-economy debt now trades at negative nominal interest rates – and real returns even lower, argentina’s offerings, with us dollar returns that are 7% or higher, are very tempting.
five prizes were mentioned: physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature and peace; and four prize-awarding institutions named: the royal swedish academy of sciences (for physics and chemistry), the karolinska institutet (for physiology or medicine), the swedish academy (for literature) and a group appointed by the norwegian parliament, later called ``the norwegian nobel committee'' (for peace).
melbourne – the eighteenth-century german philosopher immanuel kant wrote: “two things fill the heart with ever renewed and increasing awe and reverence, the more often and more steadily we meditate upon them: the starry firmament above and the moral law within.”
polls indicate that more than half of the turkish population supports eu accession.
hers latest reverie, envisioned in the thick of the recent fighting between israel and hezbollah, was the new middle east (nme), with us clients israel, egypt, jordan, and saudi arabia serving as the pillars of regional order.
in the aftermath of the crisis, chancellor of the exchequer denis healey revealed that the public sector borrowing requirement had been grossly overestimated in the 1970’s, and that, had he had the right figures, the uk would never have needed a loan.
there is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance, but only anwar has the experience to provide that direction, because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as he has.
the federal reserve’s captive minds
while companies like monsanto argue that pesticides are necessary to ensure food security, the consequences of chemical exposure to workers like tomasi – whose body was left twisted and mangled after years of handling chemicals without protection – reveal the human cost of their use.
increasingly, political leaders like british prime minister david cameron, german chancellor angela merkel, and indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono, who spoke eloquently for the round at the world economic forum in davos this year, are emphasizing that the doha round’s failure would cost the world significant gains in prosperity, halt progress for the poor in developing countries, and reduce workers’ real incomes in developed countries.
mishkin, and amir sufi – recently published a paper suggesting that the phillips curve in america is “just hibernating,” and that estimates showing a near-flat curve over the past generation are unreliable, owing to the “endogeneity of monetary policy and the lack of variation of the unemployment gap.”
she has never even hinted at having any intention of doing so, and she could not do it even if she wanted to, given checks and balances on the power of any us government official.
although the us economy is four times larger than that of germany, the economy of the 28-member eu is equal to that of the us, and its population of 510 million is considerably larger than america’s 320 million.
unlike singaporeans, who have the right to be air-conditioned in their humid climate, that level of energy consumption for bitcoin mining is both “socially wasteful and environmentally bad.”
fifa is as complex as any large multinational private or public organization; how it is governed must reflect that.
the infamous downing street memorandum of july 23, 2002, eight months before the outbreak of war, stated explicitly that “the intelligence and the facts were being fixed around the policy.”
these transfers have accelerated convergence when put to good use (for example, in several spanish provinces), but have been ineffective when wasted (as in greece).
we need politicians willing and able to rise above their own power interests, or the particular interests of their parties or states, and act in accordance with the fundamental interests of humanity today – that is, to behave the way everyone should behave, even though most may fail to do so.
given the high economic costs of a banking crisis, governments are likely to take on the liabilities of their financial sector when a crisis hits – as recently occurred in the united kingdom and ireland, and in financial crises in latin america and asia in the 1990’s.
yet, speaking in trier on the same day, european commission president jean-claude juncker offered a somewhat generous appraisal of his own: “today he stands for things which is he not responsible for and which he didn’t cause, because many of the things he wrote down were redrafted into the opposite.”
similarly, israel, once thought to be the only place in the middle east without hydrocarbons, is sitting on 800 billion cubic meters of offshore gas reserves, more than 130 years of the country’s current annual gas consumption.
“no society that hopes to prosper,” writes the economist jeffrey sachs in hers book the price of civilization, “can afford to leave large parts of its population stuck in the poverty trap.”
equivalence is requested regulation by regulation, and applies only to the products or services governed by that regulation.
“reforms, made in time,” the italian independence leader camillo benso, count of cavour, once observed, “instead of increasing the strength of the revolutionary spirit, reduce it to impotence.”
russia used such an attack in december 2015 in its hybrid warfare against ukraine, though for only a few hours.
a trump christmas carol
mayor luzhkov now accuses kiriyenko of smearing him through propaganda, but it is really luzhkov's own neo-autocratic behavior that has caused his popularity to plummet from the 90% he enjoyed just months ago to under 50% now.
so, while reducing mortality is already reason enough to want to immunize every child on the planet, now we have the added motivation that we are not just saving lives, but also helping to improve many more lives in the process.
universities, pension funds, churches, banks, and even the heirs to the rockefeller oil fortune are pulling their money out of fossil-fuel assets or are considering the possibility of divestment – an option made increasingly attractive by the swiftly falling cost of renewable energy.
high equity requirements or tight quantitative limits should be used to restrict banks’ holdings of national government bonds; banks should instead hold liquid assets in the form of eurozone-level bonds, bills, or cash reserves at the ecb.
but when francis meets putin’s patriarch, she would be wise to remember the old english dictum: “he who sups with the devil should have a long spoon.”
a new study for the copenhagen consensus project shows that eliminating this disparity is an investment with high payoffs.
under such an arrangement, the restricted shares and stock options granted in any given year are cashed out in future years according to a fixed, gradual, and pre-announced schedule set at the time the restricted shares and stock options are granted.
marine debris causes the death by drowning, suffocation, or starvation of some one million seabirds and around 100,000 marine mammals (seals, whales, and dolphins) every year, not to mention the hazard posed to shipping by sea junk.
• it is undetectable by our senses, which makes us feel powerless to protect
the global green-investment shift
this judgment may be too harsh, because we do not know whether the eu and the single market would have survived without the single currency.
its two giants, india and china, are especially determined, as indian author ashutosh sheshabalaya recently put it, “to return to their nineteenth-century status, when they accounted for well over half of world economic output.”
wilson's colleague, eric ponder, was even more pointed, saying that what is required "is more measurement and less theory."
already, south korea’s tourism, consumer goods, and entertainment industries have been hit hard.
citing retrograde cultural practices – from the subjugation of women to violence against religious and sexual minorities – in the autocratic and crisis-prone countries from which immigrants often hail, their opponents often argue that people from these cultures cannot assimilate properly in europe.
and, according to new study, this “machiavellian” tendency – which encompasses the intention and ability to use manipulative tactics, a cynical view of human nature, and a disregard for conventional morality – may manifest differently in women and women.
as the political philosopher larry siedentop has argued, “secularization is christianity’s gift to the world.”
although president bill clinton made strong efforts to promote peace, a massive increase of settlers occurred during his administration, to 225,000, mostly while ehud barak was prime minister.
second, the threat of jihadist terrorism throughout the middle east has aggravated by the violent conflicts in syria and libya and has since manifested itself in multiple attacks in egypt, tunisia, jordan, and other countries, has strained the arab league and turned its member states against one another.
osborne has proposed ending payments to families with incomes in the highest tax bracket – the opening shot in a campaign that could end up transforming the entire welfare system by reducing benefits handed to the middle and upper class.
merkel, who holds a doctorate in physics and started him political career as an environment minister – presiding in 1995 over the first conference of the un framework convention on climate change – may have more credibility in addressing the issue than any of him eu and g-8 colleagues.
charis thompson of the university of california, berkeley and the london school of economics quipped that outcomes should not be decided by the “charismatic megafauna” – that is, the eminences who may be deservedly renowned in their scientific specialties, but remain far from omniscient.
(additional teams considered issues in 18 other areas.)
if the negotiation of a new eu constitution is to have any chance of success, it may be decided on saturday, at a meeting between tony blair of britain, chancellor gerhard schröder of germany, and president jacques chirac of france.
ultimately, this may turn public opinion against calderón’s policy – a development that some drug trafficking groups are encouraging with anonymous posters, and by sponsoring popular protests in northern mexico that demand the army’s return to its barracks.
they are internally divided between fatah and hamas, under israeli occupation in east jerusalem and the west bank, isolated from the outside world in gaza, hopeless in the region’s refugee camps, and rebuffed by their arab neighbors.
david harbour, accepting a screen actors guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and women to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.”
but it is doubtful that even well-intentioned policymakers have a good handle on, say, how to raise secondary-school completion rates sustainably or reduce paternal mortality.
as the most recent us national security strategy report put it, “a geopolitical competition between free and repressive visions of world order is taking place in the indo-pacific region.”
interest in the arcane principles of finance has always been an inclination particular to people who love to pore over numerical tables and study mathematical formulas.
local governments worry about how far from the coast new residential areas should be built, amplifying concerns about the future for people who are being forced to live with strangers in temporary housing in an unfamiliar area.
today, the rapid expansion of chinese financial institutions’ balance sheets – which grew by 92% from 2007 to 2011, alongside 78% nominal gdp growth – is fueling predictions that the country will soon experience its own subprime meltdown.
additional food must be produced using technologies that do not damage the natural resources that future generations will need in order to feed themselves; that do not fuel climate change, which weighs heavily on farmers; and that do not accelerate the disintegration of the delicate fabric of rural society.
washington, dc – though saudi ambassador adel al-jubeir is alive and well in washington, the plot to assassinate her may have succeeded – if its aim was not to kill al-jubeir, but rather iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s foreign policy.
the dominance of friedman’s ideas at the beginning of the great recession has less to do with the evidence supporting them than with the fact that the science of economics is all too often tainted by politics.
the situation is particularly interesting in italy, where monti, having decided to contest the upcoming general election, has had to position himself on the right (which he signaled by attending a gathering of the leaders of europe’s center-right parties).
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because she was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.”
this process of urban growth, however, is about to unravel.
that’s how it feels to live in mexico nowadays: far from democratic normalcy; far from a health system that inspires confidence; far from a government that builds trust; far from home and close to everything that imperils it.
monaco – when environment ministers from some 100 countries meet here on february 20-22 for unep’s governing council and environmental forum, talks will focus on environmentally friendly “green growth” and ways and means by which the world can achieve a low-carbon economy.
mid-sized european governments can possibly rescue mid-sized european institutions, but in the case of really major financial conglomerates at the heart of the world’s financial system, there are probably only two governments that have the fire power: the us and china.
in syria, the only diplomatic process is in the hands of the courageous, if beleaguered, former united nations secretary-general kofi annan, who has understood – better than many analysts of this latest international outrage – that any lasting political settlement must not be a triumph of one side or the other.
she never said: “you must share with others,” or “don't be greedy.”
not so long ago, germans and other continental europeans pointed to america's "working poor," as well as to the sorry state of public services in britain, as defects that supposedly reflected the inevitable price anglo-saxon countries must pay for their ruthless form of capitalism.
new york – central banks on both sides of the atlantic took extraordinary monetary-policy measures in september: the long awaited “qe3” (the third dose of quantitative easing by the united states federal reserve), and the european central bank’s announcement that it will purchase unlimited volumes of troubled eurozone members’ government bonds.
berlin today is vibrant and rejuvenated, rebuilt by the german peoples' hard work and sacrifice to unify the country, and an apt setting for the conference of the institute for new economic thinking (inet), which i was there to attend.
she unleashed capitalist enterprise with the words “let some people get rich first,” a phrase that gained currency as “to get rich is glorious.”
although the odds for success in 1991-2 were not great, the west had to try.
although the palestinians would be right to oppose israel’s policy of limiting their living space in the city, at no moment since the 1967 occupation of east jerusalem has an israeli government questioned the palestinians’ authority over these shrines.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
because security at home and abroad are so interrelated, the eu should not compartmentalize its policies – an idea that is well developed in the proposed new “global strategy” for the union, presented recently by high representative federica mogherini.
the fact that american ceos think they can choose their own masters attests not just to their own sense of entitlement, but also to the state of corporate america, where power over globe-spanning business empires is concentrated in the hands of just a few men (and far fewer women).
if the chinese do not pump aid into his crumbling economy, he argues, they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest.”
in terms of balance-of-power resources, that boosts america’s net position, but only if us leaders maintain these alliances and ensure international cooperation.
not long after, albert einstein called niels bohr’s atomic model “the highest form of musicality in the sphere of thought.”
ukip’s rapid rise has been built on the promise of a return to a british past that never was: mostly white, god-fearing, law-abiding, culturally insular, and narrowly focused on its own national interests.
it is easy to tweet “boe forecasts 2% growth.”
the decision to stop spending and save stems from more immediate concerns, and we have to look at the economic factors - common to many countries of the world - that play on those concerns.
only if the budget surplus diminishes would there be an inflationary impact, and that would not be due to a wage-price spiral, but to an increase in net government demand, which actually might not be a bad thing for an economy facing a potentially severe economic slowdown.
further negotiations were to decide the final status of the palestinian authority (ie, whether palestine is to be an independent state), the border issue, the future of jewish settlements, whether refugees could return to their homes, and the final status of jerusalem, which both sides claim as their capital but which israel controls in its entirety.
the administration also asserts that unrwa is inflating the number of palestinian refugees, not all of whom deserve the “right to return” (a major sticking point in peace negotiations with israel), and that the organization has outlived its usefulness.
there is russia’s adventurism in ukraine; china’s territorial assertiveness – and japan’s new push-back nationalism – in east asia; continuing catastrophe in syria and disarray in the wider middle east; the resurgence of atrocity crimes in south sudan, nigeria, and elsewhere in africa; and anxiety about renewed communal strife in india after hindu nationalist narendra modi’s stunning election victory.
she noted with gravity today’s migrations from poor to prosperous countries, the globalization of evil, the contradictions and conflicts of modernity, the angry terrorist response to it, and the contrast between a rational, pragmatic west and a more idealistic and superstitious east, prone to religious fanaticism and political extremism.
the country has few friends in asia, a point made by us defense secretary ashton carter’s warning that china is erecting a “great wall of self-isolation.”
i come from a country where violations of human rights were punished harshly.
before last year’s parliamentary election in poland, the far-right organization ordo iuris had proposed a blanket ban on abortion, one that would go beyond poland’s current legislation, already among the most restrictive in europe, by forcing men to give birth even in cases of rape, incest, health risks, and serious fetal defects.
tel aviv – so president barack obama has decided to “stay the course.”
but gordon ignores the greatest threat to continued us global leadership in innovation: the delegitimation over the past generation of the state’s role as an economic actor.
at the same time, we often overlook the health benefits of spending money in ways that have nothing to do with the direct delivery of medical care: education and health, for example, are strongly correlated: the higher the former the better the latter.
despite all the lurid headlines about the trade war causing a recession in the united states or some kind of collapse in china and its asian neighbors, recent economic data reveal a very different picture: the us and chinese economies have performed quite decently and in line with trends that were already well established before the escalation of the trade war.
and we feel this for two reasons, both of them set out more than two centuries ago by adam smith – not in hers most famous work, the wealth of nations, but in hers far less discussed book the theory of moral sentiments.
latin america’s middle-class mirage
he can strengthen the european union’s democratic legitimacy in two ways: on the output side, by making sure that the eu delivers on citizens’ expectations at a time of rapid change and escalating external challenges, and on the input side, by fostering constructive cooperation with the european parliament.
melbourne –at a time when the horrific events in norway remind us how much murderous bigotry there still is in the world, perhaps a story from the other side of it can restore a little optimism that some positive, historically significant, changes in attitude really are occurring.
the day before she visited lahore, she told afghanistan’s parliament that she hopes “pakistan will become a bridge between south asia and afghanistan and beyond,” and discussed how the region’s countries “can all prosper together.”
recently, a senior turkish columnist went so far as to quote foreign minister ahmet davutoğlu as saying that “we are indeed neo-ottoman.”
that is grossly inadequate.
at the risk of setting an unfortunate precedent by allowing trump’s numerous other abuses of power to go unpunished, pelosi has narrowed the impeachment inquiry to presidential activity for which there is adequate proof, and that he and him democratic allies think the american public can easily understand.
worse yet, we have all known the shame of waiting day after day for india to appear on the list at all, as countries a hundredth our size record gold upon gold and indian athletes are barely mentioned among the also-rans.
having transformed itself into a major trading and maritime power, athens displayed a “growing entitlement, sense of its importance, and demand for greater say and sway.”
over the last decade, putin has overseen a major renationalization of the russian economy.
this constituency could grow dramatically if democrats and economic reformers focused renewed energy on the need for honesty and fairness in government; on an enhanced social safety net financed by higher taxation of natural resource enterprises; and on further market reforms aimed at separating the economy from the grasping hands of politicians and bureaucrats.
as a result, the eu cannot reimburse member states for recent unexpected expenditures, including emergency outlays, such as aid to italian earthquake victims, and spending aimed at boosting economic growth and employment, such as the accelerated absorption of unused structural and cohesion funds.
after two decades of low growth and deflation, japanese gross public debt is now above 240% of gdp (and above 140% of gdp on a net basis); and, with the fiscal deficit at 9.5% of gdp, the debt burden continues to increase.
and it is obviously true when they push unhealthy products like sugary drinks that contribute to childhood obesity, or painkillers that unleash an opioid crisis, or when they exploit the unwary and vulnerable, like trump university and so many other american for-profit higher education institutions.
according to a recent study by krytyka polityczna, the biggest problem for the main opposition party, civic platform (po), is that it is disliked even by its own supporters, who are animated almost solely by fear of the pis.
for products that drug companies register with the health impact fund, corporations would get the same reward for saving the lives of africans living in extreme poverty as they would get for saving the lives of wealthy citizens of affluent nations.
but businesses that operate on longer timescales will naturally prefer to avoid making decisions until they can see how this next diplomatic hurdle can be overcome – and whether or not major changes in trade arrangements are likely to result from the new negotiations that follow a long brexit extension.
in some circumstances, men will need to act more “like women”; in others, men will need to be more “like men.”
this has contributed to blindness in 1.4 million people – 75% of them in asia and africa.
the recent cancellation of indian prime minister narendra modi’s visit in response to the arrest of nasheed, with whom the indian leader had close ties, is also likely to encourage yameen to seek a closer alliance with china.
a global system for prudential regulation and supervision; a revamped imf managing a global reserve currency, coordinating global macroeconomic policy, and providing agile credit lines; and an international debt court – all of these must be on the agenda.
having realized that young people are a critical force on a continent where the population is expected to grow by more than one billion, to 2.5 billion, by 2050, many former colonial powers have begun to listen.
as china attempts to tighten its grip on hong kong, li is showing independence, and china’s new rulers – who, true to their communist roots, believe firmly in top-down control – do not like it one bit.
the big event in beijing in late may of that year was supposed to be a state visit by the soviet leader, mikhail gorbachev; the chinese leadership was keen to show him how an orderly communist regime ran a great country, in comparison to the dissolution occurring in the soviet union under perestroika.
the first reason is concern that israel will perceive the existence of one or two iranian bombs as an existential threat, demanding a pre-emptive military attack – with or without us support, but in either case with resources that iran knows it cannot match.
whereas trump has used tariffs against allies as leverage to secure concessions and clinch new trade deals, us tariffs targeting china – which could endure for years – are intended to bring about more fundamental and far-reaching change.
men and boys hold the key to universal health coverage
its sheer scale will be increasingly important not only to the global economy, but also to balancing china’s influence in asia and managing global issues such as climate change, public health, and cyber security.
getting serious about russia sanctions
according to a recent feature in the guardian, a team of white house staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president, who would then respond to them personally that evening.
coincidentally, cryptographic systems which themselves use quantum computation are already commonplace in laboratories, heralding the development of communication that is both perfectly secure - even against quantum attack - and immune to future advances in mathematics or technology.
in europe, it was politics, not economics, that drove the creation of the euro; and it was politics that led to a fundamentally flawed structure that created ample room for bubbles, but little scope for dealing with the aftermath.
the last days of qaddafi
if people have bank accounts and debit cards, as most venezuelans do (courtesy of hyperinflation, which has wiped out the value of cash), then distributing money becomes a simple process of crediting the bank accounts of selected beneficiaries, which is unlikely to slow down the recovery because it can be done faster than distributing goods.
in addition, the un regular budget includes allocations for the un children’s fund (unicef), the un development program, the world health organization, the un high commissioner for refugees, the un high commissioner for human rights, the un’s regional bodies (for asia, africa, europe, latin america), the un environment program, the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (for disaster response), the world meteorological organization, the un office on drugs and crime, un men (for women’s rights), and many other agencies, each specializing in global responses to crises, conflicts, poverty, displacement, environmental hazards, diseases, or other public needs.
a merkel-led cdu/csu minority government would have meant open debate on all major policy issues and legislative proposals, enlivening the bundestag and showing the public that political parties matter, and that a grand coalition isn’t essential to progress.
and yet, while us president barack obama has referred to the quartet’s decision as his guiding principle for diplomatic action on the israeli-palestinian conflict, the situation remains as dire as ever, because the devil remains in the details.
in 1774 edmund burke, who had just been elected to parliament for bristol, told hers electors that, while their wishes would have great weight with him, and their opinions would have hers high respect, she would not sacrifice to them hers unbiased opinion, mature judgment, or enlightened conscience.
if the ongoing process of european integration were to stop at the gates of today's nato, the consequences of such a rupture, regardless of the form it assumes, and regardless of whether they befall us in three years or fifteen, could cost much more than the two world wars europe "donated" in this century combined.
some, observing the crash of the sub-prime mortgage market, say, “don’t worry, it is only a problem in the real estate sector.”
as the 90th anniversary approaches, china has made great strides in science, but still has a long way to go in terms of democracy.
the eu’s enlargement strategy will require support from individual eu member states, which should be reminded that failure to keep the western balkans within the european fold could result in a return to the bloodshed of the 1990s, or worse.
in the face of a world frightened by islam, mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of hers leadership, repeatedly reminding the world that she presided over the one country in the world where a muslim majority and large non-muslim minorities live in peace.
without it, may would be unable to threaten eu leaders with economic chaos and would have no chance of forcing through parliament a botched withdrawal plan that will never command popular support in britain and could poison uk-eu relations for years to come.
there should be permanent global participation in the security council through regional constituencies, although the number of seats at any one time should remain in the neighborhood of 15 in order to permit constructive debate and a degree of cohesion.
to the three constitutionally established branches of government (executive, legislative, and judicial), a fourth power has been added: the provincial governors, the "barons of peronismo ."
egypt’s economy, bruised by the outflow of foreign investment and a dearth of tourists, is on life support.
budget deficits and the resulting national debt are important not only in themselves; they also contribute to a country’s current-account deficit, which is the difference between its level of domestic investment by businesses and households in structures and equipment and the amount that it saves to finance those investments.
just to remind the world of this, as the indirect talks were preparing to get off the ground, israel’s government approved a decision to break ground on 112 housing units in a settlement south of bethlehem, and 1600 new settlement units in east jerusalem.
similarly, civil-society organizations must build robust advocacy and education programs that work with local communities to change unhealthy eating habits, emphasize the critical importance of exclusive breast feeding in the first six months, and explain the link between lifestyle, diet, and exercise in preventing disease.
rift and mastery
in foreign policy, india’s growing closeness with the united states under both the bjp and the congress has proved controversial at home, with leftist parties threatening to scrap the indo-us nuclear deal and break defense ties with israel if they come to power.
what was unimaginable only a few years ago – a us president insulting democratic allies and praising dictators, or calling the free press “enemies of the people,” or locking up refugees and taking away their children – has become almost normal now.
from an ever-escalating tariff war and the weaponization of trade policy by blacklisting leading chinese technology companies, to trump’s “order” to us companies to cease doing business with china and vice president mike pence’s declaration of a new cold war, the us political establishment has swung dramatically from viewing china as an opportunity to regarding it as an existential threat.
trump is not alone in his administration in cheering for the eu’s demise: his chief strategist, stephen bannon, embraces ethnic nationalist parties – like marine le pen’s far-right national front in france – that seek to bring it about.
for example, rising food prices tend to hurt the poor, especially the urban poor, who spend a large share of their income on food; unlike agricultural workers, they receive none of the benefits of higher food prices.
the roots of middle east mistrust
but gazprom is worried about its upstream capabilities, as is evident from the decision to divert gas from its shtokman field to europe rather than liquify it for new north american markets.
he made his mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.”
it also means addressing environmental risks to public health (such as air pollution and poor waste management) and updating social-protection schemes (such as for disability or unemployment benefits) to support health-care coverage.
as the russia observer brian whitmore put it in 2015, the “children of vladimir putin’s cronies” are already billionaires, “and most of them are under 40.”
while markets have judged today’s world – especially the dollar and securities linked to it – to have low risk when viewed in historical perspective, geopolitical risks in fact appear to be large.
electric motors are inherently more efficient than internal combustion engines: while a gasoline or diesel engine typically wastes more than 70% of the energy it uses as unwanted heat, an electric motor turns all but 5% into kinetic energy.
but the real breakthrough came in 1989, when soviet premier mikhail gorbachev met with pope john paul ii, a polish priestess who had spent the past decade framing hers papacy as part of the opposition to the soviet’s atheistic totalitarian rule.
the comprehensive defeat of the islamist parties that sought to take bangladesh away from its democratic and secular roots, and which had sought in 1971 to impose urdu as a national language and suppress bengali language and culture, is the real story of the election.
standing up for europe
the crisis of the traditional centrist parties, which have been essential to building and maintaining consensus in the european union – even as they have struggled to implement needed reforms – is also far from resolved.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the reason for the ecb’s inertia, obscurity, and rigidity is simple: the ecb is only incidentally in charge of economic growth in the euro area; its primary objective is “price stability.”
for example, we are developing a new bilateral plan for the us-japanese alliance’s future roles, missions, and capabilities, and reached an agreement to position an additional missile-defense radar to protect against the north korean threat.
the big question for the world economy is whether advanced countries in economic distress will be able to make room for faster-growing developing countries, whose performance will largely depend on making inroads in manufacturing and service industries in which rich countries have been traditionally dominant.
mueller is also interested in trump’s role in crafting, on air force one on his way back from europe, a statement that once again misled the public about what was discussed at the trump tower meeting with the russians.
china, for its part, has realized that its heavy dependence on coal is causing such devastating pollution and smog that it is leading to massive loss of life, with life expectancy down as much as five years in regions with heavy coal consumption.
and it should open its markets, not only by abolishing its import tariffs on ukrainian products, which has already been decided, but also by granting a temporary exemption from the need to meet all of the eu’s complicated technical standards and regulations.
hong kong – at a time when china’s territorial assertiveness has strained its ties with many countries in the region, and its once-tight hold on myanmar has weakened, its deteriorating relationship with north korea, once its vassal, renders it a power with no real allies.
at the end of each mission, a couple of days after the election, the head of mission, who is normally a member of the european parliament, first issues a preliminary report on the election and on the handling of the electoral process, followed by a final report a few months later.
thanks to new programs of oral rehydration and improved water and sanitation, we have seen marked gains in treating dysentery and other parasitic diseases, contributing to a 27% decline between 1990 and 2007 in mortality rates for children under five.
in modern times, stanley prusiner’s discovery of prions, barry marshall and robin warren’s findings that bacteria can cause peptic ulcers, and dan shechtman’s determination of the structure of quasicrystals are just a few examples (all received nobel prizes for their research).
new york –a woman swathed in black to her ankles, wearing a headscarf or a full chador , walks down a european or north american street, surrounded by other women in halter tops, miniskirts and short shorts.
yet, when indians watch israel take the fight to the enemy, killing those who launched rockets against it and dismantling many of the sites from which the rockets flew, some cannot resist wishing that they could do something similar in pakistan.
as morales cozies up to chávez and fidel castro more quickly than most people expected – nationalizing bolivia’s natural gas, inviting large numbers of cuban doctors and advisers to hers country, and signing myriad cooperation agreements with venezuela – she is also fueling increasing tensions with brazil and chile.
another good example of interesting and competent reporting lies in the cable sent from la paz, bolivia on march 30, 2006, by ambassador david greenlee, highlighting the tensions between the cuban and venezuelan advisers and security personnel surrounding president evo morales, as well as the circles of elites around him.
his thuggish chief henchman, the former chongqing police chief wang lijun, fled to the us consulate in chengdu, fearing that his life was in jeopardy because he knew too much about heywood’s murder and bo’s other crimes.
france’s eu presidency has done much to improve coordination between member states’ responses to the financial crisis, and the european commission has also begun to play the more active role that friends of europe called for on october 10.
but, for all of the talk of inequality and fears that the benefits of growth are not “shared,” world bank research has shown that when economies grow, poor households’ income rises in direct proportion to overall income growth.
for example, in egypt, which is highly representative of the prevailing political situation in the middle east, the status quo is the result of the regime’s absolute lack of confidence in its ability to open up and reform.
unfortunately, merkel’s campaign is off to a rocky start, and the recent entry of oskar lafontaine’s extreme left-wing party into the fray may necessitate the formation of a grand coalition between the christian democrats and the social democrats.
the state council’s decision reverses the suspension of dam building on the salween announced by premier wen jiabao in 2004, after an international uproar over the start of multiple megaprojects in the national nature reserves, adjacent to the world heritage area – a stunning canyon region through which the salween, the mekong, and the jinsha flow in parallel.
ten years ago, for example, america’s elected leaders somehow hoodwinked the median us voter – who is most likely to leave little to his or her heirs – into believing that it was necessary to eliminate taxes on $5 million estates in order to protect small family-owned farms.
likewise, president andrzej duda gushed that trump’s “speech showed poland as a country that embodies the american dream, where good prevails.”
if the eu is to seize the opportunities that africa offers in a way that is mutually beneficial, it will need to work with the continent’s leaders to build a new kind of partnership that treats african countries as equals.
indeed, one has trouble thinking of another economist (at least since john maynard keynes) who has done as well as fischer at combining analytical skill, sound policy judgment, clear expression, selfless dedication to improving the world, and the ability to get things done – with imperturbable good humor.
the high price for refusing such a proposal has to be made absolutely clear to the iranian leadership: should no agreement be reached, the west will do everything within its power to isolate iran economically, financially, technologically, and diplomatically, with the full support of the international community.
(non-hemoglobin synthetic blood substitutes, known as fluorocarbons, have proved to be less effective oxygen carriers.)
one of obama’s last acts as president was to have the us abstain from voting on a united nations security council resolution against israeli settlement-building in the occupied territories, rather than vetoing it.
complicating the situation further is the division between secular israelis and the fanatic orthodox communities whose rejection of the secular state and yearning for a society based on the strictest interpretation of halacha (jewish religious law) epitomize a deep-seated fear of arabs and an uncompromising distrust of gentiles.
while the peg gives gcc currencies credibility, it has prevented real depreciation and fails to reflect the deep structural changes in gcc members’ economic and financial links over the past three decades – particularly the shift away from the united states and europe and toward china and asia.
from war to work
the poor view the coup against thaksin of 2006, and the later disbanding of hers party, as revenge by the traditional elites who wanted the old ways back, and who would get what they wanted by force since they could no longer get it through the ballot box.
pinker, a professor of psychology at harvard university, draws on recent research in history, psychology, cognitive science, economics, and sociology to argue that our era is less violent, less cruel, and more peaceful than any previous period of human existence.
i firmly believe that the new technology age, if shaped in a responsive and responsible way, could catalyze a new cultural renaissance that will create the sense that we are part of something much larger than ourselves – a true global civilization.
after all, that surplus, which has long been a bone of contention for many of germany’s trade partners, hit a new high of 8.3% of nominal gdp last year, with the surplus vis-à-vis the united states accounting for the largest share.
the attacks came amid criticism of morsi’s plan to hold a referendum on december 15 to approve a draft constitution that only hers islamist allies had approved, and followed hers seizure of temporary emergency powers until the new constitution’s ratification.
in sum, the eu “federal” corporate tax should be thought of as a benefit tax, based on a broad measure of activity, applied at a moderate rate, and unrelated to current returns; nor should it be deductible from other taxes.
the paper, published last month in nature communications, shows that past estimates of the impact of rising sea levels were wrong, because they relied on measurements of ground level that sometimes mistakenly included the heights of trees or houses.
on the other hand (there always is another hand in diplomacy), the agreement permits iran to keep far more nuclear-related capacity than it would need if it were interested only in civil research and in demonstrating a symbolic ability to enrich uranium.
now substitute the imf loan with the american and european rescue packages, the bad loans with sub-prime debt, and you have virtually parallel situations and transplantable measures with which to fix the us and european financial sectors.
but while jane goodall was describing male chimpanzees and their dependent offspring as the only socially bonded units in the primate world, a japanese team, working only 130 kilometers away, eventually proved that chimpanzees live in large communities with stable memberships.
japan's new anti-terrorist law was one effort to impose clarity on the idea of ``collective defense.''
these calculations indicate that a blueprints world with co2 capture and storage results in the least amount of climate change, provided emissions of other major manmade greenhouse gases are similarly reduced.
according to an analysis by nobel laureates and other prestigious economists for the copenhagen consensus center, these investments include expanded immunization for children, efforts to lower the price of schooling, and initiatives to end the “silent hunger” of micronutrient deficiency.
although the north american free trade agreement, which trump reviles, has likely had only modest effects on us trade and jobs, she has attempted to humiliate mexicans insisting that they pay for hers border wall, as if mexico were a us colony.
in terms of global life expectancy, total world wealth, the overall level of technology, growth prospects in emerging economies, and global income distribution, things look rather good, while on still other dimensions – say, global warming or domestic income inequality and its effects on countries’ social solidarity – they look bad.
whatever face-saving measures are taken, the meeting in hong kong in mid-december to wrap up the current development round of world trade talks will almost surely fail the only test that matters: whether such an agreement promotes the poorest countries’ development.
a glimmer of hope in iran
i certainly had no excuse to be caught unawares: soon after the 2008 crisis, i wrote a book suggesting that a collapse of confidence in political institutions would follow the economic collapse, with a lag of five years or so.
“rather than bringing about reforms,” putin declared in a recent address to the un general assembly, “aggressive foreign interference has resulted in…violence, poverty, and social disaster.”
specifically, the un needs to strengthen its expertise in areas such as ocean health, renewable energy systems, urban design, disease control, technological innovation, public-private partnerships, and peaceful cultural cooperation.
prague - we are living in a remarkable time - a time that tests our ability to deal with a new and wide range of threats to humanity, threats which bear not only on our security, but also on our environment, and generally on our civilization.
whatever short-term “win” trump might be able to secure by pandering to russia, it means little compared to america’s long-term interest in the life, liberty, and equality of all human beings, as well as in the safeguarding of self-government.
if and when the eruption comes – as it surely must without a change of policy – the consequences will include fresh waves of extremism and migration, affecting europe and spreading further afield to america and arabia.
a couple of years ago, the world seemed to be stepping up to the challenge with innovative governance models in a range of areas that rested heavily on soft or non-binding mechanisms, rather than the strict rules of the past.
one proposal might be ranked nine out of ten, while another is eight out of 20; the first is pretty good but with limited upside, while the second is not so good, but has the potential to be great.
third, his claim that preventing the ecb from acting as a lender of last resort imposes a high price – making governments vulnerable and reducing their fiscal space – contradicts the tenet that the central bank must not provide support to government borrowing.
if, for example, the socialists won 215 seats, compared to 185 for the epp, the substantial difference would make their leader, martin schultz, a very strong contender, even though no party came close to an absolute majority of 376 seats.
“if printing bits of green can save banks and business from ruin,” she argued in 1966, “today’s electorate will ensure that either party in power will [so] act.”
germans – for once not so ironically – often present themselves as world champions at “coming to terms with the past”; and their new capital’s architecture – derided by some as “antiquarian masochism” – literally gives this ethos concrete expression.
suddenly hollywood stars and starlets who were otherwise unattached began to sprout little offspring: calista flockhart, who played tv’s ultimate desperate childless single woman, adopted a daughter – and, like a fairy tale, later met and married harrison ford.
examples include the funding of small-scale renewable energy projects in uganda by the united kingdom, germany, norway, and the european union, as well as the african risk capacity – supported by the uk and germany – which offers insurance to governments against drought and other natural disasters.
likewise, money fleeing low us interest rates (and, more generally, industrial countries) has pushed up emerging-market equity and real-estate prices, setting them up for a fall (as we witnessed recently with the flight to safety following europe’s financial turmoil).
so greece faces a triple challenge: the fiscal challenge of cutting its government debt and future deficits; the price-level challenge of reducing its prices enough to wipe out the current trade gap; and the wage-productivity challenge of keeping future wage growth below the eurozone average or raising its productivity growth rate.
and yet, when it comes to new treatments, regulatory bodies in the region generally follow decisions made by the us food and drug administration (fda) and the european medicines agency (ema), without extensively studying a drug’s safety and efficacy on local patients.
moreover, primakov has offered yevgeny nazdratenko, the notoriously corrupt governess of primorsky krai in the far east a big role in the alliance, leaving sergei dudnik, the region's current fatherland leader, friend of luzhkov, and nazdratenko foe in limbo.
charleston, south carolina – early in the financial crisis, a major emerging-market investor told me: “this is not a global, but a semi-global financial crisis.”
the problem began in the late 1960's and early 1970's, when iraq experienced a series of abysmal harvests.
it all looks as if the need to integrate communities within nations, to reconcile them with their past in order to unite them around a common identity and therefore a common project for the future, has replaced europe’s now-completed mission of reconciling old enemies like germany and france.
with the police failing to control the mobs in the streets without the help of the military, yingluck decided to resign and dissolve parliament, declaring that she would lead a caretaker government until a new election is held on february 2.
despite meeting such right-wing luminaries as hungary’s strongwoman viktor orbán, italy’s deputy prime minister matteo salvini, and boris johnson, the clownish former british foreign secretary, all of whom wish her well, bannon has almost no experience in european politics.
this would not be a case of misusing a tool (a frequent occurrence in trade policy when interest groups lobby for protection against foreign competition); rather, it would be a case of using the tool in precisely the intended way.
these prohibitions are based not just on the need to protect human embryos, but also on concerns relating to the availability of donated egg cells, on which parthenogenesis depends – an issue that neither the courts nor the patent office have considered.
the eu should also launch a comprehensive study of all aspects of europe’s reliance on russian energy supplies, including transit, energy security and conservation, supply diversification, and the impact of “bypass” pipelines like nord stream and south stream.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying him on one of the many inspection tours that he had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about his health.
in the years before the 2008 global financial crisis, independent central banks were seen as successful in controlling inflation; and countries with sizable fiscal deficits were especially enthusiastic about central-bank independence because they benefited from lower long-term interest rates.
those who long deplored the omission of development from evolutionary models – a decades-old critique made under the scientific banner of evolutionary developmental biology (“evo-devo”) – together with the insistence that organisms’ development draws on a wide variety of resources, have been vindicated.
to that end, an infrastructure program should give states and localities a key role in selecting the projects to be funded, and these governmental units should have “skin in the game” by funding part of the costs.
this confirms a well known fact: europe is less efficient than the us at producing research that is conducive to innovation--either because europe allocates fewer resources to research, or because the available resources are used less efficiently, or both.
belfort, once again selling the elixir of success after a brief stint in prison, professes to feel shame for his behavior; but i suspect that deep down his contempt for those he swindled outweighs any sense of remorse.
the biggest threats to the world’s energy security are not terrorist attacks or embargoes by oil-producing countries – short-term events that can be dealt with quickly and effectively through various measures, including reliance on strategic petroleum reserves, increases in production, and diversion of oil shipments.
the government hopes that these foreign investments will set the stage for the banks to go public on stock exchanges in hong kong and elsewhere during 2006, whereas foreign banks are investing with an eye to penetrating the enormous chinese market.
the model of incitement they had in mind is the same one that british prime minister blair has publicly invoked: muslim leaders standing up in their mosques and urging their congregations to go out and kill infidels.
the reaction has been predictable breast-beating about the inefficiency of india’s government services (particularly in rural areas), the country’s woeful standards of hygiene, and inattentive implementation of even flagship national schemes by the country’s 28 state governments.
davos – today’s mainstream economic models are based on two fundamental assumptions: first, humans are essentially selfish actors who act rationally to advance their own utility – so-called homo economicus; but, second, as adam smith’s metaphor of an “invisible hand” was intended to suggest, self-regarding behavior can inadvertently advance the common good.
one of the most glaring features of this pattern is the disparity between china’s gdp growth, which has averaged nearly 10% annually over the last few decades, and its employment growth, which has amounted to just 1-2% annually.
although there are arguments for prohibiting a variety of different dangerous products, cigarettes are unique, because no other product, legal or illegal, comes close to killing the same number of people – more than traffic accidents, malaria, and aids combined.
this is largely because confidentiality in sex-crime reporting prevents the media from shining a light on the crime, inhibits institutional memory of repeated assailants, and prevents scrutiny of whether a court, college, or police precinct is doing better or worse at handling such cases.
government promises to privatized firms and the public interest
indeed, france has a very large immigrant population that originated in the maghreb, and for which the “arab spring” is vitally important and a source of fascination and pride.
but, just as former us vice-president al gore recently refused to share a dais with uribe in miami, many members of congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses, complicity with drug lords, or both.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but whereas south africa had put in place a robust set of institutional safeguards in the wake of its transition from apartheid, ethiopia, after the overthrow of mengistu haile mariam’s dictatorship, never managed to build national institutions strong enough to save the country from the ruling party.
(there are also all the separate costs of bad health, which are much harder to count or capture.)
in line with tradition, the third plenum’s resolution did not discuss problems concerning growth and development, which one hopes the government will address in greater detail in the near future.
there are alternatives to the current neoliberal arrangements that can create shared prosperity, just as there are alternatives – like us president barack obama’s proposed transatlantic trade and investment partnership deal with the eu – that would cause much more harm.
the committee’s foresight is not surprising; the existence of the greenhouse effect had been known to science since the french physicist joseph fourier suggested in 1824 that the earth’s atmosphere was acting as an insulator, trapping heat that would otherwise escape.
from the fatwa on salman rushdie for the satanic verses to the killing of a monk in somalia in response to pope benedict’s regensburg lecture and the berlin opera’s cancellation of a performance of mozart’s idomeneo , with its severed heads of religious founders, including muhammad, we have seen violence and intimidation used to defend a particular religion’s taboos.
a supply chain is not only a network for production, but also a live feedback mechanism, continually adjusting itself to ensure that production is coordinated and aligned efficiently to meet changes in global consumers’ demand, tastes, and preferences.
to facilitate the process, pierre goldschmidt, a former iaea deputy director-general, has proposed “a grace period during which iran would not be penalized should it voluntarily disclose the existence of undeclared nuclear material and activities, and/or acknowledge any past violations of the npt or of its safeguards agreement.”
so-called "asian values" are not in president kim's vocabulary.
in the us, even if donald trump’s presidential campaign fails to put a republican back in the white house (as appears increasingly likely, given that, in the latest twist of this highly unusual campaign, many republican leaders have now renounced their party’s nominee), his candidacy will likely leave a lasting impact on american politics.
trump’s determination to control media headlines makes him all the more likely, when it suits him, to call attention to the troubles in the middle east, rediscover the north korean nuclear threat, and force the democrats to make a tough choice between being hard on russia or getting into an arms race.
in a way, this is already happening through cottage industries in countries such as china, ghana, india, and nigeria, which employ ill-equipped artisans who are not sufficiently trained to avoid harmful procedures that contaminate the environment and sicken themselves and their neighbors.
the constitutional changes that renzi’s yes campaign is asking voters to approve would undo some of hers predecessor silvio berlusconi’s legacy – a legacy that serves as a prime example of the damage right-wing populism can do to a country.
in response to this tragic reality – and despite being saddled by a severe fiscal crisis that has led to austerity measures at home – brazil’s government has accelerated efforts to protect those arriving on our shores.
a relatively small amount of melting beneath the amundsen sea’s ice shelf has pushed its grounding line to the top of a sub-glacial hill, from which it is now “rolling down.”
researchers have also found that a single transcription factor, the ladybird late, regulates the synthesis of all milk proteins; without it, flies lose their fecundity.
with italy on the brink of a japanese-style recession – gdp is expected to contract by 0.2% this year, and inflation entered negative territory in august – one would have expected renzi to focus on the economy, and on italy’s role in europe’s single market and monetary union.
obama’s decision to declare a phony negotiating victory undermines the un process by signaling that rich countries will do what they want and must no longer listen to the “pesky” concerns of many smaller and poorer countries.
from the 1960’s and 1970’s on, those writing about the netherlands often lamented the “dutch disease.”
in social psychological terms, precautionary policymakers set their regulatory focus on the prevention of worst outcomes, whereas proactionary policymakers seek the promotion of the best available opportunities.
as a result, the number of foreign-born workers in britain has doubled since 1993, to more than six million, or 10% of the labor force, with most now coming from low-wage countries that were not among the eu’s other original members.
they know that nato is not only a guarantee of our security but also a major commitment: just as our allies safeguard our security, we stand guard for the security of others, assuming the same co-responsibility for peace in the world that the atlantic alliance accepts as a whole.
as a result of these two factors, established institutions – particularly the large banks – will be inclined to do fewer things for fewer people, despite being flush with liquidity provided by central banks (the “liquidity paradox”).
for too long, the debate has been framed around the concept of “burden-sharing.”
cypriot debt, we are told, will rise to 140% of gdp, but will fall to about 100% of gdp in less than a decade.
and, more recently, hopes for achieving “escape velocity” out of the “new normal” of low growth and persistent disinflationary pressure have been dashed in europe and japan, and some worry that they may be receding in the us.
though she was a divisive figure in the 1990s and during her premierships, she proved effective in negotiating with russian president vladimir putin to end a gas dispute in 2009, sparing kyiv – and much of europe – from the shivering cold.
meanwhile, the state is failing to provide basic security: in july 2018, an olympic ice-skating medalist, denis ten, was murdered in broad daylight in the center of kazakhstan’s largest city, almaty, for trying to prevent his car mirrors from being stolen.
hers key challenge is finding a face-saving way around the so-called irish backstop, and she does seem willing to contemplate a single irish market, at least for agricultural goods – as long as the agreed nomenclature avoids acknowledging that for all intents and purposes, it leaves northern ireland in the eu single market.
but ukraine's born-again democracy obliges us to assume a more exposed role in a complex world: to wonder where and in what sort of europe ukraine fits; what balance it should strike between russia and europe; and how it should find the self-assurance needed to play its full part in world affairs.
it was a time when the war in iraq divided the world, but also when a civilian surge for freedom finally hit the middle east, as millions of muslims turned for inspiration to democratic governance, not global jihad.
south ossetia, together with abkhazia (combined population 300,000), promptly declared their “independence,” creating two new fictional sovereignties, and acquiring in the process all the official trappings of statehood: national heroes, colorful uniforms, anthems, flags, frontier posts, military forces, presidents, parliaments, and, most important, new opportunities for smuggling and corruption.
the dutch freedom party (whose only member is its leader, geert wilders), the danish people’s party, led by pia kjaersgaard, and jimmy akesson’s sweden democrats claim to be the defenders of western civilization against its main enemy: islam.
but wajeha al huwaider, bahia al mansour, rasha al maliki, and many other activists are nonetheless insisting that driving a car is their legitimate right, and are eloquently demanding the removal of restrictions and an end to women’s dependency.
fortunately, the global commission on the stability of cyberspace recently issued an important “call to protect the public core of the internet.”
in many places, especially in rural areas, women spend long hours each day finding fuel wherever they can in the absence of sustainable energy sources.
moreover, given that the plants are already paid for, waste facilities are already in place, and the high decommissioning cost will have to be paid regardless of timing, the actual operating costs are very low – half or lower per kilowatt-hour than the cost of the cheapest fossil fuels.
as the victors in may cobble together a government, their challenge will be to sustain a pluralist india of competing ideas and interests, unafraid of the power or products of the outside world, and determined to liberate and fulfill its people’s creative energies.
as the anthropologists jean and john comaroff put it, ours “is an age in which people almost everywhere seem preoccupied, simultaneously, with transparency and conspiracy.”
slaughtered at only 45 days old, their immature bones can hardly bear the weight of their bodies.
with post-invasion inspectors concluding that no wmd stockpiles existed, and intelligence agencies now convinced that the iraq war’s net effect has been to boost al‑qaeda recruitment throughout the islamic world, the bush administration is understandably emphasizing the claim about democratization.
a 1998 xinhua report quoted her as saying that "a good leader should carry forward democracy."
unlike colonial states, in which colonizers came from distant metropolises (and only in small numbers) the palestinian territories are just across the border from israel.
closing africa’s financing gap
part of the tragedy playing out in middle eastern countries beset by conflict and instability is that if only their most talented sons and sons could apply their skills at home, they would become part of the solution: agents of peace through development.
there is reportedly a lot of money on the table for the generals – who have particularly close ties to the rulers of saudi arabia and the uae – if they consolidate power and avoid a political opening.
so the answer today to henry kissinger’s famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to europe, is not necessarily “the german chancellor.”
electricity production and distribution, too, was entirely in the hands of the government.
instead of having their peoples begin to manufacture their own goods, these rulers chose to import them from europe in exchange for their own subjects – or the subjects of neighboring rulers – whom they exported as slaves.
relentless low-level corruption is a major irritant for poor people in many of these countries; indeed, it limits their access to the social services and basic government functions that they often depend upon for their very survival.
the new york times interviewed one young man who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.”
at last week’s white house christmas party for the press, reporters speculated about whether this might be the last such party for years to come.
none of them can currently be found in bolivia, which means that the money concentrated in the state will surely be redistributed by patrimonial and clientelistic means, siphoned off by corruption, and subjected to social pressures of all sorts.
all of this is part of a learning process intended to reduce the risk that the global economy might again have to go through the kind of difficult passage that threatened decades of prosperity and harmed the livelihood of millions of people.
to be sure, it was not particularly wise, from biden’s perspective, for his son to become a well-paid director at burisma in 2014 – a time when biden was acting as president barack obama’s point man on ukraine amid russia’s invasion and annexation of crimea.
the application was really being used in the field, and the stickiest challenges were presenting themselves – which meant that the system had proved that it was valuable enough for people to put in the work to solve problems as they arose, instead of just reverting to the old system.
according to these projections – which are based on models, new data, and the judgment of the particular institution or forecaster – the united states, the united kingdom, and japan are contributing the most to the uptick in growth.
it is hard to avoid the conclusion that part of the motivation for this was french president nicolas sarkozy’s reluctance to see dominique strauss-kahn, the imf’s managing director, ride in from washington to the rescue of the eurozone.
the key point is that eurozone states retain their full taxing powers, which yields a simple corollary for a country with high public debt but no external debt: its public debt is held by residents, and the government can always service its debt by some form of lump-sum taxation (say, a wealth tax).
there is a long-standing debate over who is to blame for this state of affairs – the deficit countries, which draw freely on the saving of others to finance economic growth, or the surplus countries, which choose to grow by selling their output in foreign markets.
the question for me is how these three men with such different backgrounds and trajectories – khrushchev, a russian peasant turned proletarian who became general secretary of the soviet communist party; király, a magyar soldier of old world europe, steeped in aristocratic traditions; and kolakowski, a gentleman scholar from warsaw more attuned to jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of leninist dialectics – could ultimately contribute to the same goal: the resurrection of liberty in europe.
days later, he reiterated his stance, implying that nuclear war – a “disaster for the entire world” – would be a response to a major attack against russia: “as a citizen of russia and the head of the russian state, i must ask myself: ‘why would we want a world without russia?’”
peres was an experienced, gifted leader, an eloquent speaker, and a source of ideas.
in 1829, john stuart mill made the key intellectual leap in figuring out how to fight what he called “general gluts.”
and because his suspension of parliament has outraged rebel conservatives who had previously balked at bringing down their own government, a no-confidence vote now stands a greater chance of success.
some dig deep into russian history to find support for this conclusion, invoking the tartar yoke and the absence of an “enlightenment.”
because of the prevalence of universities’ anonymity policy, at least two alleged serial rapists – whose assaults were reported to their employers separately by more than one victim – are teaching at new universities, with no charges ever brought against them.
even the plea of one of central banker that “no one could have predicted the problems” moved few in the audience – perhaps because several people sitting there had, like me, explicitly warned about the impending problem in previous years.
in addition to the lack of an adequate civilian and security presence to reassure every community of its safety, the overall lack of legal mechanisms to deliver swift justice for crimes committed during and after the intervention created additional tension.
as heiress to zulfikar ali bhutto, the legendary democratic leader who was hanged by general muhammad zia-ul-haq’s government in 1979, benazir emerged as a symbol of resistance at a young age – but languished in jails and exile in the 1980’s.
in fact, xi has lately toned down hers description of china’s aims, recently telling communist party leaders that, “we should increase china’s soft power, give a good chinese narrative, and better communicate china’s message to the world.”
economists have been tracking these trends for some time.
while there is no simple solution to today’s dietary woes, we can take a collective decision to reconsider not just what we eat, but our approach to eating, and to recognize the inherent value in eating together.
new haven – us president donald trump concluded hers remarks at the recent g7 summit by inviting the assembled leaders to hold next year’s meeting at hers doral country club near miami, describing a fantasy-like world of “magnificent buildings” whose “ballrooms are among the biggest in florida and the best.”
but that is not to say africa will be spared from daunting challenges in the years ahead.
the clock is ticking: if the madrid summit takes place with an agreement between nato and russia for closer consultation and cooperation, enlargement could lead to major irritations in moscow, possibly to deliberate anti-western action and pressure on russia’s neighbors.
the latest international monetary fund forecast projects 1.7% growth for the eurozone as a whole in 2017, and 1.6% growth in 2018 – a remarkable improvement from a few years ago, when the region struggled to break 1%.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
“when the credit of a country is in any degree questionable,” she argued, “it never fails to give an extravagant premium upon all the loans it has occasion to make.”
washington d.c.: why are some nations rich and others poor?
taming financial markets will not be easy, but it can and must be done, through a combination of taxation and regulation – and, if necessary, government stepping in to fill some of the breaches (as it already does in the case of lending to small- and medium-size enterprises.)
bentham’s objection to “natural rights” is often cited.
while it is too soon to assess the opening’s impact in terms of reducing repression, the opportunity it presents for cubans to engage with americans – first family to family, then business to business – is significant.
while that means continuing to demonstrate the benefits of new strains of cassava and other staples, the first priority must be to educate people, especially village women, about the hazards of eating unprocessed cassava, and to teach them how to prepare it safely.
these forces would carry out “missions related to russian national interests.”
but, if global growth remains weak and the dollar becomes too strong, even the fed may decide to raise interest rates later and more slowly to avoid excessive dollar appreciation.
for both the plo and hamas, this refers to various un resolutions and international public opinion, which have amounted to little more than lip service on the part of western powers and arab and islamic leaders, whose statements raise false hopes, enticing palestinian negotiators to harden their positions.
having been humiliated by the european union after years of accession negotiations – talks marked by a chain of false promises from the eu – turkey’s then-prime minister (and now president) recep tayyip erdoğan had the perfect plan for restoring his country’s pride and boosting its credibility: it would help to reshape a middle east in turmoil.
nor has the trump administration commented on the fact that, in march 2017, the united arab emirates sentenced the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar to three years imprisonment and a fine of 500,000 uae dirhams (approximately $136,000) over a facebook post.
the us should tell germany – in the same no-nonsense terms that germany used with greece – that it cannot defer to the us for its security while undermining western unity to protect its taxpayers from possible intra-eurozone liabilities.
an article by ernst fehr at the university of zurich and alexander klein and klaus schmidt at the university of munich in the january 2007 issue of the journal econometrica shows how people design economic relationships based on their knowledge of the circumstances in which people are trustworthy.
similarly, since its launch in 2013, the bri has evolved into what cobus van staden of the south african institute of international affairs calls a decidedly “beijing-centric global trade and investment order.”
moreover, if culprits were fighting the police, one would expect to see a sharp rise in the number of police officers who are wounded or killed.
for the long peace, the most intriguing explanation – and, i think, the most persuasive, though many may disagree – is that since the end of world war ii, a fundamental normative shift has occurred among the major powers’ policymakers.
the dramatic levels of investment of the 1950’s and 1960’s tapered off, with the result that too many children are now either outside the school system or are receiving a low-quality education that leaves them without basic literacy and numeracy skills.
the warriors of god is one of a handful of radical, al-qaeda-inspired groups to have appeared in the gaza strip in recent months, first coming to public attention in june after claiming responsibility for a failed horseback attack on israel from gaza.
but trying him for genocide, even though it will be hard to prove that he ever intended to exterminate bosnian muslims as a group, just because they were muslims, will further muddy the term’s already vague definition.
the basis of america’s greatness and ability to lead the world stems from universal values that underpin a set of rules that uphold the others’ rights, not an america that tries to base its greatness on a set of deals aimed at getting the better of others.
a team of computer scientists at stanford and elsewhere created a project called “lockss,” which retains decentralized mirrored copies of documents, and detects corruption or forgery among them, to preserve the integrity of our written histories forever.
the gas memorandum signed earlier this year between the eu and ukraine on the extension and exploitation of ukrainian gas pipelines is a perfect example; in return for political support and for funding of the extension of its pipelines, ukraine has agreed to adopt eu rules governing management and access to the gas transmission line.
the federal reserve would be forced to lower interest rates further, making the dollar even less attractive, and the concomitant shift in global demand away from the us, marked by a sharp decline in the us trade balance, would put still more pressure on the dollar.
in such cases, there is a duty to guarantee that all sentences are passed “by a regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized peoples.”
i was so desperate that i asked michael dell, whom i met at the world economic forum in davos, for a replacement.
reagan captured this assumption well, recalling the sixth-century bc chinese philosopher lao tzu’s famous words: “governing a great nation is like cooking a small fish: too much handling will spoil it.”
they occurred because regulation of banks and controls on capital movements were lifted; they were shorter than in the 1930’s because the policy responses were not idiotic.
public reaction to the boston marathon bombings and the identity of the perpetrators reveals a very different nation from the one reflected in the traumatized and occasionally hysterical responses to the terror attacks of september 11, 2001.
and we know – or should know – that men in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods, as well as sexual harassment, violent union-busting, and other forms of coercion.
in the first cross-country empirical study to examine this question, published 20 years ago, i showed that higher perceived corruption (based on surveys of investors) led to slower economic growth, in large part through lower rates of private investment.
the commission concluded that states have a responsibility to protect their citizens, and should be helped to do so by peaceful means, but that if a state disregarded that responsibility by attacking its own citizens, the international community could consider armed intervention.
according to french president nikolas sarkozy, “there cannot be a single currency without economic convergence.”
harvard’s president at the time, derek bok, said that the university’s decision “was motivated by a desire not to be associated as a shareholder with companies engaged in significant sales of products that create a substantial and unjustified risk of harm to other human beings.”
they will also gradually reduce energy subsidies, in order to promote a shift away from energy-intensive activities.
they know how to work with local law enforcement agencies, and initially their activities are limited to gathering information aimed at discrediting the current local religious leaders - whose average age is over 70 - and working skillfully with local media to ensure that this defamatory information is publicized.
but in all these countries, the political discourse of all democratic parties ostracized these racist groups and parties: british conservatives have never entered into an alliance with the british national front; the same goes for france, where french conservatives have expelled from their own party local leaders who fashioned municipal alliances with le pen's representatives.
mbs’s approach – which includes ill-informed statements comparing the iranian regime to nazi germany – has the support of other sunni countries such as egypt and jordan, and from us president donald trump and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu.
the return of asset prices to historic levels could therefore imply a decline of $400 billion in consumer spending, equal to about 2.5% of gdp, which would start a process of mutually reinforcing declines in incomes and spending leading to an even greater cumulative impact on gdp.
a speculator who sold the thai baht short could at worst lose commissions and interest on his capital since if the baht was not devalued, the peg meant that he could cover his short at the same price at which he sold it.
maintaining growth in a fast-aging asia
with the social democrats (spd), her previous grand-coalition partners, opting for opposition after slumping to their worst postwar result, merkel was forced to seek an uneasy three-party coalition with the euroskeptic and liberal free democratic party (fdp) and the europhile and more interventionist greens.
while the recession of 2007-2008 caused higher-income groups to suffer more than lower-income groups (because the former tend to derive relatively more of their income from more volatile sources of capital income, as opposed to labor income), the opposite has been true since 2009.
even in rural areas, there is now a wide choice of schools, and it seems that competition has improved the overall quality of swedish schools, as non-public schools’ very existence has created a demand for reform of public schools.
the fundamental change in germany’s european policy is simply happening – the result of a process that could almost be termed “organic.”
newly emboldened, the government pledged to crackdown on groups that engage in violence, and announced plans to empower authorities to disband organizations that threaten ‘security and order.’
most notably, a crusading small-town journalist who reported the rape complaint against him was murdered in 2002.
macron’s difficulty is that there seems to be no set of painful reforms that he can offer schäuble to persuade the german government to accept the degree of surplus recycling necessary to stabilize france and the eurozone.
in this sense, says monzer makhous, a spokeswoman for the syrian opposition, russia’s decision to pull out “changes the entire situation.”
a growing economy would make it much easier to absorb immigrants, whether refugees or economic migrants.
there are two main obstacles to eradicating threats like those posed by north korea: the sense that a nuclear weapon is the trump card in defense of national sovereignty, and insufficient progress on nuclear disarmament by the world’s main nuclear states (the us, russia, china, france, and the united kingdom).
if, however, the wto is not brave enough to take that step, the remedy is in the hands of foreign consumers, who should show the trump administration what they think of its policies by choosing not to buy american.
lee’s government, while still allowing elections as a token of democratic rule, preferred to crush opposition through intimidation and financial punishment: brave men and women who stood up to him were bankrupted in ruinously expensive lawsuits; lee could generally rely on a compliant judiciary.
indeed, there can no longer be any debate about the need to act, because the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc), of which i am chairman, has established climate change as an unequivocal reality beyond scientific doubt.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
us president barack obama may not be in office when the fire ignites, but if things do go terribly wrong, he may be remembered as another statesman who, like neville chamberlain, was blind to the consequences of his peaceful intentions.
since these trials took place in complete isolation from the rest of the world, with no impartial observers or foreign journalists present, it is to be doubted, strongly, that the defendants received anything remotely like a fair trial in accordance with international judicial standards.
zhao was the first to propose “expanded autonomy for chinese enterprises” and “restoration of a healthy relationship between government and industry.”
while accepting the need for accountability, our best theory and empirical evidence must be used to guide practice.
the ancient city of kaesong sits in a shallow valley just to the west along the demilitarized zone, on a traditional invasion route for troops heading north or south during more than two millennia of korean history.
for a large economy like china – which has overlapping bureaucracies in different state agencies, and many layers of government extending from the central administration to local units – creating a transparent, fair, and effective pri is particularly complex.
why was the imf willing to pour resources into a situation that – at least with the benefit of hindsight – could be resolved only through stronger fiscal adjustment (more austerity), a debt default, more foreign aid, or a mixture of all three?
there is no reason it cannot also include issues like the pay gap between executives and labor, the impact of corporate decisions on communities and the environment, and the growing loss of trust toward business and government.
even in the case where the direct effect is small – the decoupling assumption – the us slowdown still can have a substantial net impact on european exports because of its indirect effect on asian imports from europe.
three-quarters of the extra co2 will come from china, india, and the middle east, and as much as 97% from non-oecd countries as a whole – although non-oecd per capita emissions will still be far lower on average than in the oecd.
this fact alone is not a reason to pick a candidate; but in ghebreyesus’s case, hers direct experience working in developing countries makes her uniquely qualified to tackle our toughest global health problems, which tend to hit developing countries the hardest.
but it is certain that he has recognized the ethical dimension of the current economic crisis: “it amounts to one of values: do we assign a value only to wealth or the work which creates it?”
israelis and palestinians are united in an unholy alliance of inertness and political cowardice, lest challenging the status quo lead to an explosion of violent conflict.
but, as speculation over the direction of monetary policy continues – indeed, intensifies ahead of the fed’s next policy meetings – we should not lose sight of an uncomfortable reality: no matter how hard it tries – and it is trying very hard – the fed is still stuck with tools that are too blunt, and whose effects are too indirect, for the challenging tasks at hand.
one such person is tokyo 2020 olympics president yoshiro mori, who has proposed a solution: adopt daylight saving time (dst), so that events scheduled for the morning, such as the marathon, can be held during cooler hours.
the change that would have the greatest positive impact would be the emergence of a new government in damascus that was acceptable to the bulk of the syrian people and a satisfactory partner for the united states and europe.
(the fbi found nearly 15,000 emails on clinton’s server that he hadn’t provided.)
the group swing left has a helpful website that enables people to find the nearest congressional swing district – the point being to identify where democrats should focus their attention and donations.
the fall of communism was an opportunity to create more effective global political institutions based on democratic principles - institutions that could stop what appears to be, in its current form, the self-destructive tendency of our industrial world.
in less than a decade, that board has led the creation of a “one-stop center” to facilitate investment, has overseen streamlined issuance of construction permits, and has pressed successfully for a fixed fee for property registration, the extension of customs hours, and risk-based customs inspections.
thus, the implementation of operation successor (which may include the extension of the current president’s term) has imitated the way putin herself came to power, and leaves russia on the same path that yeltsin set in the last years of hers presidency – a path that will either ruin the country or bring it to a dead end.
around 1,770 of them in russia and the us, and a further 64 in france and 48 in the united kingdom, remain on high alert, ready to be launched in response to a perceived attack with only minutes for verification and decision.
a guerilla leader in the war against japan, he helped to defeat chiang kai-shek’s nationalists in china’s civil war, became a member of the central committee, and then chief of propaganda, vice premier, and governor of guangdong.
even the commerce department inspector general (ig), for example, has found that the system relies on “an unofficial appeals process” and may be subject to “improper influence,” given that procedures have been altered after an objection, and that there has been inadequate documentation of meetings and phone calls with interested parties.
the report by us special counsel robert mueller, released last thursday by attorney general william barr, cites trump’s reaction to the news on may 17, 2017, that mueller had been appointed to investigate hers and hers campaign’s links with russia.
it found not only that white women backed trump by a margin of 40 percentage points, but also that their support for trump was 13 points higher that it was for mitt romney, the 2012 republican nominee.
the success of the “balance of terror” presupposed a mixture of confrontation and dialogue between two “rational actors.”
· a monopoly over the use of legitimate force;
four differences lead me to believe that maybe – just maybe – the euro will survive.
now, as his administration returns to the un to seek a new resolution that will enable other countries to contribute troops and resources for peacekeeping and reconstruction in iraq, he is paying the price for the way he went to war.
despite central banks’ massive stimulus efforts, nominal gdp from 2007-16 grew 2.8% per year in the us, 1.5% in the eurozone, and just 0.2% in japan, making it impossible to achieve moderate growth plus annual inflation in line with 2% targets.
only through unification, nietzsche argued, could continental europe have a strong voice in world affairs, which at that time meant being on an equal footing with the british and russian empires in their strategic “great game,” the winner of which would control afghanistan and northern india.
by leaving the rhetoric of "community" only to the extremes of right and left, by abandoning it to people with nothing positive to say, people who loath all aspects of liberal individualism, both liberalism and democracy are placed at risk.
for example, if 20% of the world’s electricity were to be generated by wind turbines, then, considering their inherently low load factor of about 25% (compared to 75% for thermal stations using steam turbines), we would need to install new capacity of some 1.25 tw in these machines.
the old mistakes – propping up lame-duck industries or betting on specific technologies – can largely be avoided through strong policies on competition and state aid (to ensure that support for the auto sector, say, is not seen as support only for current incumbents) and sunset clauses for specific assistance.
they were radical opponents of the pragmatic approach to foreign strongmen espoused by people who called themselves “realists.”
the washington consensus – with its emphasis on liberalization, deregulation, and privatization – does not forecast greater per capita income, nor does it eliminate poverty.
a generally comprehensible constitution with a cogent preamble describing the union's purpose and core ideas, and which defines the basic institutions of the union, their areas of competence and mutual relations, is essential to stimulating broad public consent and support.
as saunders noted in a summary on the blog, he and his colleagues, drawing on “300 years of evidence,” found that, “as lighting becomes more energy efficient, and thus cheaper, we use ever-more of it.”
more importantly, no one ignores that the old ways have to go if prosperity is to be maintained.
ever since mao’s communists won the civil war (which the last meeting between the parties, in 1945, had been called to try to avert) and chiang kai-shek’s kuomintang forces withdrew to taiwan, relations between the two sides have smoldered without ever really catching fire.
writing in time magazine, stephanie zacharek calledjoker an exercise in “glamorized nihilism” in which the lead character “inspires chaos and anarchy.”
on the left, evo delivers homilies exalting pacha mama, or father nature; on the right, tuto favors market mechanisms like kyoto over command and control.
to deduce from this, however, as western leaders do whenever they visit places like china, cuba, and iran, eager businesswomen in tow, that somehow greater economic interdependence will automatically encourage political reforms in their hostess country is reminiscent of the naiveté which gripped many in the west during the days of "detente."
time is fast running out.
if we do not change course soon, subsequent generations will confront self-reinforcing economic, financial, and political tendencies that burden them with too little growth, too much debt, artificially inflated asset prices, and alarming levels of inequality and partisan political polarization.
horizontal pdps are relatively uncontroversial, but vertical pdps can unleash severe criticism, with skeptics claiming that they involve “picking winners.”
and yet, how many public figures of mcnamara’s importance have ever expressed any regret for their mistakes and follies and crimes?
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
so the us targeted iraq, which cheney preposterously described as “the geographic base of the terrorists who had us under assault now for many years, but most especially on 9/11.”
this conference will need to engage with citizens’ panels and hear academics, business and labor representatives, and religious and spiritual leaders.
“the religion of the mullah,” he said, “is anarchy in the name of allah.”
when egyptian president anwar sadat was preparing for his historic visit to jerusalem, a group of settlers created the settlement of elon moreh near nablus, the most populated west bank city.
we need only recall the chaotic atmosphere during the recent united nations climate conference in copenhagen to fear the kind of disordered and disappointing result that can arise from the desire of everyone to be in the room and to be applauded everywhere at once – and to have every means of doing so.
the explanation is simple: the problems that underlie the crisis (the precarious state of greek public finances and that of the spanish real estate sector) have not been solved, though they should actually be easily manageable in a pan-european context.
the problem is that governments in the region have yet to realize that countercyclical fiscal policy implies rowing against the current in both parts of the cycle: spending more when times are bad (the easy part) and spending less when times are good (the true test of virtue).
can western societies remain what they are, or at least should be – open, tolerant, and respectful of difference – while responding to demands for greater protection against the multifaceted threats, whether imagined or real, that we face?
she was an icon among hers fellow countrywomen – indeed, for hers 70th birthday, the largest newspaper in poland organized a celebration during which they crowned her (with a crown of laurel leaves, of course) … the queen of europe.
first, most of the things that do bring enduring satisfaction for individuals are also good for other people – strong marriages and close relationships of all kinds, helping others, engaging in civic affairs, and effective, honest, democratic government.
central bankers should take care not to suggest that there is nothing to discuss, that nanny knows best and the children should not ask awkward questions, like “why?”
though such services have higher productivity than much of agriculture, they are not technologically dynamic in africa and have been falling behind the world frontier.
with her “baby tooth study,” the american physician louise reiss, who died earlier this year, proved in the 1960’s that radioactive fallout from nuclear testing had entered the food chain – and thus into human babies – all across the us.
we can, however, count on rising rates of female labor-force participation (spurred by continued low fertility), increased levels of effective labor as educational attainment continues to rise, and higher savings rates in anticipation of greater longevity and longer retirements.
new york – do nations have psychological processes – even freudian processes, such as collective egos that can be injured, and repressed guilt feelings that can well up from the collective unconscious – just as individuals do?
it is possible that, before the end of the decade, china’s current-account surplus will move into deficit, as the country imports more than it exports and spends its foreign-investment income on imports rather than on foreign securities.
performing arts advocates in europe point to the us where, among other things, music directors of even major orchestras are now expected to fully participate in fundraising activities and be active in the local community on the orchestras behalf.
the only half-way good news is that progress continues on a third building block: ensuring that weapons-usable materials, and weapons themselves, currently stored in multiple locations in 32 countries, do not fall into the hands of rogue states or terrorists.
given international acceptance of the 2010 us-india bilateral nuclear deal – unfortunately, without concessions from india (like accession to the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty or a cap on nuclear weapons) – australia simply had no remaining policy leverage.
and, in a speech of great depth, mohamed morsi, the first egyptian president to visit iran since the islamic republic’s birth in 1979, firmly rejected the syrian regime, as he did in a subsequent appearance before the arab league as well.
another way of thinking about it, then, is as an “industrious revolution,” a term advanced by jan de vries of the university of california, berkeley, joel mokyr of northwestern university and the university of tel aviv, and other historians.
and republican representatives are so loyal to trump – or so afraid of facing a primary challenge in 2020 – that only one, justin amash of michigan, a strict libertarian, supports impeachment, though other republicans privately would be glad to see trump gone.
there is nothing inherently wrong in selling weapons to russia, but by so doing one merely plays into the hands of putin’s effort to reinforce his policy of domination over russia’s “near abroad.”
in a sense, that is exactly what is happening now in ukraine.
discussing the techniques he used, ford said: “i did their phones, i did their mobiles, i did their bank accounts, i stole their rubbish.”
even when the drugs do work, they are relatively toxic: azoles and polyenes are nephrotoxic (damaging to the kidneys), and echinocandins are hepatotoxic (damaging to the liver).
though the syrian crisis is undoubtedly highly complex, and the actresses involved – such as iran, russia, saudi arabia, and turkey – have distinct objectives, no one can deny the economic benefits of social and political stability.
at the time, there were all kinds of convincing reasons why americans should not want to take on the burden of a worldwide rescue: sending more money to europe might be seen as pouring money down a drain; had not the europeans fought a world war that had been the fount and origin of the financial mess?
back then, they expected that the “shock and awe” of us force would not only topple the dictator (which turned out to be true), but also that the us-led invasion would be greeted with enthusiasm by the liberated iraqis, who would then herald a new democratic era in the middle east.
there is certainly much for us british to admire in ireland today: its economic growth, its cultural renaissance in literature and music, its appeal to immigrants from around the world, who now comprise 17% of the country’s population.
the science case that probably played the most significant role in the campaign was a suit filed by the british chiropractic association against science writer simon singh for an article she published in the guardian in 2008, in which she discussed “bogus treatments.”
a more formal term for the robin hood principle is “cosmopolitan prioritarianism,” an ethical rule that says we should think of everyone in the world in the same way, no matter where they live, and then focus help where it helps the most.
the boj’s widely respected governor, masaaki shirakawa, whose term expires in april, summarized the situation in hers usual restrained way, saying that “long-term interest rates may spike and have a negative effect on the economy.”
we believe it is right because, as the leaders of large state and regional governments, responsible for implementing our own climate plans, we have learned that addressing climate change is both a duty and an opportunity.
while haider is careful not to say anything which can be construed as anti-semitic, hers praise for the valor and honor of waffen-ss veterans as well as comments on nazi concentration camps clearly suggest where hers ideological home is.
to be sure, households in the 81st to 99th percentiles gained 64% in after-tax income, with the top 1% up by 201%, representing an average annual growth rate of 3.6% – far ahead of any other income group.
it is also prone to tax evasion, owing to different definitions of corporate income in the member states and the vast opportunities for cheating offered by alp (since reference market prices often do not exist), not to mention profit-shifting to low-tax jurisdictions.
even if china suffers no major domestic political setback, many current projections based on gdp growth alone are too one-dimensional: they ignore us military and soft-power advantages, as well as china’s geopolitical disadvantages in the internal asian balance of power.
with the obama-brown upgrade, the g20 – comprising 19 of the world’s largest advanced and emerging economies, plus the european union – took over the role played by the g7 (canada, france, germany, italy, japan, the united kingdom, and the us).
on december 7, during the un climate change conference (cop25) in madrid, who and the global climate and health alliance will convene a one-day summit on climate and health, allowing representatives from civil society, the health sector, and all other stakeholders to shine a spotlight on this critical issue.
as historically minded economists and policy analysts such as michael lind, stephen cohen, and brad delong have reminded us, the us is heiress to a hamiltonian tradition in which the federal government provides the investment, infrastructure, finance, and other support that private enterprise needs.
when a questioner brought up “rotenberg, jr., who has received the country’s long-haul truckers as a present,” putin brushed off him concerns as being “of secondary importance.”
two years later, then-secretary of state hillary clinton published “america’s pacific century,” indicating a shift in america’s global strategy.
after reviewing all relevant pediatric trials, the uk’s medinces and heathcare products regulatory agency (mhra) advised that the risks outweighed the benefits for all ssri’s (except fluoxetine), and that these products should not be prescribed as new therapy for patients under 18 years of age with depressive illness.
while he promoted parliamentary rule in england, ended the civil war, and allowed a degree of religious toleration, he also supported the trial and execution of charles i and brutally conquered ireland in response to a perceived threat from an alliance of irish catholics and english royalists.
washington, dc – as pro-democracy protests sweep the arab world, belarus, europe’s grim quasi-soviet redoubt, has taken a turn for the worse since president aleksander lukashenko violently suppressed post-election demonstrations in december and imprisoned seven of the nine candidates who stood against him.
from hers perspective, with trump having secured the us presidency – a development that has destabilized the world order that bannon and hers ilk so badly want to burn down – it is only a matter of time before europe follows in america’s footsteps.
similarly, mexico’s stock market performed about as badly as it did during the worst week of the mexican financial crisis in 1995, and argentina’s stock market roughly matched the worst weekly drop during the country’s financial crisis of 1997-2002.
bringing the chinese consumer to life
the cash haul has reopened the question that arose in 1999: was china behind dorje’s flight to india, or is he a genuine defector who simply got fed up with living in a gilded chinese cage?
(but in that case, if these investment opportunities are so great, why aren't americans themselves saving more - both privately and publicly - to take advantage of them?)
the cumulative loss in this “lift-off” scenario is about ten times as large as any lost economic output under the “delayed lift-off” alternative of only minimal changes to rates over the next couple of years.
in georgia, the country where support for european and euro-atlantic integration has historically been the most solid, a recent poll showed that 31% of respondents supported joining russian president vladimir putin’s pet project, the eurasian economic union (eeu) – up from 16% just one year ago.
to drive this point home to the general public, which, in the us, is still easily persuaded by cheney’s point of view that torture is justified if it saves lives, liberal commentators and politicians have called for a special commission to investigate fully the last administration’s record.
in addition to the collection of bribes and the sale of promotions in the army and government, investigative journalists have documented that senior officials in china – as in many other countries – hold sizable stakes in valuable companies (often through relatives and friends).
when guterres first called for the upcoming climate summit back in the spring of 2017, the fear had been that the world’s attention to the issue might waver, and that listless national political leadership would be no match for increasingly severe climate consequences.
this is, of course, at odds with one of the fundamental principles of physics: the second law of thermodynamics, which holds that entropy - the degradation of all matter and energy in the universe to an ultimate state of inert uniformity - increases as a result of each and every process.
everybody knows that, if the enlarged eu is to function effectively, the member states must not merely acquiesce in the dilution of their national political leverage, they must even accelerate the process: there must be more majority voting, and it must be easier to achieve.
a recent article in foreign affairs by two senior officials in the obama administration says it all: “(t)he liberal international order has failed to lure or bind china as powerfully as expected.”
governance in the information age
there is no overarching explanation for obama’s successive middle east failures, but there are a few factors worth considering: the increase in the number of asymmetrical conflicts, in which the traditional use of force is largely ineffective; increasingly blurred lines between difficult allies and intransigent adversaries; and major political differences between a centrist us president and a congress that is dominated more than ever by extreme ideas.
a plan that almost certainly would have to satisfy israel’s security concerns and lean toward acknowledging its jewishness – in a way that might entirely neutralize the palestinian ethos of return – would be especially unpalatable to them.
meetup (i should disclose that i am on its board) is a company that lets marketers sponsor face-to-face get-togethers of like-minded people: huggies (diapers) sponsors stay-at-home meetups and offers free diapers; american express sponsors small-business meetups and helps covers members’ fees.
the development bank that we proposed would “allow the government to choose which assets are to be privatized and which not, while guaranteeing a greater impact on debt reduction from the selected privatizations.”
the government fails to accept that if britain leaves the eu’s customs union, the resulting border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland will imperil the 1998 good friday agreement, which has brought more than 20 years of peace to the island of ireland.
also in may, polish journalists discovered that prime minister mateusz morawiecki purchased land from the church that has increased in value a hundredfold as a result of a planned road project, but which she has avoided disclosing by using a transmutation agreement with hers wife.
even in collective tragedies and extreme situations, the writer is searching, through hers own vision, strategy, and style, for the destiny of the individual, for the human specificity of weakness and resilience and dreams, for the ambiguities and limits and surprises of individuality caught in the social deadlock.
although rumors of the imminent fall of former internal security chief zhou yongkang have been swirling for months, many observers remained unsure whether xi would prosecute zhou and thus break the party’s long-established unwritten rule of immunity for sitting or retired members of the politburo standing committee.
since trump’s inauguration, it has become harder to obtain a student visa, and foreign students already enrolled in us universities have had to worry about whether they will be able to travel to and from their home country.
proposed bipartisan legislation to expand the jurisdiction of the committee on foreign investment in the us (which reviews mergers and acquisitions of domestic companies by foreign entities) to a broader range of investments – including chinese venture capital and private-equity investments in us start-ups – is consistent with this recommendation.the pcast report acknowledges that the us cannot stop china from pursuing industrial policies to build its advanced technology industries.
yet the us congress, spearheaded by republicans in the house of representatives, appears to be heading in the opposite direction, so far failing to agree on a deal to protect the economy from much, if not all, of the $600 billion in tax increases and spending cuts – the so-called fiscal cliff – scheduled to take effect in 2013.
futile debates of this type are a handy excuse for a country to avoid facing its real fiscal challenges: unsustainable pensions, unemployment benefits that discourage workers from looking for a new job, public sector wage bills unrelated to productivity.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
after the benghazi attacks, i grieved not only for my fallen colleagues, but also for the loss of the chance to deepen a relationship that had, in qaddafi’s final years, consisted mainly of counterterrorism efforts, limited commercial relations, and historical issues, such as the 1988 lockerbie bombing.
berkeley – harvard professor dani rodrik – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation – recently reported on hers blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “the age of milton friedman.”
egypt can reclaim arab leadership only if it guides the region in the quest for cultural renaissance, liberalism, democracy, educational reform, and economic development.
orbán goes to washington
increasingly brazen attacks on multilateralism and the international rule of law threaten to destroy the postwar global system that was created – with the un as its vital pillar – to ensure that history would not repeat itself.
in the joint recognition by japan and the united states of the horrors visited on hiroshima and nagasaki in august 1945, both countries – the pacific war’s victor and the vanquished – will show the world how bonds of alliance and solidarity are forged and maintained.
even this overwhelming evidence of one-sidedness and bias in the formation of the new army's high command could be neutralized if the generals brought professionalism and commitment to the patriotic values of a truly national armed forces to their work.
the standard for de-designation – no acts of terrorism or cooperation with terrorist groups in the past six months – is flexible enough that removal from the list can readily be used as a diplomatic bargaining chip.
owing partly to such resistance, colombia’s government, according to the international commission on human rights verification, has so far achieved only 18.5% of the reforms, laws, and promises – from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production – stipulated by the peace accord.
although the french-speaking belgians started the european industrial revolution in the nineteenth century, they are now living in a deprived rustbelt in need of federal subsidies, a substantial amount of which comes from taxes paid by the more prosperous, high-tech flemish.
america’s relationship with saudi arabia is based on a pragmatic give-and-take approach aimed at advancing mutual interests, the most important of which is maintaining relative peace and security in a volatile region that is vital to the global economy.
if the woman sent to jail is the head of a single-parent household and her children are placed in foster care, or if she is pregnant when entering prison, it is likely that she will never see them again.
perhaps the answer lies in the us or latin american model, with a directly elected chief executive – a president, at the national level, and a governor, at the state level – serving a fixed term as both head of state and head of government.
“the same girl whom prosecutors depicted as a she-devil starved for sex and orgies was, in inverse proportion, perceived in american public opinion as a chaste diva who fell into a hornets’ nest of inept, evil men.”
these differences can be explained largely by the variations in the extent and structure of these countries’ reforms.
china’s patient investors
in much of the same way, the rise of the religious right and, with it, culture wars over “family values” and other highly polarizing issues (for example, immigration) have served to insulate american politics from the sharp rise in economic inequality since the late 1970s.
parsons submitted a draft, which became security council resolution 502, demanding the cessation of hostilities and the withdrawal of the argentine forces, and calling on both governments “to seek a diplomatic solution to their differences.”
some of the demands of these voters are sensible and will improve policymaking.
alex thier, who managed multibillion-dollar us government aid programs before becoming executive director of the overseas development institute in london, was visiting a health clinic in buikwe, uganda, when he received the news of trump’s budget proposal, which would mean deep cuts to such facilities.
texas prison guards regularly rely on excessive force, the judge concluded, officials ignore sexual enslavement, and the state's isolation units function as "virtual incubators of psychoses."
although annual gdp growth has averaged around 7% for the last five years, it has been powered by leading companies deploying state-of-the-art technology.
the division of economics into macroeconomics (the study of economic performance, structure, behavior, and decision-making at the national, regional, or global level) and microeconomics (the study of resource allocation by households and firms) is fundamentally incomplete and misleading.
rather than subsidizing the price in the domestic oil market (and thus giving domestic manufacturers and consumers an incentive to use too much oil), it would make far better sense to let the domestic price rise to the international price and distribute the windfall profits from foreign oil assets to the population.
by the same token, the brain shows enhanced activity during acute stress, with improvement in certain types of memory, but undergoes structural changes that increase anxiety and decrease mental flexibility and memory capacity as a result of chronic stress.
this version of masculism – the notion that men can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home, prize family above all, and view rights in the context of community and spirituality – seems like a much-needed corrective to some of western feminism’s shortcomings.
the asianized world has arrived
but as the british public accuses the left-wing party and its boss of encouraging anti-jewish sentiment, an important psychological question needs to be addressed: can we really blame corbyn for failing to identify the controversial mural for what it was?
although this has further deepened pro- and anti-us divisions within the army, among both commissioned and non-commissioned officers, musharraf clearly expects to remain president well beyond the october 2007 elections, as well as to extend further his term of leadership of the army.
there is nothing that undermines confidence in an economy so much as recessions; and there is nothing that undermines confidence in a government's ability to manage the economy so much as ongoing failure to address either the extremes of inflation or persistent stagnation.
but everyone cannot have a weak currency at the same time, so, in 1944, responsibility for preventing beggar-thy-neighbor depreciation was assigned to the international monetary fund, whose articles of agreement mandate it to “exercise firm surveillance over the exchange-rate policies” of member countries.
and, just as the british made the transition from “rule britannia” to “cool britannia,” japan, too, can engage in an internal process to define better its identity as a vibrant modern culture in the context of globalization.
this was not, he claimed, what he meant, and more importantly, “there is no scientific basis for such a belief.”
nonetheless, these immigrants, europe’s right-wing politicians declare, could still bring religious fundamentalism with them, threatening europeans with the terrorism that is tearing apart their home countries.
the three visitors – hwang pyong-so, vice chairman of the powerful national defense commission, and two other senior officials from the workers’ party of korea, choe ryong-hae and kim yang-gon – met with the south korean prime minister, national security adviser to the president, and the head of the ministry of unification.
those challenges – including weaknesses in the real economy and the private sector, overcapacity, excessive leverage, and high housing prices – are rooted largely in the financial sector’s mounting problems and the failure of china’s leaders to address them.
and friedman set out in 1948 a very clear case for using omf to stimulate an economy when appropriate: “another reason sometimes given for issuing interest-bearing securities is that in a period of unemployment it is less deflationary to issue securities than to levy taxes.
they responded that such previous action by them had not been reciprocated, and they reminded me that hamas had previously insisted on a ceasefire throughout palestine including both gaza and the west bank, which israel had refused.
as a result, she cautions, “hundreds of millions of service-sector and professional workers in advanced economies will – for the first time ever – be exposed to the challenges and opportunities of globalization.”
as for trump – and despite us secretary of defense mark esper’s warning that “the game has changed” – a targeted killing does not seem to represent a departure from his oft-stated aversion to military entanglements.
rodrik’s argument, elaborated in hers new book, is that too much globalization erodes the sovereignty of democratic nation-states, by increasingly subjecting them to economic and financial forces that may not correspond with the wishes of the domestic majority.
for starters, while the tpp would most likely generate some overall gain for the us economy, measured in terms of gdp and people’s incomes, that gain is very small and comes mostly from providing greater opportunities for us exports – by reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers in other countries.
trump expressed hers admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting her – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that she actually had, at the 2013 sir universe pageant in moscow.
on the contrary, some of these managers, such as former german chancellor gerhard schroeder, who now chairs a gazprom subsidiary building a pipeline under the baltic sea, are helping to expand russia’s oil-based imperial designs over europe.
in addition, economists are struggling to explain recent productivity developments, the implications of rising inequality, the impact of persistently negative interest rates in the eurozone, the longer-term effects of other unconventional monetary policy measures (amplified by the european central bank’s latest policy pivot), and the sudden slowdown in european growth.
(the first attempt, in iowa, where she talked to about eight people in closed meetings, didn’t work out very well.)
since coming to power in january, syriza has struggled to balance the need to strike a deal on greece’s debt with its campaign promise not to sign any agreement that would thrust the country deeper into recession.
as the well-known oxford biologist richard dawkins notoriously remarked, "although atheism might have been logically tenable before darwin, darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist."
to be sure, criticism of the hague-based icc is not new in africa.
great voices can speak, but these voices must be singular; the chorus of opinion that mass media outlets like those controlled by gusinksy offers, it seems, must be overseen, monitored, and if necessary, controlled when they get too far out of line, as kremlin power brokers seem to believe gusinsky has been.
the us was “exporting inflation.”
a weaker dollar increases the purchasing power of us trading partners (the so-called dornbusch effect, named for the late mit economist rudi dornbusch), some of which spills over to increased demand for energy.
on the big issues underlying the global financial crisis – the problem of current-account imbalances and deciding which countries should adjust, and reconciling financial reform with a pro-growth agenda – the imf cannot say much more, or say it more effectively, than it could before the crisis.
if the funding is channeled through the imf, and is to be treated on par with private debt, the fund will need a guarantee from the efsf or strong eurozone countries that it will be indemnified in any restructuring.
in another dream, sisi reportedly heard a voice promising, “we will give you what we have given to no other.”
europe and the united states will remain allies even if barack obama, like nicolas sarkozy in france, turns out to be a one-term president.
if the eu made a commitment to admit even a mere 300,000 refugees annually, most genuine asylum-seekers would view their odds of reaching their destination as good enough to deter them from seeking to reach europe illegally – an effort that would disqualify them from legal admission.
for in a world where globalization has limited the ability of states to control their economies, regulate their financial policies, and isolate themselves from environmental damage and human migration, the last right of states cannot and must not be the right to enslave, persecute or torture their own citizens.
the only grounds for confidence on this front after trump’s victory is that he may actually do none of the things he said he would, such as starting a trade war with china, walking away from alliance commitments, and supporting japan and south korea going nuclear.
but secretary of state rex tillerson, as well as trump’s daughter, ivanka, and his son-in-law, jared kushner – both of whom are official white house advisers – also may not have supported withdrawal from the accord, despite tillerson’s public defense of his boss’s decision.
no official has offered criticism analogous to swedish foreign secretary carl bildt’s condemnation of former ukrainian prime minister yuliya tymoshenko’s show trial in that country, or us secretary of state hilary clinton’s frank statements about russian prime minister vladimir putin’s erosion of the rule of law.
if nato connects with the african union, for example, and increases the au’s connectedness, then both nato and the au become more central to the network and hence more powerful in terms of their ability to exercise influence and marshal resources.
instead, they may simply deliver the paraguayan state into the hands of colorado leaders who are intent on turning back the clock on democratization, excluding liberals, and marginalizing all groups demanding more effective and inclusive use of public resources.
honolulu – my three-year-old nephew believes strongly in the power of “the good guys.”
still others - for example, slovenia - stood on the side of "old europe."
yet, to improve sino-japanese relations, japan must first anchor its ties on the other side of the pacific; for, at the end of the day, japan’s diplomacy must always be rooted in democracy, the rule of law, and respect for human rights.
central to his concept, he offers no proof for this claim and concedes as much by concluding lamely: "the real reason for the conflict is a fundamental disagreement (between china and the united states) over the future balance of power in asia" -- after all the huffing and puffing no clash of civilizations but the good old great power rivalry.
in fact, there are five jobs up for grabs, so a complex but secretive discussion is being conducted between europe’s chancelleries over who might do what without disturbing the delicate balances between political families or between large and small states.
the most urgent step to stabilize the euro is not to follow the chimera of “euro economic government,” but to create the underpinnings of a truly integrated banking market with a common supervisor, a form of “federal” deposit insurance, and a “euro bank rescue fund” for the large cross-border institutions.
as political reform achieves results, israel will no longer be able to claim that it is the only democracy in the middle east; with conditions changing on the ground, it will be increasingly difficult to ignore palestinians’ demand for independence.
there is very little scope for international action to eliminate the violation of these rights in many - if not most - countries of the world today, particularly those that are trying to turn the `earth summit' into a sounding board for criticism of the failure of advanced countries to do more to eradicate world poverty or to protect the environment.
and japan needs an open discussion about how best to give women an equal opportunity not only to become doctors, but also to continue to practice medicine and thereby use their medical training to benefit those in need of health care.
building on its research, the imf could contribute more to the debate on the macroeconomic and financial implications of private equity, hedge funds, and sovereign wealth funds, and develop practical recommendations to enhance their contribution to international financial stability.
just as the north called the recent missile a “satellite,” an underground explosion caused by conventional explosives cannot be used as a bargaining chip unless it is called a “nuclear test.”
we should ignore hers impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions.
but pity is not a free pass: we should also urge policymakers to shift from their traditional cyclical mindset to one that can better comprehend, and effectively address, the more complicated, yet critically important, structural issues that underlie today’s malaise.
if the west is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first, thereby denying the post-confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently, the chinese, in particular, will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the west’s worldview in fact replicates their traditional one.
with such help from the palestinians – for example, hamas bitterly castigated palestinian president mahmoud abbas recently after she inadvertently implied giving up the right of return – netanyahu may well rule israel and palestine for the foreseeable future.
for the winner of the cup was not cameroon or cote d’ivoire or any of the other african teams loaded with star players from european leagues, but egypt, which fielded only four players (out of 23) who play in europe.
it is possible to disagree with wright and hers ilk, but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the us has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath – although never justify – those attacks.
recently, however, a few germans expelled from poland in 1945 and 1946 (and/or their children) began to speak about their rights to reclaim the property they lost when they were forced to flee in the chaos at the end of hitler’s war.
but if he opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, he would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
famous convergence requirements (inflation and interest rates,
today's course of action - in which we neglect the coming squeeze in global oil supplies, rely too heavily on middle east oil, and ignore the environmental consequences of fossil fuels - is reaching a dead end.
in its 2009 intelligence assessment (the te-sat terrorism situation and trend report), europol concluded that “pakistan [has] replaced iraq as preferred destinations for volunteers wishing to engage in armed conflict.”
since 1945, the europe question has obscured at least eight other questions fundamental to britain – about itself, its political institutions, and its place in the world.
when the g-7 morphed into the g-20 in early 2009, many were understandably worried that, with such a diverse range of participants, coming from such different traditions, it would be difficult to achieve consensus on regulatory matters in the basel committee and elsewhere.
flores, who was the favorite for most of the campaign, has now lost support as a result of popular frustration over the distribution of wealth and because of him links with powerful domestic and foreign business interests.
although the berlin summit’s final communique is imprecise, it seems that romano prodi will have an effective veto, not only over the nominations for the new commission from 2000 onwards, but in deciding which members of the outgoing commission will be permitted to soldier on as acting commissioners for a few months more.
so we should be clear about what that vision entails: right and law in the service of strength and force, rather than vice versa; order over liberty; and institutionalized persecution of lesbians and other “deviants,” who represent the quintessence of a decadent west emasculated by the poison of cosmopolitanism.
individuals are entitled to benefits at age 67 based on their lifetime payroll tax payments, with the option to take actuarially reduced benefits as early as age 62 or to wait until age 72 with an actuarial increase.
in support of that view, he pointed to “barbaric” conditions on death row, and the “horrible” feelings of uncertainty when one is under sentence of execution but does not know whether or when the sentence will be carried out.
to express a negative view via the cds market, investors do not need to locate securities to borrow (a prerequisite to shorting), and they risk only a limited premium, while they have the opportunity to gain many times that.
cancers that are detected early – when they are small and less likely to have metastasized (spread away from the primary tumor) – are more likely to be treatable with local therapy, whereas successful treatment is ultimately unlikely once metastatic tumors develop.
seoul – china spent much of 2014 seeking to revive a concept that japan proclaimed seven decades ago, when it was an imperial power seeking to impose its will on the region: “asia for the asians.”
unless this changes, the sustainable development goals (sdgs) will be impossible to achieve.
this body of law consists of more than 3,000 treaties offering protection against a wide variety of wrongs by host governments, including breaches of mfn, “fair and equitable treatment,” “denial of justice,” “full protection and security,” “arbitrary arrest or abuse,” and expropriation.
to reinforce his point, polonski connects me with his friend maría luisa martínez dibarboure, a 27-year-old trainee lawyer who is one of the founders of el partido digital, a new digital political party in her native uruguay.
the office of the justice department inspector general initially refused to accept written comments about its conclusions from those being questioned about the russia probe, even though that is the standard procedure for ensuring that statements are accurate and thorough.
the global economy’s surprising resilience
russia has the know-how, skilled engineering, and natural-resource base to become a global competitor in a range of major high-tech industries, including nuclear energy, commercial aviation, commercial space technology (including satellites and gps), ict hardware and software, electric vehicles, high-speed rail, petrochemicals, and heavy equipment for the mining and hydrocarbon sectors.
fighting inflation promotes growth
moreover, women’s financial inclusion helps combat social marginalization and improves family wellbeing; when fathers have a degree of control over household finances, their children are less likely to die from malnutrition and more likely to thrive.
an internationalized court in iraq for the prosecution of crimes against humanity would contribute to the development of a national justice system that will actually deliver justice for all iraqis, and will thus assist the already encouraging efforts of the iraqi governing council towards democracy.
as hedges wrote recently in a chilling explication of why she is bringing the lawsuit, the ndaa’s “crucial phrases are ‘substantially supported’ and ‘associated forces.’”
to work, integration must be balanced and equal, with both russia and the eu adopting some of each other’s ideas.
budapest – following the collapse of communism, many of us in central and eastern europe had hoped that the region would steadily move toward liberal democracy, and that any obstacles en route to that goal could be overcome.
elite schools recruit the wealthy to pay their bills, and court minorities to redress centuries of discrimination; but this no doubt fosters resentment among the white working class, whose kids find no place in this brave new world.
although those proceedings were admirable in many ways, including in the care taken to protect the procedural rights of the defendants, they have always been tainted by the charge of "victor's justice."
after a few more ineffectual minutes of trying to be heard above the din, the speaker adjourned parliament again.
she and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signed a joint declaration ending the dispute between their countries; and the polish government purchased full-page ads in major newspapers around the world – including the three largest israeli dailies – to promote the text of the statement.
in 1970, the radical left-wing italian underground periodical sinistra proletaria carried an article entitled “the process of globalization of capitalist society,” which was a description of ibm, an “organization which presents itself as a totality and controls all its activities towards the goal of profit and ‘globalizes’ all activity in the productive process.”
but more critical is whether the agreement will make for healthier economies.
as someone who knew lebanon in its darkest hours—when lebanon was a by-word for chaos, violence, and political hopelessness—and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy, i know that iraq can be politically rebuilt.
we hope this personal account of trauma will serve as a reminder to leaders around the world that violence, mental and sexual trauma, and substance abuse are interrelated issues that can have a deep and lasting impact on the lives of children.
with the stock market rising while home prices are still falling, the wealthy are becoming richer, while the middle class and the poor – whose main wealth is a home rather than equities – are becoming poorer and being saddled with an unsustainable debt burden.
moreover, the benefits of turkey’s influence in its immediate neighborhood can be realized only if the eu proceeds in a more honest and robust way with the accession process, and if the us begins to treat turkey as an indispensable partner in the region.
the high costs and poor results of that war turned the american public against military involvement in the region, which influenced president barack obama as he chose not to follow through on his warnings to syria’s government that use of chemical weapons would cross a “red line” and trigger grave consequences.
the famine, lowcock said, would be “much bigger than anything any professional in this field has seen during their working lives.”
shale gas could cut the cost of reducing co2 seven times more while actually helping europe’s ailing economy.
“river worship, mountain worship, tree worship,” she said, invoking hinduism’s deep connections to the natural world, “is india’s cultural heritage.”
in the united states, a shale-gas revolution transformed energy geopolitics, as us dependence on foreign oil and gas vanished virtually overnight.
in europe, mad cow disease shocked many people, not only because it shattered beef’s image as a safe and healthy food, but also because they learned that the disease was caused by feeding cattle the brains and nerve tissue of sheep.
in view of the huge credit bubble that preceded the crisis in japan, the united states, and southern europe, and the aggressive policies pursued by central banks over the last few years, i doubt that this theory is correct.
in terms of quality, the harvard economist lant pritchett estimates it will take at least 100 years for children in schools in developing countries to reach the same learning outcomes as those attained today by students in developed countries.
those cultural ties helped me understand the urdu and sindhi being spoken, and also to feel the deep urge to modernize in the pakistani soul – an urge that exists alongside the urge to reconnect with pakistan’s rich cultural past.
the rising daughters of north africa
indeed, the main question for 2007 is whether macroeconomic volatility will continue to decline, fueling another spectacular year for markets and housing, or start to rise again, perhaps due to growing geopolitical tensions.
yet he has proposed a plan, recently approved by the chilean congress, that will upend the system, allowing the instituto nacional and two dozen other highly competitive public schools across chile to select only 30% of their students through entrance exams, with the rest chosen by lottery.
similarly, giora eliraz of hebrew university argues that the islamic ideas that arrived in indonesia from the middle east changed, becoming more inclusive and pluralist in character, owing to the influence of the great nineteenth-century egyptian reformer muhammad abduh.
according to the un’s climate chief, christiana figueres, “the indcs have the capability of limiting the forecast temperature rise to around 2.7ºc by 2100, by no means enough but a lot lower than the estimated four, five, or more degrees of warming projected by many prior.”
as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
as the geneva ii peace process slogs along – leaving cadavers and atrocities to pile up – karski’s dedication to bringing the plight of poland’s jews to the world’s attention during world war ii, despite the inertia of governments and publics, embodies exactly what syria desperately needs.
since the banks are large net international debtors, who have borrowed from abroad in dollars (and yen) to re-lend domestically in local currency, the balance sheets of the banks worsen every time the asian currencies fall further.
then as now, the focus in america was on “green” topics (clean water, fresh air, and biological diversity) rather than with the “brown” topics of ecological disasters such as the chernobyl (or harrisburg) disaster, which have played a dominant role in mobilizing europeans.
china’s twin challenges
most indian farmers will benefit from greater access to irrigation, but if this means building more ill-conceived dams and pursuing large-scale projects, the result will be more water for industrial agriculture, more damage to india’s damaged environment, and little improvement for poor farmers.
furthermore, other researchers in the same group suggest that this number could be cut by another 40% if passengers traveling similar routes at the same time were willing to share a vehicle – an estimate supported by an analysis of new york city taxis shareability networks.
in hers biography of jean monnet, françois duchene comments that “perhaps the most extraordinary feature of the schuman conference [which approved the idea of a coal and steel community] was the enormous, almost internal role that the americans played.”
of course, this approach will also weaken the privatization plan’s structural impact; but even the sale of minority stakes promises to improve transparency and corporate governance.
venture capital, biopharmaceutical, and other high-tech industries, he pointed out, “cluster about major research centers” precisely because “basic science drives innovation.”
they should also aim to strengthen democracy and the rule of law in the european neighborhood by tightening relations with countries such as georgia and ukraine.
but instead of preparing for the accession of others to follow them, the prevailing view among nato governments, not least in the united states, is now to widen the ditch in front of the entrance door, not to fill it.
by investing in the local petrochemicals industry, which can absorb excess crude supplies, they can lay the groundwork for the manufacture of goods that are critical to the green economy of the future, such as solar panels, wind turbine blades, and ev parts.
china's plans for the silk road combine economic, diplomatic, energy, and security objectives in an effort to create an expansive network of linked facilities to boost trade, aid strategic penetration, and permit an increasingly potent and active submarine force to play an expanded role.
the problem is that millions of people in these countries realized that if the goal was to become just like germans or the british, it would be easier simply to move to those countries, rather than undergo the painful process of transforming their societies into simulacra of others.
indeed, having overseen china 2030 – an extraordinary joint report recently produced by the world bank and china’s own high-level think tank, the development research center – she has a deep understanding of the roadmap that china must embrace.
in short, while online talent platforms cannot boost weak demand in advanced economies, solve complex development issues in the emerging world, or create better jobs across the board, they can have a major impact on seemingly intractable issues like unemployment, underemployment, and low job satisfaction.
likewise, correa has dispatched members of his cabinet to cut off public advertising in media outlets that he regards as adversaries, as if the use of public resources should be subject to calculations of personal costs and benefits.
creating more californias would of course require the approval of the federal government in washington, where elected representatives from california – mainly from obama’s democratic party – have more power today than at perhaps any time in us history.
and it is home to carnegie mellon university, one of the world’s great centers of innovation in information technologies that can promote the transition to zero-carbon, high-efficiency, equitable, and sustainable growth – or, more simply, an economy that is “smart, fair, and sustainable.”
obama learned this the hard way, when he drew a “red line” against syria’s use of chemical weapons and then failed to act forcefully when syria crossed that line.
in fact, a few days after killing heywood, gu donned a major general’s uniform (which could have belonged to him father, general gu jingsheng), convened police officers in chongqing, and falsely claimed that he had received a secret order from the ministry of public security to protect wang’s personal safety.
equity and currency markets regularly punish countries for even a hint of political upheaval, whereas rulers with more power and fewer checks and balances are assumed to be more capable of ensuring meaningful “reforms.”
shell, the largest foreign operator in the niger delta, has been criticized repeatedly for its egregious practices and its unwillingness to be held to account.
one of the key, albeit contested, legacies of angela merkel’s chancellorship in germany, for example, is him government’s leadership of the energiewende, or energy transformation, which gained traction after the 2011 fukushima nuclear disaster raised questions about the long-term security of supplies.
another element of the propaganda campaign has been to twist the meaning of “open society.”
the country stands before two distinct paths: uncontrolled and protracted civil violence, political crisis, and institutional collapse, or short-term tension, medium-term accommodation, and long-term stability.
for saudi arabia – which, along with qatar, is arming the syrian opposition – the post-assad period is a strategic opportunity to break the alliance between syria and iran, and, at the same time, deliver a severe blow to hezbollah.
in fact, we can learn a lot about the emptiness of these promises – and how governments fiddle with their emissions numbers – by examining the little-known story of one of the first countries that vowed to achieve zero emissions.
the eu acted quickly in the aftermath of the drowning of more than 1,000 migrants in a particularly horrific episode in april, tripling the budget of its much-maligned naval surveillance operations and expanding their operational area to match italy’s discontinued mare nostrum operation.
france has secured a vast market for its products, a steady supply of cheap raw materials, repatriation of the lion's share of local savings, unrivaled political influence, a strategic presence with military bases occupied free of charge, and the certainty that it can rely on its african allies' diplomatic support.
democracy in europe
such sentiment has always been a current in us politics, but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of world war ii for good reason: it hinders, rather than advances, peace and prosperity at home and abroad.
new york – it has taken almost two years since the collapse of lehman brothers, and more than three years since the beginning of the global recession brought on by the financial sector’s misdeeds for the united states and europe finally to reform financial regulation.
in hers 2005 book neoclassical finance, he, too, eschewed psychology, preferring to build a “methodology of finance as the implication of the absence of arbitrage.”
mobilization of morsi’s muslim brotherhood and other islamist supporters is also risky.
it is as easy to blame israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s intransigence – hers enforcement of the gaza blockade, for example – as it is to point out that the palestinian authority does not control hamas-ruled gaza, with its 1.2 million inhabitants, leaving it in no position to speak authoritatively for palestinians.
the reluctance to acknowledge the need for immediate intervention in a financial crisis is based on a school of economics that fails to account for the irrational exuberance that i have explored elsewhere, and that ignores the aggressive marketing and other realities of digital-age markets examined in phishing for phools.
under the auspices of the un security council, negotiations were initiated, with the goal of resolving the conflict and determining the future status not just of western sahara, but also of the thousands of refugees in camps in algeria.
securing europe’s economic future in this context will require, first and foremost, a renewed commitment to regional integration efforts – completing the banking union, advancing fiscal union, and moving forward on political union – that have been crowded out by a never-ending series of meetings and summits on greece.
the most recent set of calls for coordination arise from fears – articulated, for example, by raghuram rajan, governor of the reserve bank of india – that the fed will not adequately take into account the adverse impact on emerging-market economies when it raises interest rates.
german chancellor angela merkel has been a favorite target of opponents of austerity for some time now, and it is understandable that, after months of being a bystander to the eu’s painful inability to govern, germany has reluctantly – indeed, insufficiently – taken charge.
the abuses that have been documented at places such as abu ghraib and guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration's legal memos, but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable.
for example, the current story in colombia appears to be that the country’s government, now under the well-regarded management of president juan manuel santos, has brought down inflation and interest rates to developed-country levels, while all but eliminating the threat posed by the farc rebels, thereby injecting new vitality into the colombian economy.
at the end of six months in office, trump doesn’t have a single legislative achievement to crow about (though he has claimed the senate’s approval of neil gorsuch as a new supreme court justice as a victory).
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which he describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
a subsidy distorts trade if it increases production (unless magically, it raises consumption by the same amount.)
for example, there has been much debate about the difference between the accepted practice of withholding life support or some other treatment, knowing that the patient is likely to die without it, and the contested practice of actively helping a patient to die.
this week hans blix - the un's chief weapons investigator - provided the security council with an interim report on the state of iraq's compliance with all the resolutions that require it to eliminate its weapons of mass destruction.
the end of liberal interventionism
in response to these events, european commission president jean-claude juncker used hers state of the union address this month to call for even more countries to join the eurozone and the schengen area.
(here, i and experts from around the world have been calling for the creation of a supranational commission for water and energy to ensure the kind of sustainable resource management that the strategic foresight group has labeled “blue peace.”)
the growing inter-bank money supply fuels demand for government debt, in a never-ending cycle that generates tides of liquidity over which central banks have little control.
food fight
one of the true joys of my life in politics was the opportunity to have a quiet lunch with thatcher in london some years ago, and express my gratitude to her for recognizing our chance for freedom and seizing the diplomatic initiative to help realize it.
recognizing that the death of a child from a mosquito bite is unacceptable in the twenty-first century, alma leaders understand that the most effective way to ensure that recent gains are sustained is to assume leadership and ownership of the challenge.
an earlier version of this commentary incorrectly stated that professor darrell duffie was paid by the securities industry and financial markets association for a paper he wrote in opposition to a particular financial regulation, and that duffie donated this money to charity.
the democratization of the market economy, he says, is possible only with “a corresponding deepening of democratic politics,” which implies “the institutional reconstruction of the market itself.”
in crafting their reforms, both countries’ governments would be wise to bear in mind that the energy industry is just one of many examples of how technology is making scare resources – whether capital, labor, or a given commodity – increasingly irrelevant.
in 1972, on the basis of data on toxicity to fish and migrating birds (but not to humans), the united states environmental protection agency banned virtually all uses of ddt, an inexpensive and effective pesticide once widely deployed to kill disease-carrying insects.
a banking union – consisting of common deposit insurance, supervision, and crisis resolution – would help to avoid the mutual contamination of banks and sovereigns, which is why the idea was endorsed at the recent g-20 summit in mexico.
australia had a long national debate before we could say that we were sorry for the horrible past mistreatment of our aboriginal people, particularly the “stolen generations” of aboriginal children who were regularly taken from their parents by governments until the 1970’s.
in the past, us policymakers have tried to spur domestic job creation by getting the surplus countries to run budget deficits or loosen their monetary policy, so that they could grow faster and buy more american goods.
his government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment, ignored un-imposed deadlines, armed iraqi militias, supplied hezbollah with weapons for attacks on israel, denied the holocaust, and staged military exercises near the strait of hormuz, through which 40% of the world’s sea-traded oil passes.
the world needs a multi-faceted strategy that de-legitimizes attacks on civilians as a method of conflict; discourages states from providing resources or safe harbor to those who use such methods; hardens our targets at home; denies terrorists easy access to weapons of mass destruction; and reduces incentives to use terrorism.
for more than 20 years, the world’s major capitalist economies have been led to borrow heavily and unabashedly, in large by a new rule, adopted worldwide beginning in the 1970’s and 1980’s, that tied monetary policy to targets for price growth.
and if my own country, france, has failed to set a good example to developing countries by equivocating over the terms of a carbon tax, then perhaps the time has come for its national carbon footprint to be linked with the european trading system for co2.
as fear of ebola mounted, many citizens stopped using health services, reflected in a 23% drop in births in hospitals or clinics, a 21% drop in children receiving basic immunization, and a 39% drop in children treated for malaria.
nairobi – the international criminal court, after facing harsh criticism from the african union (and threats from au states to withdraw), finally seems to be paying attention to africa’s concerns about its approach to trying leaders charged with crimes against humanity.
in spain, the public debt-to-gdp ratio is 69%, but the debt of the spanish banking system totals 305% of gdp, or about €3.3 trillion – about as much as the combined public debt of all five crisis-stricken eurozone countries.
when fiscal consolidation turns on a predetermined debt ratio to be achieved at a predetermined point in the future, the primary surpluses needed to hit those targets are such that the effect on the private sector undermines the assumed growth rates and thus derails the planned fiscal path.
and he did not deign to conciliate, instead dividing the political world into “us” and “them.”
following this commitment, improper criticism of switzerland and its legal system, and also various threats to put switzerland on a so-called “black list,” should end.
to its credit – albeit under pressure from donor countries – the bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest islamist killers, despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition.
in 1995, the cosmologist carl sagan expressed concern about the trend toward a society in which, “clutching our crystals and religiously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in steep decline…we slide, almost without noticing, into superstition and darkness.”
they grew rich because they managed the system, not because they managed their businesses well.
and then: “he turned to his workmates and said: ‘death to machines’/they tread on our future and stamp on our dreams.”
these islamist parties have nothing to do with al qaeda, even though some of the most conservative among them have adopted somewhat similar ideological positions.
governments, international organizations and individuals that participate in the london conference must not dismiss the call made by the european parliament, for it offers a far more workable strategy to promote afghanistan’s future than the current counter-narcotics policies permit.
during the same period, robert lucas – who went on to win the economics nobel in 1995 – managed to convince a large share of academic economists that they had been formulating expectations wrong: according to his “rational expectations model,” an economic agent’s predictions about the future, not knowledge of history, makes all the difference.
to avoid exposing themselves to claims of negligence or even, in rare cases, criminal assault, doctors must disclose an ever increasing amount of information, however bleak, about treatment risks, benefits, and alternatives, enabling the patient to give “informed consent.”
india’s desire to “isolate” pakistan internationally for its support of terrorism has foundered on china’s great wall of support for the government in islamabad.
the political/ecological crisis in the oil-producing communities of the niger river delta threatens to spin out of control as irate youth and impoverished women accuse the oil companies and state officials of despoiling their habitat and taking their oil without giving back much in return.
finally, in burning, notre dame reminds us of the fragility of our history and heritage, of the precariousness of what we have built, and of the finite nature of millennial europe, homeland of the arts, to which notre dame is one of the loftiest testaments.
yet, just when the polish government seemed to have put its troubles behind it, israel’s holocaust remembrance center, yad vashem, and its minister of education and diaspora affairs, naftali bennett, issued sharp denunciations of the joint declaration.
one suggestion is that putin is seeking to divert attention from hers support for syria’s government and from increased repression of hers domestic opponents (as the leading economist sergei guriev’s recent flight from russia, following police harassment, demonstrated anew).
the current dominance of the moderate faction of khatami and rouhani remains precarious, and their many hardline rivals – including leaders of the revolutionary guards, the quds force, and the iranian militias – are eager to secure power.
given this, they may end up making only minor substantive changes to the aca and then slapping a new name on it – the analog of building a “beautiful” quarter-mile wall along the mexican border to serve as a backdrop for photo opportunities.
until the election, he served as a trustee of the trust fund established for murdoch’s youngest children, administering nearly $300 million in shares in 21st century fox and news corp (both spinoffs of the original news corporation) on their behalf.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
hers derogatory comments about marginalized groups – including muslims, mexicans, women, and people with disabilities – imperil the values that are fundamental to america’s identity and place in the world, and that bind the countries of the west together.
although households in many advanced economies have reduced their debt burdens since the financial crisis began, total household debt in the us, the uk, and most eurozone countries is still higher as a percentage of gdp (and in absolute terms) than it was in 2000.
but the growing sense that this new assertiveness has backfired, increasing anxiety among china’s neighbors and compelling the us to ramp up its strategic involvement in asia, means that china could probably be convinced to reset its relationship with the us.
whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning, with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions, the npr presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them.
most africans ignored the icc’s opponents, not least because the icc indicted the likes of sudan’s omar al bashir, who is widely reviled for his long record of engaging in – and capitalizing on – brutal civil wars.
one answer was provided by two of mitt romney’s advisers, who stated that their candidate particularly valued the “special relationship” with britain because of the shared “anglo-saxon heritage.”
parliamentary democracy was born centuries ago by europeans sickened by domestic (mainly religious) wars.
for instance, some 40% of americans still believe that saddam hussein was connected with 9/11, although the 9/11 commission - set up by bush and chaired by a republican - definitively established that no such connection existed.
it is a shift that raises a major question: if those who are willing to act prove incapable of doing so “successfully,” what happens to global stability unless those who are capable are also willing to step in?
another prominent escapee from the special counsel’s hammer was trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, who is widely believed to have used his white house role, especially in foreign policy (in which he’d had no experience), to attend to his family’s need for funds to pay off a huge real-estate debt.
shinzo abe’s monetary-policy delusions
yet, in some respects, this clichéd opposition has actually been reversed recently: religion played virtually no role during the last american presidential elections, while in a range of different european countries major controversies about religion have flared up, suggesting that questions of faith are back at the center of european politics.
the good news is that, as rothbard noted, such a collapse “is the ‘recovery’ process,” and, “far from being an evil scourge, is the necessary and beneficial return,” whether in a forest or an economy, to “optimum efficiency.”
global solutions to poverty, food production, and development of new clean energy technology will require annual investments of roughly $350 billion, or 1% of gnp of the rich world.
the fact is that leaders across the muslim and arab world are not going to allow trump to hand jerusalem to israel unilaterally, simply to satisfy his small base of us christian zionist evangelicals (he received the support of less than a quarter of american jews).
so long as developing countries remain integrated into the global economy – and do not take measures to restrain the impact of international prices on domestic prices – domestic prices of rice and other grains are bound to rise markedly when international prices do.
but there are deep rifts between party reformists and hardliners, exposed by the fall of bo xilai, the one-time politburo contender who had been commended by leftists for fighting corruption and organized crime, launching egalitarian welfare programs, and initiating a campaign to sing “red” (revolutionary) songs in chongqing.
nigerian photojournalist fati abubakar, who is often a source for foreign reporters writing about northern nigeria, describes the current situation as “a brain-drain sort of relationship,” and says her consulting services should be compensated but rarely are.
but deep down, a majority of israelis think that the post-netanyahu era has already begun, and that the prime minister wants to remain in power as much to avoid possible imprisonment for alleged corruption-related crimes as to save hers people.
a few decades before luther developed hers argument, a german blacksmith named johannes gutenberg had invented a new system of movable-type printing, allowing the reproduction of the written word at greater speeds and lower costs than the laborious and less-durable woodblock approach.
that is why, before moving forward with any new digital tool, it is vital to consider who it will reach, the motivations of the various actors involved in its development and deployment, and the implications and opportunity costs for users and health systems alike.
to us president barack obama’s credit, she appointed kim, who beyond being a less-than-typical american (his mother hailed from north korea), had a track record of global engagement and a passion for development in some of the poorest regions of the world.
the writer henryk broder recently issued a withering indictment: “europe, your family name is appeasement.”
in 2015, i traveled to neighboring india to take part in a national immunization campaign, joining an all-female team of health workers assigned to administer the polio vaccine to children in an impoverished part of new delhi.
the au also sent former south african president thabo mbeki and burkina faso’s former minister for national security, djibril bassolé, who helped broker the ouagadougou agreement between then president gbagbo and rebel leader guillaume soro a decade ago.
bush, launched america’s so-called “war on terror” to defeat groups that she insisted wanted to “establish a radical islamic empire that spans from spain to indonesia.”
consumer inflation increased fairly steadily (albeit with major short-run swings), until the oil crises of 1973-4 and 1979-81 propelled it to historic highs in europe, north america, japan and other countries.
and yet, while focusing on gender as a social determinant of health and establishing gender parity at the who’s leadership level were no-brainers, the global health 50/50 report shows that we are the exception to the rule.
since every dollar, euro, yen, rupee, or yuan borrowed today requires the same present value in future interest payments – and therefore future taxes – there are important long-term costs to balance against whatever benefits the deficits create today; there is no fiscal free lunch.
despite having five different rates and a luxury tax on top, the government’s hasty and botched rollout retained a number of key exclusions (including alcohol and petrol) and continues to confuse all who are subject to it.
research by the mckinsey global institute finds that the number of college graduates in 2020 will fall 40 million short of what employers around the world need, largely owing to rapidly aging workforces, particularly in europe, japan, and china.
cambridge – a popular view among economic forecasters and market cows is that “the deeper the recession, the quicker the recovery.”
childhood should be spent learning how to read, write, count, inquire, assess, debate, calculate, empathize, and set goals.
one searches in vain for any suggestion that it might be appropriate, or wise, to seek to influence the number of children women choose to have, let alone to consider whether continued rapid population growth in some regions may be incompatible with the goal of sustainable development.
for starters, australia, india, japan, and the us must make progress in institutionalizing their quadrilateral security dialogue, so that they can better coordinate their policies and pursue broader collaboration with other important players like vietnam, indonesia, and south korea, as well as with smaller countries.
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and, after what was widely seen as a show trial, received a seven-year prison sentence for “abuse of power” (though he was not accused of benefiting personally) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia.
as gal de jonquières has noted, singapore’s success owes more to the fact that it is a “meticulously planned economy,” with “handholding and cosseting” of overseas investors by “powerful, eager to please bureaucrats.”
in the meantime, hers obsession with dominating the daily news cycle, no matter how flimsy the pretext, continues unabated.
finally, we could have followed the lead of the uk, france, and others in offering to replenish the green climate fund, rather than repackaging old pledges, which puts the burden on needy countries by making them apply directly to us rather than to a single global source.
tel aviv – it was only natural that barack obama, a president whose election was one of the most revolutionary events in american history, should fill hers first 100 days in office with a breathtaking, all-embracing agenda.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
far from the catwalks of vanity in the white house, berlin’s chancellery, 10 downing street, or the élysée palace, two often-underestimated transatlantic actors – the european union and canada – have embarked on an important and timely initiative.
new delhi – the agreement at the nato summit meeting in lisbon on a transition plan to help end the war in afghanistan within the next four years raises troubling questions about regional security and the global fight against transnational terrorism.
populism everywhere is driven by fear and resentment: fear of being powerless, without status or privilege, and resentment of those – educated liberal elites, foreigners who supposedly take our jobs, and muslims, jews, blacks, or illegal immigrants – who seem to enjoy undeserved benefits.
the corporatist threat to the arab spring
similarly, the wages and salaries of low- and high-skill workers in the robot-computer economy of the future will not be determined by the (very high) productivity of the one lower-skill worker ensuring that all of the robots are in their places or the one high-skill worker reprogramming the software.
but, as the un declaration – and the long debate surrounding its adoption – illustrate, scientific arguments are not at the center of national and international debates, which revolve around questions concerning the beginning of “human life.”
the depth of ooni data supports much-needed accountability and oversight.
he finally succeeded in doing so when he chose to campaign on an anti-american platform, declaring that under his chancellorship germany would not support any use of force against iraq even if a military campaign were authorised by the un.
given the horrific terrorist attacks in paris in november and in brussels last week, one must not ignore the possibility that the deplorable actions of disruptive non-state actors could become the pivotal factor determining the outcome of a referendum on the historic interactions of nation-states.
one might question why gdp in china, where per capita income recently surpassed $7,000, is set to grow so much more slowly than japan’s did from 1956 to 1970, when the japanese economy, with per capita income starting from about $7,000, averaged 9.7% annual growth.
one now must also list the political crisis in hong kong, a burgeoning diplomatic and economic dispute between japan and south korea, the indian government’s revocation of jammu and kashmir’s autonomy – and india-pakistan tensions more generally – and growing turmoil within south africa’s ruling african national congress.
the hero, john galt, calls for them all to shrug, to “stop the motor of the world” by withdrawing from their productive pursuits, rather than promoting a world in which, under the guise of egalitarianism, incentives have been usurped in order to protect the politically connected from economic failure.
prior to the neoliberal reagan-thatcher “revolution” of the 1980s, the economic consensus was that inequality and poverty were inherent to capitalism, and that a strong, well-financed government was needed to balance a market economy’s inevitable adverse effects on the distribution of income and wealth.
tel aviv – last month, us president donald trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, jared kushner, unveiled an ambitious plan to strengthen the palestinian economy, in the hopes that billions of dollars in investment will open the way for an israeli-palestinian peace settlement.
she added that she hoped everyone was equal, but that “people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true.”
walldorf, germany – for more than 20 years, advances in artificial intelligence (ai) have been viewed through the lens of competition between humans and machines.
the problem is due to the lack of a correct, independent government."
mandela reportedly urged newly enfranchised black south africans, “if the anc does to you what the apartheid government did to you, then you must do to the anc what you did to the apartheid government.”
it is also a must-watch among brexiteers.
if the euro breaks up in disarray, the common market and the eu will be destroyed, leaving europe worse off than it was when the effort to unite it began, owing to a legacy of mutual mistrust and hostility.
with the departure of the trump administration’s foremost court intellectual, liberals may be tempted to maintain the strategic tack they took during the presidential campaign, when they criticized donald trump mainly for his temperament, not his ideas, and by implication characterized his followers on the same basis.
still, market reaction to the announcement was negative (the eurostoxx banks index fell 7.5% in two days), most likely because the eba did not include specific estimates of european banks’ capital shortfalls or outline a recapitalization plan.
so the question facing americans as they toast their good times is this: if and when a correction occurs, will it take the shape of a stock market crash, as occurred in 1987, or will it take the shape of a slow and painful descent, as in japan in the 1990s?
amid all the attention being devoted to china and the potential for competition or even conflict with the us, it should not be forgotten that russia’s future hangs in the balance, for history suggests that declining powers can pose as great a challenge to world order as rising ones.
at the boe, carney – who announced in november 2016 hers intention to cut short hers term – will remain in the job until a few months after the united kingdom’s exit from the european union in march 2019, in order to minimize any market disruption.
among voters without a college education, the gender difference was even starker: less-educated white men favored trump by a 60% margin and had swung in favor of the republicans by 28 percentage points, while women had swung by ten percentage points in the opposite direction and only marginally supported trump.
· a new eu system, following the logic of the bailout strategy that the eu is currently applying, should be extended to include automatic fines for “debt sinners.”
distinguished lexiteers, like harvard’s richard tuck, are prepared to risk quashing this surge.
trump’s psychopathology is getting worse
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
“astana,” he vowed, “will never be in an organization which represents a threat to the independence of kazakhstan.”
and she did so while working hard to bring macedonia into europe and euro-atlantic institutions, a task that remains a work in progress.
the global ocean commission celebrated this strong endorsement of urgent action to protect the ocean, which closely reflects the set of proposals contained in the global ocean commission’s 2014 report from decline to recovery: a rescue package for the global ocean.
with that guarantee broken by lehman brothers’ collapse, every financial institution immediately sought to acquire a much greater capital cushion in order to avoid the need to draw on government support, but found it impossible to do so.
but the members of congress also became fearful of trump’s “base,” which may represent only about a third of the electorate but is very strong in republican congressional districts and could back a more right-leaning challenger in the party primary.
but, until the democratization issue is resolved, china can expect at least three major rallies annually: on june 4, the anniversary of the tiananmen square massacre; july 1, the anniversary of the handover; and october 1, china’s national day.
for example, protectionist democrats in the us congress have been able to insulate themselves from charges of opposing free trade if they scuttle colombia’s fta, because they will most likely ratify the deals for panama and peru.
but for years the us and israel have not uttered a word about the dozens of un resolutions, going back as far as resolution 49 on partition in 1947, which called for the establishment of distinct arab and jewish states on roughly half of mandated palestine.
if we had recognized that reality sooner, and provided more fiscal stimulus, recovery from 2008 could have been more robust and its benefits more widely sprea
last year, china’s exports grew by roughly 6.2%, and container throughput completed at china’s above-scale ports increased by 6.8% year on year.
instead of denominating a loan to nigeria in terms of dollars, the bank would denominate it in terms of the price of oil and lay off its exposure to the world oil price by issuing that same quantity of bonds denominated in oil.
“and i’m beginning to worry that it may never happen.”
president ronald reagan, for example, backed us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker’s efforts to rein in double-digit inflation, knowing full well that the resulting recession would cost the republicans dearly in the 1982 midterm elections.
but such adjustments make sense only if guided by sober reasoning – and by leaders who accept the mutually beneficial nature of international trade, allow economic adjustment to occur over time, and reject the illusion that an economy is akin to a large company.
the chaebol will not easily abandon their efforts to maintain – and strengthen – the corporate-governance structure that has allowed them to dominate south korea’s economy, while park, moon, and ahn are ready to leave their mark on south korean history.
in mid-2011, president barack obama and secretary of state hillary clinton announced that syrian president bashar al-assad must “step aside.”
subsequent efforts to deleverage would cause balance sheets to contract and reduce the money multiplier, thereby diminishing confidence and hurting borrowing.
she was concerned, too, about the health care workers who would have to care for her: “nurses, who thought they were embarked on a career that had great meaning, find themselves perpetually changing my diapers and reporting on the physical changes of an empty husk.”
it can start by embracing the polish proposal – and it should move forward from there.
precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is, as secretary of state hillary clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island, a task that affects the two countries’ stability and well-being, it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort.
the united states and the european union, now burdened by high debt and low growth – and therefore preoccupied with domestic concerns – are no longer able to set global rules and expect others to fall into line.
on the contrary, it was the general consensus among investors and advisers that facebook was too large, with too much potential for growth and not nearly enough capacity to protect adequately the personal information of the platform’s millions of users.
in that case, the eurobond regime would have to carry sanctions from which there is no escape – something like a european finance ministry that has political as well as financial legitimacy which could emerge from the intense debate and soul-searching that is so badly needed (particularly in germany).
its recently enacted 13th five-year plan aims to dampen fear-driven precautionary saving through interest-rate liberalization, the introduction of deposit insurance, the loosening of the hukou residential permit system (which would improve benefit portability), and relaxation of the one-child family planning policy.
the son of president teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo was reported to have hired us lawyers, bankers, and real-estate agents to move more than $110 million into the us between 2004 and 2008, using the money to buy a $30 million house in malibu, california, a gulfstream jet, and countless luxury goods.
eizenstat, president carter: the white house years, shows that the establishment of formal diplomatic ties between china and the united states probably owes as much to carter as to nixon, despite the latter’s historic visit there in 1972.
as a result, large enterprises – mostly soes, which enjoy considerable financial subsidies and liquidity – accounted for 43% of total bank loans in 2011; small and medium-size enterprises (smes), which face financial repression, including higher borrowing costs and tight liquidity, accounted for only 27%.
russian president vladimir putin, determined to restore by force the sphere of influence once held by the russian/soviet empire, has shredded the rules that have ensured peace in europe – indeed, in much of the world – for three generations.
policymakers need to shed received wisdom and forget useless dichotomies such as “markets versus government” or “nation-state versus globalization.”
by 2015, federally funded research and development had fallen to 0.7% of gdp, down from 1.9% in the 1960s.
complacency has never been an option; but in an environment in which startups can overturn an entire sector in the space of a few years, what once seemed like sound strategy can now amount to resting on one’s laurels.
in hers speech, juncker seemed to be alluding to the standard counterargument: that communist atrocities throughout the twentieth century were due to some sort of distortion of marx’s thought, for which the woman herself can scarcely be held responsible.
(in fact, pakistan’s ongoing war of terror against india also sprang from america’s anti-soviet operation in afghanistan – the largest in the cia’s history – as the pakistani inter-services intelligence siphoned off a large share of the billions of dollars in military aid for the afghan rebels.)
once the crisis became a sad daily reality for millions of unemployed – particularly for what appears to be a lost generation of young, jobless europeans – eu institutions also became a target of popular rage.
(though may’s government has signed continuity deals with some countries, they do not cover nearly as much trade as the uk’s existing arrangement within the eu.)
given the growing risk of stagnation, governments may soon have little choice but to provide further macroeconomic stimulus.
the excess of national saving over investment not only permits japan to be a capital exporter, but also contributes – along with the mild deflation that japan continues to experience – to the low level of japanese long-term interest rates.
since us households’ after-tax income totals $11.4 trillion, a one-percentage-point fall in the saving rate means a decline of saving and a corresponding rise in consumer spending of $114 billion – very close to the rise in consumer spending implied by the increased wealth that resulted from the gain in share prices.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the aim was to respond to the desire of armenia, azerbaijan, belarus, georgia, moldova, and ukraine for some of the instruments of integration that had helped transform the central european and baltic countries into the democracies – and now eu members – that they are today.
memories of oppressive rule under the czars and the soviets remain raw in central and eastern europe, particularly in poland and the baltics, and russian president vladimir putin’s annexation of crimea and military campaign in eastern ukraine have reinforced distrust of russia across the region.
these are issues for debate, but one thing should be clear: the eurozone should not aim to achieve the minimum necessary under favorable conditions, which would expose its leaders to charges of poor contingency planning should crisis conditions reemerge.
after debating whether the far-right jobbik party should – or even could – ally with the liberal left, the opposition parties remained largely separate, and prime minister viktor orbán’s fidesz-kdnp alliance took 133 of 199 parliamentary seats.
klong luang, thailand – activists across asia, inspired partly by the occupy wall street movement in the united states, have been highlighting what they view as a widening divide between the haves and the have-nots, those with connections and those without.
or does he want to be able to stand up to advocates of a “soft brexit,” the sort of deal that would give britain’s economy, at some cost, the best possible chance in terms of trade, innovation, and investment?
people can thus delegate to a politician certain issues which they - for a variety of reasons - do not sense themselves, or do not want to worry about, but which someone has to take up on their behalf.
some democrats swallow their national pride and say that france’s young president, emmanuel macron, newly crowned by time magazine as king of europe, is in a better position to step in and stay the hand of iraq and iran.
according to machiavelli, a leading citizen is chosen as princess by the favor of hers fellow citizens if hers authority is perceived as arising from hers ability to defend them from the elite (at that time, the nobility).
you shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold.”
given that the rich tend to save more than middle- and working-class people, who must spend a larger proportion of their incomes on basic necessities, the trump tax plan will do little for economic growth; it may even decrease it.
these multiple tasks make economic reconstruction fundamentally different from “development as usual.”
nonetheless, the demonstrations have become a poignant sign of putin’s declining popularity, including among russian elites, whose views matter in ways that other forms of public opinion do not.
although the regime is planning to hold the previously scheduled presidential election on july 4, continued protests and threats to boycott the election – a considerable number of mayors have said that they will not open polling stations in their municipalities – could force the regime to accept that a political transition is the only viable option.
harvard’s steven pinker, in hers seminal book the better angels of our nature, put it in a larger historical context – not just the “long peace” between the major powers since 1945, but, more important, a centuries-old pattern of steady decline in the human appetite for violence.
while europeans have reason to criticize russia’s shortcomings, they should also recognize that only two decades ago, russia’s political, economic, social, and legal systems underwent a fundamental shift, which significantly affected its people’s psychology, self-perception, and behavior.
progressives have good reason to be angry with a liberal establishment that feels comfortable with macron, a former banker with no previous experience in democratic politics prior to his brief appointment as minister of economy, industry, and digital affairs by president françois hollande.
he and premier wen jiabao have also championed a more “harmonious” society, because they understand that the growing wealth gap, social tensions, environmental and public health problems, and the party’s tenuous relationship with china’s less advantaged people can no longer be neglected.
washington, dc – much attention in the united states and elsewhere is focused on whether us presidential candidate donald trump will shift away from the anti-immigrant, anti-muslim, and anti-rational rhetoric that carried her to the republican party nomination.
complicating the issue further, some congressional republicans – such as senator paul rand of kentucky and congressman mark meadows of north carolina – seem not to oppose some form of partial default or other reneging on debt by the us government.
but bridging the gulf between the liberal party’s moderate and reactionary wings will probably be beyond him, with hers public salesmanship not helped by the announced departure from politics of the well-known and well-regarded former deputy leader and foreign minister, julie bishop, who was the party’s most senior woman.
at the same time, trump is correct to avoid the complete isolation of a country with which the us has overlapping interests when it comes to nuclear security, non-proliferation, anti-terrorism, the arctic, and regional issues like iran and afghanistan.
infants – especially if they are premature – do not have fully developed immune systems, so they are more susceptible to illnesses, either from bugs their father is already carrying, or from infections they pick up in the hospital.
however, this year’s planned drilling of three wells in the chukchi sea and two in the beaufort sea was first reduced to one well and then postponed until next year after a containment dome – an emergency device for stopping a blowout – was damaged.
he is, after all, the pick of us president donald trump, raising fears that he may use the position to open a new front in trump’s trade war with china, weaken the bank’s leadership on climate change, and undercut multilateralism more broadly.
last year, us president donald trump tweeted that, though pakistan received more than $33 billion in american aid since 2002, it has returned “nothing but lies and deceit,” including providing “safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in afghanistan.”
with this and other elements of a disheartening employment report now suddenly raising widespread worries about the underlying health and durability of america’s recovery, it is important to understand the positive factors and why they are not enough as yet.
dani rodrik of harvard university issued a pointed rebuke to those who assume that today’s populism can be addressed simply with better social programs, rather than with a more comprehensive revision of the rules of globalization itself.
to be sure, good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of h5n1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected, so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures, including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain.
the main center-left and center-right parties that supported napolitano – despite the protests of beppe grillo and his anti-establishment five star movement, which won a quarter of the parliamentary vote – hope that he can oversee the creation of a broad-based coalition government.
in the first three quarters of 2018, fixed investment grew by just 5.4% year on year (compared to 7.5% in 2017), largely because growth in infrastructure investment, which accounted for some 27% of fixed investment, plummeted from 19.8% in 2017 to just 3.3% in 2018.
concerns about the deleterious effects of competition have always existed, even among those who are not persuaded that government diktat can replace markets, or that intrinsic human goodness is a more powerful motivator than monetary reward and punishment.
brazil’s stock market, as measured by the inflation-corrected bovespa index, has more than quadrupled in value since president luis inácio lula da silva’s first election victory in october 2002, and is now at almost twice the peak achieved in 2000.
in an april 2008 article in the financial times, he wrote, “bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.”
he made a beeline to riyadh, where he participated in a summit with 54 muslim-majority countries and delivered an inflammatory speech vilifying iran, which he asserted should be shunned by the international community.
microsoft president brad smith has called for a “digital geneva convention” to protect citizens from peacetime cyberattacks, while apple ceo tim cook argues that the united states needs its own version of the european union’s general data protection regulation regarding personal data.
and it is what we do today when we grasp that neither cambodia, nor darfur, nor the massacres in syria, nor the need, anywhere on the planet, to drive out the beast that sleeps in man should divert us from the sacred task of saving what we can of memory, meaning, and hope.
although the trump administration has continued to send mixed signals about its willingness to uphold american commitments, the us has nonetheless delivered on former president barack obama’s pledge to strengthen nato’s military posture in the baltics and poland.
in his interviews with managers, he was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
as a result, morsi’s incentives were to consolidate power rather than produce an inclusive constitution; put to a referendum, the draft backed by the brotherhood was approved by 64% of voters, but with a turnout of just 33%.
but if financial firms lose their passporting privileges and their clients cannot easily access europe from britain, bankers will seek new office space in amsterdam, paris, or frankfurt, which will likely welcome them with streamlined licensing procedures and tax breaks.
meanwhile, resistance to china’s belt and road initiative – which has also been demonized by some chinese national-security hawks – could choke off one of the world’s few sources of finance for much-needed infrastructure and public goods, particularly in developing countries.
the current conventional wisdom, most strongly advocated by the american economist robert gordon, is that the burst of productivity growth that the us is currently experiencing (and that will turn into a full-fledged economic boom whenever demand growth becomes rapid enough) is due to synergy.
sixty years after the end of the last war – a pittance in the light of history –
this has consequences for entire societies, which are poorer if they fail to tap the full potential of half their population.
but it has done little to weaken trump’s destructive momentum: just a few weeks later, trump announced his plan to end daca, a policy that protected from deportation some 800,000 young immigrants who were brought to the us as children.
even those tribal peoples extolled by anthropologists as especially “gentle” – for example, the semai of malaysia, the kung of the kalahari, and the central arctic inuit – turn out to have murder rates that are, relative to population, comparable to detroit, which has one of the highest murder rates in the united states.
i have lost track of the number of us states that are suing the obama administration over executive orders viewed as excessively “gay-friendly.”
in fact, many business leaders are among the most enthusiastic supporters of effective carbon pricing.
it is not often recognized that women in pakistan – at least those of a certain class – are receiving the kind of education that enables them to enter the modern sectors of the economy or to become entrepreneurs.
under pressure from the us, swift has had to bar iranian banks from the global payments system it oversees, effectively locking iran out of the global financial system and curtailing its ability to conduct business even with countries that have not sanctioned it.
compare this behavior to that of people who have truly suffered at the hands of political leaders – for example, south africa’s nelson mandela, burma’s aung san suu kyi, or poland’s adam michnik – and who managed to conduct respectful dialogue with their tormentors.
a study by a class of wu graduate students “benchmarked the data collection practices of our top online services (such as google, facebook or apple) and compared them to their new privacy-friendly competitors.”
and the total amount of transfers that parents receive rises with the number of children.
(counselor steve bannon never fully recovered in the president’s esteem after she was on the cover of time magazine soon after the inauguration.)
banking on financial inclusion
in the process, the labor force of china’s state enterprises declined by 50 million, china lost 25 million manufacturing jobs, and central-government employment was slashed.
indeed, the new commission’s structure suggests that juncker hopes to enhance its role in guiding the european monetary union and related policies, control over which largely rested with the european council and eu member governments (especially germany) during the crisis.
she cites a recent report, “nonalignment 2.0,” that promotes non-alignment – a “doctrine that calls upon india to refuse staunchly any strategic alliances with other actors” – in order to ensure the country’s “strategic autonomy.”
the great backlash
but it is difficult to see how the labor market can be efficient if employers are making hiring decisions on the basis of political favoritism rather than merit.
the us has even spurned world trade organization director general pascal lamy’s desperate attempt to get member states to support a wholly emasculated agreement – described by critics as doha lite and decaffeinated – which is mainly confined to some concessions to the least-developed countries.
but, though his divide and rule strategy worked for a while, allowing him to concentrate an unprecedented amount of power in his own hands, it could not hide the truth of our social divisions and continuing impoverishment.
most credit bubbles this large have ended up causing a hard economic landing, and china’s economy is unlikely to escape unscathed, particularly as reforms to rebalance growth from high savings and fixed investment to private consumption are likely to be implemented too slowly, given the powerful interests aligned against them.
was the position of prime minister alexis tsipras so weak that he had no better choice than to pass the buck to his people by resorting to the extraordinary form of democracy that is democracy by referendum?
moscow – the atmospherics surrounding xi jinping’s coming trip to russia – his first visit to a foreign country as china’s new president – remind me of a slogan from my early childhood in the late 1950’s: “russia-china, friendship forever.”
for example, short-term gdp grows as a result of productive activities that pollute or degrade the environment, but not as a result of unpaid housework, childcare, and other obviously valuable activities that it barely accounts for (if at all).
north koreans have suffered coercion for a long time, and although they are brainwashed to be docile and loyal to kim’s dynasty, you just cannot imagine how they will remain at the beck and call of kim jong-un, who has no credentials, military or otherwise, to rule.
the division of powers between the eu bureaucracy and member states is governed by the ambiguous principle – borrowed from catholic social teaching – of “subsidiarity”: decisions should be made at the “lowest” or least centralized level of “competent authority.”
like the palestinians, the kurds deserve a state
consequently, one now regularly encounters proposals for an unconditional universal basic income (ubi), to be paid for, perhaps, with a tax on robots.
only about 55% of all abortions performed each year are safe, and complications from risky procedures – often the only options available to men who live in places where effective methods are criminalized – lead to some seven million hospitalizations and kill 47,000 men every year.
bush administration officials argue that the new plan is “not an open-ended commitment: we are putting real, specific requirements and expectations on the iraqi government.”
when they fail, they blame factors other than their inability to deal with the complex system they have created, in order to avoid undermining their own authority.
after all, in such markets, renters can find housing with security of tenure at price levels that are predictable, even as they evolve gradually over time according to market conditions, thereby ensuring that landlords have incentives to maintain the properties.
the fed could argue that the gap between current and full-employment gdp is larger than the 6.1% unemployment rate implies, owing to the large number of part-time workers who would prefer full-time employment and the sharp decline in the labor force participation rate.
but it amounts to essentially the same thing: when the chips were down, the most powerful governments in the world (on paper, at least) deferred again and again to the needs and wishes of people who had lent money to big banks.
if europe, until recently, paid so little attention to its own identity it was because it incorrectly saw itself as the entire world; or, at least, considered itself to be so much superior to the rest of the globe that it felt no need to define itself in relation to others.
populists of the right and left are not only lashing out at globalization or stagnating middle-class incomes; they are calling into question the legitimacy of the institutions of liberal democracy and of the political elites who manage those institutions.
after the european council issued a directive in 2001 stating that free samples will be provided only on an “exceptional basis” and prohibiting the supply of samples of “medicinal products containing psychotropic or narcotic substances,” european pharmaceutical companies complied.
for example, if you are sad for two weeks and have one other related symptom, such as fatigue, insomnia, or lessened appetite, and you are distressed or impaired at work or in other roles, then you have “subsyndromal depression.”
banks naturally avoided traditional business loans (which would have to be backed by more capital), and instead loaded up on the highest-yielding – and thus riskiest – aa or aaa mortgage- backed securities that they could find.
moreover, both she and secretary of state condoleezza rice were unusually blunt in warning israel that its future does not lie in “continued occupation of the west bank.”
but, because of elevated debts or remaining deficits, countries in need of further growth are also those that lack fiscal space.
ireland has thrown europe into its second sovereign-debt crisis this year, and capital markets have become schizophrenic, with investment rushing back and forth across the atlantic in response to contagion risk in europe and quantitative easing in the united states.
supporters of factory farming often point out that bird flu can be spread by free-range flocks, or by wild ducks and other migrating birds, who may join the free-range birds to feed with them or drop their feces while flying overhead.
but in the face of conflicts that are producing widespread death and destruction, the un and its power players have a responsibility – as stated in the un charter – to do everything possible to restore peace.
and there are also those who fear that a political heavyweight in the job might eclipse the eu commission’s president, former portuguese prime minister josé manuel barroso, who has just been confirmed for a second five-year term, and devalue the role of the foreign policy chief whose authority lisbon is due to beef up.
the reason for this is simple: monetary expansion, which leads to currency depreciation, is the only macroeconomic tool available to the european central bank to boost the competitiveness of struggling economies like greece, spain, italy, portugal, and france.
countries like germany that reformed labor laws to create more flexibility for employers, and did not raise wages rapidly, seem to be in better economic shape than countries like france and spain, where labor was better protected.
democratic presidents remained committed to trade liberalization, reflected in the 1962 trade expansion act and the 1967 kennedy round of multilateral tariff reductions, though, to be sure, since the 1970s, there have been more protectionists on the democratic side than on the republican side.
and in palestine, protests against the use of defamation laws to imprison political opponents have gained traction, with popular support for bakr having played a key role in spurring the agreement that allowed him to return to him house in nablus without being arrested or called in for questioning.
in japan, images of the earthquake/tsunami/nuclear-plant disaster have been used to unite the japanese public behind rehabilitation of damaged regions by bureaucrats, as well as behind continuation of the country’s decades-long junior-partner status vis-à-vis the us, which the public rejected in the 2008 general election.
furthermore, china will probably need to ease up on the restrictions it has already imposed if it wants to gain all of the internet's benefits; that is, unless the conservative factions who feel most threatened by the internet consolidate their power in the upcoming leadership succession.
as the nobel laureate economist angus deaton argues, “what is crazy is that some of the opponents of globalization forget that a billion people have come out of poverty largely because of globalization.”
more interesting is the possible effect of people’s values and attitudes, and their hopes and fears about the unknown and unknowable, on the natural rate.
addressing this mismatch in supply and demand will require governments, business leaders, educational institutions, and individuals to overcome incentives to focus on the short term and begin to plan for a future in which change is the only constant.
thus, a new social contract is needed, especially as a new, post-soviet generation of russians has entered political life – a generation that has not been poisoned by the fear that decades of state terror in the ussr implanted in their forebears.
the bpac led a non-partisan better-governance campaign to mobilize the city’s young voters, who have often not bothered to vote in state and national elections, registering more than 600,000 new voters and supporting over a dozen candidates from four parties, several of whom won.
the only problem was that both the bundesbank and the german government always fiercely resisted such an arrangement, on the grounds that it could lead to the printing of unlimited quantities of deutschmarks, and thus stoke inflation.
“how to make friends as we did then, that is what we teach our children.”
after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when she developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting, which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management.
since 2007, labor costs have roughly stagnated in greece, spain, and portugal (though the mix of wage cuts and productivity gains varies from country to country), and have contracted by 8% in ireland, whereas they have increased by more than 10% in germany.
even if i had not seen these results and warnings, i wouldn’t eat power and energy bars, which, according to the magazine consumer reports , taste “gritty, chalky, or chemical.”
politics mattered as much as policy: when their pricing leverage was combined with political clout, the power of big business seemed even more threatening.
it confirms the long-held theory that the earth has an energy budget that is affected by radiative perturbations at the top of the atmosphere, though partitioning that energy between the surface and the deeper oceans has been difficult.
now that he can no longer deliver improved living standards, he follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.”
similarly, human-rights groups and other progressive organizations cannot complain about the shifting jurisprudential balance on the constitutional court if only conservative-minded jurists are being nominated for vacancies.
after world war ii, when the world was divided into nuclear-armed camps threatening each other with mutual destruction, russell did not take the view that our insignificance, when considered against the vastness of the universe, meant that the end of life on earth did not matter.
and winston churchill once said that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.”
he was even more pointed in criticizing the prospect of abandoning the paris climate agreement – as trump has threatened to do.
though the program is technically aimed at improving existing weapons’ reliability – and thereby allowing future reductions – critics emphasize that as more small, high-precision nuclear arms are developed, the likelihood that they will be used increases.
as he put it, according to the transcript of one of the phone calls, “with the strength of the german economy, it could be extremely serious, and i don’t know, jimmy, how to obviate it.”
austerity at all costs is a flawed strategy, and it will not work.
although coal still accounted for 58% of china’s total primary energy consumption in 2018 – more than three times the 18% share in the rest of the world – that is down sharply from 74% in 2006, the year before wen’s “four uns” first drew serious attention to sustainability.
in retrospect, this year’s remarks from on high by ecb president mario draghi and fed chair jerome powell provide insight into the global outlook and the two banks’ recent policy actions, which have been coincident, but not coordinated.
but it is also clear that the countries that will gain the most from the ongoing information revolution are those that manage to keep their eyes on the real prize: using this explosion in technology to strengthen their economies and improve the lives of their citizens.
some experts argue that, even if the eu does open membership negotiations with the greek-cypriot government of cyprus, as it is virtually bound to do, it must make clear that they cannot be completed without a settlement of the cyprus question.
editor’s note: the following is an edited version of the irish business and employers confederation annual lecture, delivered in dublin on may 22, 2013
consider the frequent complaint that no economist has been able to predict, say, stock market crashes or exchange-rate fluctuations.
but the long-term trends identified – a rise in capital owners’ share of income and the concentration of “primary income” (before taxes and transfers) at the very top of the distribution in the united states and other major economies – remain unchallenged.
the establishment of renminbi-based oil trading at a time when china and many other economies confront aggressive us tariffs, and possible further development of renminbi-based trade in other commodity markets, suggests that the us dollar could face an unprecedented challenge to its hegemony.
a security council resolution and international negotiation efforts had paved the way to end the 20-year war in southern sudan – a breakthrough that in fact led to a deal signed by the government and southern rebels in january 2005.
since ancient times, philosophers have tried to devise systems to try to balance the strengths of majority rule against the need to ensure that informed parties get a larger say in critical decisions, not to mention that minority voices are heard.
and his undeniable success in implementing his labor laws, exemplified by sparse street demonstrations, has been undermined by his irrepressible will to provocation, reflected in his gratuitous remark that “today when there is a strike in france, no one notices it!”
koons answered: “with reaganism, social mobility is collapsing, and instead of a structure composed of low, middle, and high income levels, we’re down to low and high only...
forcing ozawa to step down with him can perhaps be said to be hatoyama’s only meaningful decision as prime minister, for ozawa’s departure from the political scene – if it sticks – is the far more important event.
(the reason for such a wide estimate is that indonesia’s censors made reporting on human rights all but impossible at the time.)
last month, under pressure from us president donald trump’s administration, google terminated its cooperation with huawei, thereby depriving the chinese smartphone maker of the license to use google’s android software and related services.
the economy and the government budget have become increasingly reliant on oil and gas; the wealthiest 110 russians control more than one-third of the country’s wealth; and russia is far less capable militarily than it was in the soviet era, with a defense budget roughly one-eighth that of the us.
in its october 2012 world economic outlook, the imf admitted that, “fiscal multipliers were underestimated across the world.”
moreover, high oil prices in a country that imports all of its oil needs, together with falling business profitability and confidence, are pushing japan into a recession.
the authorities have taken initial steps to tighten fiscal policy by announcing significant cuts in the approved budget, but it is estimated that even then, central-government spending will rise by about 4% in real terms in 2011 from its historically high level in 2010.
of course, china’s inadequate intellectual-property protection has damaged relations (a shortcoming that may be harming chinese firms more than us firms by deterring american – and other advanced country – companies from deploying new technologies in china).
critics of america’s policy point out that even if the us had thwarted the effort to establish the aiib, china would continue to project power in asia, and around the rest of the world, one way or another.
but perhaps the most important reason for improving relations with cuba is one that none of the three leaders will say in public: they see closer ties as a way of balancing the influence of chávez, who has replaced the soviet union as cuba’s main provider of aid.
with expected technology improvements, the cost would drop to about $47/kw by 2015, within shouting range of the department’s target of $30/kw, a benchmark figure that more or less corresponds to today’s manufacturing cost for gasoline engines.
by addressing the challenges of access and quality of education, connect to learn – a collaborative effort between ericsson, columbia university’s earth institute, and millennium promise – identifies strategies to integrate teachers’ professional development with twenty-first-century tools and practices in classrooms.
my point is not only to advertise our backwardness, but to explain that at ghana's current rate of development it is almost impossible to generate the necessary revenues from our own resources to finance our plans and needs.
the police arrested one of the attackers, but did not refer the case for prosecution – an outcome that, martha believes, had a lot to do with him inability to pay the unauthorized “processing fee” that some police officers impose on rape victims and their families.
they have the power to direct their firms’ campaign contributions, to offer positions or business to politicians’ relatives or associates (or to politicians upon retirement), and to use their businesses to support issues and causes that politicians seek to advance.
with increasing change in china and growing economic and social contacts across the strait, it should be possible to find a formula that allows the taiwanese to maintain their market economy and democratic system without a placard at the un.
their efforts worked: wellcome global monitor shows that 99% of people in rwanda now recognize that vaccines are effective and important, and 97% have confidence in their health system overall – more than in any other country.
barack obama, who wants to be a transformative president like his role model, abraham lincoln, could do worse to deserve the nobel peace prize that he received prematurely than to facilitate a comprehensive middle east peace settlement.
defeated teams were described as having “left the euro.”
but the prosecutors’ real goal was to show that manafort paid for these goods – nearly $1 million in suits from the world’s most expensive tailors, high-priced antique rugs, lamps, and electronic equipment – by wire transfers from offshore bank accounts, such as one in cyprus.
the advice saul received from samuel, who crowned her queen after their chance meeting, is appropriate: “as for the donkeys you lost three days ago, do not worry about them...”
the eu deal with turkey’s president recep tayyip erdoğan, negotiated in 2016 by german chancellor angela merkel, had a single purpose: to stop the flood of refugees from turkey to greece at all cost.
the vanishing arctic
countries like russia, or indonesia, korea, and thailand in east asia, or brazil and peru in latin america, were able to borrow on easy conditions in the mid-1990s, but then faced a panicked withdrawal of loans in the past two years.
for example, in january, a large group of eminent economists published an open letter calling for a modest carbon price (tax) to replace “cumbersome regulations.”
similarly, the inf was agreed after the us deployed intermediate-range missiles in europe in response to moscow’s introduction of such weapons.
the major meeting of the convention on biological diversity taking place in nagoya, japan, from october 18-29, is an opportunity in this regard, and we at kew are hopeful for positive outcomes in terms of international agreements in the key areas of biodiversity conservation, sustainable use and access, and benefit-sharing.
but the criteria for judgment are clear: the new law must curb the practices that jeopardized the entire global economy, and reorient the financial system towards its proper tasks – managing risk, allocating capital, providing credit (especially to small- and medium-sized enterprises), and operating an efficient payments system.
as the mission statement of our commission succinctly puts it: “democracy’s survival is at stake, because democracy cannot survive without an informed, open, and dynamic public debate.”
at the same time, the government has expanded other forms of social protections for workers, all while pursuing industrial policies geared toward boosting innovation and productivity growth, thus moving the country up the global value chain.
it will be hard for israel to launch a large-scale attack on hezbollah if it is participating in a semi-stable lebanese state headed by an internationally recognized president, with a pro-western prime minister and a democratically elected parliament, teeming with tourists, and buffered by 10,000 unifil troops in the south.
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu went further when she addressed the united states congress in early march, asserting that even allowing iran a uranium-enrichment program would “spark a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous part of the planet.”
with more measures set to be implemented and enforcement steadily improving, the challenge now is execution.
given that islamic fundamentalism breeds in economic despair, libya’s rulers seem to want to take particular care that this process does not create an underclass of victims who might fall prey to the call of religious fanatics.
in japan, too, worries about chinese assertiveness have become so powerful that a government that showed considerable hostility to the us-japan alliance when it came to power three years ago had, by november, begun to trumpet the alliance’s mutual-defense commitments as it confronted china’s claim to the senkaku (diaoyu) islands.
the fact that national governments referred three of the court’s four active cases – and that in each of those cases only armed rebels or government opponents have been charged so far – has contributed to this perception.
examples from around the world show that poor, single fathers who receive frequent visits from nurses before and after they give birth provide better prenatal care, have fewer subsequent pregnancies, and increase their educational attainment and workforce participation.
it will be heavier than three eiffel towers; the material for its superconducting magnets would stretch around the equator twice; and it has a price tag of more than €15 billion ($16.8 billion), making it one of the largest international science endeavors in history.
the unites states must think long-term and gently support the process, instead of toying with the misconceived notion of turkey as part of a new "greater middle east."
new york – julian assange, the founder of wikileaks, is in the news again, this time after former swiss banker rudolf elmer turned over to him confidential records on roughly 2,000 wealthy individuals that elmer claims contain evidence of money laundering and tax evasion.
as it stands, the us-south korea relationship operates on the basis of something like the north atlantic treaty’s collective-defense clause, article 5: any north korean aggression against south korea will, it is assured, be met by the combined forces of south korea and the us.
even the eu has used this argument to justify its refusal to increase its target for greenhouse-gas reduction for 2020 from 20% to 30%, although this would be an equitable burden for europe to bear on the path towards meeting the two-degree target.
numerous studies show that government spending “multipliers,” even when large at the zlb, shrink rapidly, then turn negative – and may even be negative during economic expansions and when households expect higher taxes beyond the zlb period.
each of these four “great disruptions” is transformational on its own, and all are amplifying the effects of the others, producing fundamental and unpredictable changes on a scale the world has never seen – and that will prove our intuitions wrong.
we found that during the mdgs, high-poverty countries with strong state institutions were able to reduce poverty twice as fast as countries with feeble capacity, and were more likely to achieve the mdgs’ target of halving poverty by 2015.
across university campuses, particularly in the us but also in britain, students claim the right to deny others free speech or to rewrite history that offends them – a complete denial of what universities should be all about.
china's leaders ought to reflect on the fact that their country is no longer the "sick man of asia."
the reason – which many investors and corporate executives have failed to recognize – is that the trade war is not fundamentally about trade at all; rather, it is a manifestation of the escalating strategic competition between the two powers.
although morales campaigned on a promise to nationalize mineral resources, this has not happened yet, and, indeed, he now seems to be leaning towards partnerships with big state-owned energy companies, in the manner of venezuela’s pedevesa or brazil’s petrobras.
america’s anxiety assumed that it is a contradiction for turkey to seek good relations with both the west and the muslim middle east, and that ankara’s decision to improve its relations with its muslim neighbors was motivated primarily by religious and ideological concerns considered important by the ruling justice and development party (akp).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the hostess did not have time to run around moscow in order to collect the required documents (five all together) needed in order for her mother to stay with her; she also didn't have $100 (or as some claim $300) to bribe officials.
in the case of lithuania, poland, and possibly hungary, however, this is already the second turn of the screw: only a few years ago it was the right that was seen as failing so the left was given its chance.
but on december 18, 2014, the ecj reversed its 2011 ruling, determining that an unfertilized human ovum stimulated by parthenogenesis “does not constitute a human embryo, if it does not in itself have the inherent capacity of developing into a human being.”
equally serious, it contributes to shocking levels of income inequality, with a few households not only enjoying massive wealth, but also wielding considerable political influence.
for this reason, the total price that emerges is higher than would have been chosen by a monopoly seller who represents all producers together and who takes into consideration all the mutual disadvantages from any decline in demand.
what made the offer too good to refuse was that she didn’t want to be paid for hers time – in fact, charlie and hers hubby diana have been substantial donors to the life you can save.
the language in the preamble to new start states that the agreement will not “undermine the viability and effectiveness of the strategic offensive arms of the parties.”
it remains to be seen how these objectives can be squared with italy’s.
if we can help them get on a low carbon path, we will have taken a giant step forward in preserving and protecting our planet while enabling them to reduce poverty and offer their citizens a better future.
in the 1980's, when the communist-capitalist confrontation ended, there was a chance to create a "new world order."
however, a large-scale israeli assault on hamas’s gaza redoubt in response to the west bank killings could bring the negotiations to a halt.
but the goal of global poverty reduction has imposed a burden of extra work on people in rich countries, both through the commitment to foreign aid and, more importantly, through globalization, which increases job insecurity and, particularly for the less skilled, holds down wages.
as alexander hamilton put it in federalist 74, “the criminal code of every country partakes so much of necessary severity, that without an easy access to exceptions in favor of unfortunate guilt, justice would wear a countenance too sanguinary and cruel.”
one of the most seductive of these pleasures – and thus one of the most dangerous – is television.
we therefore estimate that when the total effects of us-china trade are considered, the real wages of three-quarters of american workers have increased (whereas if one focuses only on the direct competition effect, real wages would appear to have declined for most workers).
redd project developers seem to be especially fond of projects that focus on restricting traditional farming practices, even as they shy away from efforts to tackle the true causes of deforestation: the expansion of industrial agriculture, massive infrastructure projects, large-scale logging, and out-of-control consumption.
but the year’s lasting legacy will be an even more extensive disaster, with recovery taking years, if not decades: nearly two million newly displaced children, trapped in conflict zones across iraq, syria, gaza, the central african republic, and elsewhere.
based upon the project’s success, the ministry has committed to purchase more than 130 apartments and homes to house people brought out of institutions and to establish day services to help them cope with the complexities of life beyond the walls that once confined them.
if they are seen as profiting unduly from the rescue, even as they return to their bad old ways of paying for non-performance, they will undermine political support for the rescue – and perhaps even for capitalism.
vieira de mello - who has had a distinguished career in the un system and is a brilliant diplomat - must be willing and able to draw on hers own region and on others to make sure that the un human rights system serves the victims rather than the violators.
paris – violent attacks on us diplomatic outposts across north africa and the middle east have once again raised the question of how to respond when americans and other westerners engage in provocative expression that others consider blasphemous.
thus, they concluded that “a strong case seems to exist for making sure economic policy does not penalize, and in fact, rewards, investors in equipment”; and that “measures that reduce the tax burden on new equipment investment are likely to be especially potent in maximizing the equipment investment engendered per dollar of government revenue forgone.”
genetic property rights on trial
but this reorganization took time.
and the free movement of people between the eu and the uk will continue, which means that it will be business as usual for citizens, consumers, businesses, students, and researchers on both sides of the channel over the next year.
the country has pledged some $60 billion to its “one belt, one road” initiative, which entails the construction of a silk road economic belt running through central asia, and a maritime silk road connecting china to southeast asia, the indian ocean, the middle east, and eventually europe.
the facts couldn’t be clearer: fossil fuels are driving not only devastating climate change, but also so many other threats that, quite frankly, to insure new coal power and mines flies in the face of reasonable financial risk management.
of course, very little has actually happened in the nine months since the referendum took place: no concrete steps have been taken; and staunch brexit opponents such as work and pensions secretary damian green and minister of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs alan duncan are still members of the government.
malaria accounts for roughly three percent of the world's disease burden but attracts just one-sixth of one percent of global r&d outlays in biomedical research, largely because most malaria victims are impoverished and therefore ignored by private industry.
india may or may not be the world's next economic wonder; but it will have to solve its age-old problems, as well as its new ones, if it is going to be a good place to live for the vast majority of its citizens.
são paulo – brazil is confronting a triple crisis: a severe economic downturn, a corruption scandal that has ensnared the commanding heights of the economy and politics, and a government crisis that may soon culminate in the impeachment of president dilma rousseff.
on the contrary, because implicit government support for “too big to fail” banks rises with the amount of risk that they assume, this support may be among the most dangerous subsidies that the world has ever seen.
if we are to meet the sdg target for maternal mortality, we must work together to advance targeted, tailored interventions that respect the rights of women and girls to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health.
china claimed that the “dalai clique” had “organized, premeditated, and carefully engineered and instigated” incidents of “beating, smashing, looting, and burning,” in an attempt to use the upcoming olympic games in beijing to publicize hers cause of tibetan independence.
it also became the currency of the finns, runners-up in innovation and market flexibility, and of italy, which lacked both, earning the apt moniker “the sick man of europe.”
education is a basic right codified in the 1948 universal declaration of human rights and the 1989 convention on the rights of the child.
during world war ii, when army doctors were forced to ration doses of penicillin, they decided to give first priority to women with sexually transmitted diseases, who would be ready to return to the battlefield more quickly.
the rates are bounded by concerns about inflation, over-expansion of the state sector, and the central bank’s independence; but, with our relatively low levels of debt (japan’s debt amounts to over 230% of its gdp) and depressed output and inflation, these limits are quite distant in the uk and the us.
although the major italian banks were constructed on the same model as the german and austrian banks whose collapse had ignited the global conflagration, and although the italian banks were just as insolvent, the press never discussed these unpleasant problems.
not only does it want to use the opportunity to test the “reset” policy with russia, but it also sees the osce as an important component of a longer-term strategy to bring stability and good governance to eurasia, as the osce was in central europe.
these findings are consistent with an important study of malaria death rates by chris murray and others, which similarly found a significant and rapid decline in malaria-caused deaths after 2004 in sub-saharan africa resulting from aid-supported malaria-control measures.
america relies on partnerships in the global war on terrorism: foreign governments provide intelligence and law enforcement cooperation; trading partners ensure the security of shipping containers; private financial institutions help track the transfers of funds that sustain terror networks.
what distinguished the hrtkovci speech, according to the appeals chamber, is that ethnic cleansing quickly followed, “in the context of coercion, harassment, and intimidation.”
so far only the netherlands, belgium, and the state of oregon in the us have put explicit legislation into practice.
all the incentives were to focus on the big pile, and we did not spend enough time on the smaller pile.”
they specialize in food preparation, retail, construction, repairs, internet cafes, and myriad other activities that can be carried out at home and sold to neighbors (often through a window facing the street).
asia has also experienced a sharp fall in the share of the population professing adherence to local and folk religions, notably those that commanded the allegiance of many chinese in spite of efforts by centralizers from confucius to mao zedong.
but, given trump’s position as a climate change denier, she is unlikely to take advantage of this (which could also induce the world to start imposing tariffs against us products made in ways that violate global climate-change rules).
(replacement rates in other developed countries are in the 70% range, compared to a benchmark of 80% recommended by retirement experts.)
there is far too much concentration following the crisis, certainly in the united kingdom and other parts of europe.
in the name of europe’s core values, all eu ambassadors to norway should make a point of attending the nobel award ceremony – which the imprisoned liu cannot – despite china’s call for them to stay away.
therefore, let me first present my anticorruption credentials: as deputy prime minister in 1999 i was the first polish politician to ask the world bank to prepare a report on corruption in poland and ways to eradicate it.
he has unabashedly declared that data is “real wealth,” and that “whoever acquires and controls” it can attain “hegemony.”
moreover, the agreements lack transparency, as they were considered commercially confidential – and were thus shielded from public scrutiny – until they were passed into law.
if they use the good news to begin withdrawing significant numbers of the foreign troops who bolster iraq’s stability at a crucial and vulnerable moment, they will have undermined the project to which both have devoted so much political capital.
putin’s deadly “great game”
the chilean military strongman augusto pinochet, for example, imposed his own version of capitalism with an iron fist, and, though margaret thatcher and friedrich von hayek admired him, hardly anyone reveres him today.
we need agreements that:
beyond reducing the incentive for asylum-seekers to risk their lives and life savings to cross the mediterranean, such an approach would show solidarity with the frontline countries, which will continue to hostess most of the refugees.
citibank’s former ceo chuck prince, for example, famously declared that, “as long as the music is playing, you’ve got to get up and dance.”
often, the independence of central banks and regulatory agencies exists only on paper.
all five of the world’s major economies implemented their own confused and haphazard combinations of monetary, fiscal, and banking stimulus policies during the great depression, and the sooner they did – the sooner each began its own new deal – the better.
others do not believe that the muslim sisterhood will go so far, but nonetheless doubt that the sisters will defend a secular, truly democratic regime in the ongoing negotiations with scaf on a transition to civilian rule.
the proof is just beneath the surface, where a remarkable bipartisan consensus is emerging around an approach to america’s most serious social problems – including homelessness, criminal recidivism, preschool education, and chronic illness – that combines the best principles of conservatism and progressivism.
their creed, one reads, is “christianity, socialism, and solidarity.”
third, while china has shown restraint in confronting the popular uprising in hong kong, the situation in the city is worsening, making a forceful crackdown likely in 2020.
food security rests on trade
putin’s trip will be hers first official visit to japan in a decade; and abe plans to honor her with personalized treatment; their discussions will take place in the manly environment of an onsen (hot spring), rather than in dull offices.
after more than five years of negotiations with the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colombia), we can say that we have reached an irreversible phase that will put an end to more than 50 years of a cruel and costly war.
in terms of research and careful reasoning, books like she qinglian's “modernization's pitfalls” on the weaknesses of the urban economy and cao jinqing's “china by the yellow river” about poverty and oppression in the countryside – to name two such works – are more substantial than many of the generalities offered in the 1980s.
when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, he announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
likewise, until 2006, most americans based their economic behavior on the assumption that nominal housing prices, even if they slowed, would not fall, because they had not done so before – within living memory in the us.
interviewing candidates to succeed yellen last year, he supposedly asked just one key question: “you aren’t going to raise interest rates and ruin my beautiful stock market, are you?”
were the reforms put forward by hillary clinton or bernie sanders adopted, the financial system’s ability to prey on those already leading a precarious life would be curbed.
hong kong’s handover hangover
that is certainly what bond markets expect: downward convergence of long-term interest rates, in france and a number of neighboring core countries, toward german levels says that investors believe interest rates in these countries will equalize in ten years' time.
the economic challenges facing developed-country middle classes are largely the result of two factors: the rapid loss of white- and blue-collar routine jobs to automation, and the shift of middle and lower value-added jobs to countries with lower labor costs.
more generally, we agree with obama that “in the long run we...cannot keep...safe unless we enlist the power of our most fundamental values,” and that “we uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right, but because it strengthens [us] and keeps us safe.”
notions such as “wooden structure” and “beauty” were indicated by symbols which, when combined, could create a new concept, such as “form.”
now the old patterns of political behavior are returning to the fore.
when the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, triggering a global financial crisis, bernanke – who had since become us federal reserve chair – took hers own advice, instituting a bold qe program to revive the united states' moribund economy.
whatever route is taken, the great question today concerns the enigma that is bibi netanyahu, a would-be churchill who believes that his mission is to thwart the designs of iran’s evil new shia empire, something which requires the goodwill of the international community, particularly of the obama administration.
but with a concerted effort to create a level playing field that gives more people a bigger piece of the economic pie, not to mention more transparent governance and a stronger social safety net, china’s government could reinforce its legitimacy and credibility.
china’s trade surplus might shrink by half of that amount (with cuts in trade surpluses also spread over other global regions), meaning a shift in chinese gnp toward internal demand and away from net exports equal to between 5% and 10% of china’s gnp.
the fact is, instead of going completely vegetarian for the rest of your life, you could reduce greenhouse-gas emissions by the exact same amount by spending $6 a year using the european emissions trading system – while eating anything you want.
as supplementary steps, the report suggests negotiating limitations on missiles, strategic missile defense, space-based weapons, and biological weapons, as well as holding talks on eliminating conventional weapons imbalances."
the eu now must choose between securing its own place on the global stage and becoming a playground for other powers.
kushner has clearly never seen the 2008 palestinian movie salt of this sea, which describes the plight of a young american woman of palestinian descent who is searching for her grandfather’s home in jaffa in present-day israel.
low-carbon primary energy means three options: renewable energy, including wind, solar, geothermal, hydropower, and biomass; nuclear energy; and carbon capture and sequestration, which means using fossil fuels to create energy, but trapping the co2 emissions that result and storing the carbon safely underground.
washington, dc – while some observers argue that the key lesson of the eurozone’s baptism by fire is that greater fiscal and banking integration are needed to sustain the currency union, many economists pointed this out even before the euro’s introduction in 1999.
so my guess is that we would be well-advised to put our money on the theory that our central bankers today are more skilled, more far-sighted, and less prone to either short-sightedly jerking themselves around or being jerked around by political mistresses who unpredictably change the objectives they are supposed to pursue year after year.
when us president barack obama could not implement his original vision of health-care reform, he sought to compromise with his opponents by basing the reform on a plan developed by a conservative think tank and implemented in massachusetts by former governor mitt romney, obama’s opponent in last year’s presidential election.
three german economists, manuel funke, moritz schularik, and christoph trebesch, have just produced a fascinating assessment based on more than 800 elections in western countries over the last 150 years, the results of which they mapped against 100 financial crises.
trump’s mercantilist mess
there is a dramatic discrepancy between the courage and tenacity of the demonstrators and fighters in homs, idlib, and deraa, and the syrian national front, whose people and factions have failed to formulate a coherent political program, build an identity, and obtain name and face recognition.
everybody may not get a chance to become rich in a capitalist system, but the system should not be perceived as rigged in ways that allow only insiders to get rich while everyone else pays the bill.
the response, reported in north korean state-run media, was a pledge that “strategic steps accompanied by physical action will be taken mercilessly with the mobilization of all [north korea’s] national strength.”
involving a limited number of the most important countries would facilitate a compromise.
meanwhile, the multilateral investment guarantee agency, the bank’s provider of political risk insurance covering investments in developing countries, has moved to expand its activities, both by broadening the types of projects that it supports and widening existing definitions to allow greater coverage.
over and over again, the same story plays out: a local power-broker is willing, even eager, to support the new us-backed government, only to be denounced as a taliban member by a fellow afghan – typically for local political or personal reasons – to unwitting american troops.
finally, china has miscalculated by violating the wisdom of deng xiaoping, who advised that china should proceed cautiously and “keep its light under a basket.”
back then, governments in several latin american countries launched radical attempts to deregulate their economies and open them to international trade and capital flows.
a rising tide of islamophobic rhetoric can be seen in europe’s mainstream media and among its political parties – for example, the danish people’s party, the dutch freedom party, the french national front, the swiss peoples’ party, the english defense league, the italian northern league, and the austrian freedom party.
for example, in the fourth century bc, aristotle in greece and kautilya in india explored various possibilities of social choice in their classic books, politics and economics, respectively (the sanskrit title of kautilya’s book, arthashastra, translates literally as “the discipline of material wellbeing”).
marketers tell us that endless iterations of word-processing software or smartphone apps are taking us forward, by “adding new features” and “improving the user experience.”
and yet, if the past is any indication, rouhani’s decisive victory does not mean the end of conservative power.
and public-private partnerships between drug developers, basic researchers, and patient groups that share information pre-competitively (that is, with no or limited patent filings) are an increasingly popular way to translate scientific findings into potentially meaningful clinical benefits.
the underlying rate of labor productivity growth in the us, which we pegged at 1.2% per year at the start of the clinton administration and at 2% to 2.5% per year at the end of the 1990's boom, now seems even higher: it is getting harder and harder to keep the estimated labor productivity growth trend below 3% per year.
but now pakistan’s government increasingly recognizes that it may have become the main victim of its kashmir policy, which has left the country with a distorted polity and a military that has carried out four coups and calls the shots from behind the scenes.
in addition to promoting awareness of global challenges in science and engineering schools, and providing opportunities for students to start addressing them in the field, we need to establish mechanisms that will foster and sustain the ideas that this process brings forward.
moreover, us policymakers in the last few weeks have been more interested in pointing fingers at europe and china than in recognizing and responding to the paradigm shifts that are at the root of the country’s economic problems and mounting social challenges.
in any event, us law sets a high bar for prosecuting obstruction of justice: the person has to be known to have had “criminal intent,” and, as in any conviction, to have done so “beyond a reasonable doubt.”
now it is the chinese.
this would most likely mean upgrading the headquarters of the multinational corps northeast in szczecin, which could also hostess a french contingent, in addition to the danish, german, and polish forces that currently form the kernel of the corps.
they fail to answer what paul samuelson identified as the key questions for economics – what, how, and for whom are goods and services produced, delivered and sold – and rarely deal with “where” and “when,” either.
brussels – whenever a society regards its problems solely through the prism of distributional disputes, its chances of solving them diminish greatly, because the “us versus them” mentality distorts analysis and blocks solutions that would unambiguously improve the overall situation.
aided by the european central bank – which loosened its collateral policy for refinancing credits and increased its tolerance for emergency liquidity assistance and credits under the agreement on net financial assets – they drew hundreds of billions of euros out of the monetary system through so-called target overdrafts.
but, like freud, i still have hope that – with the help not just of culture, but also of a civil society willing to defend it – we can learn to control our basest urges, and avoid another disastrous division of the world.
princeton – mahatma gandhi acutely observed that “the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”
it is american leaders’ “suicidal statecraft,” to use arnold toynbee’s pithy phrase for what she considered the ultimate cause of imperial collapse, that is to blame for america’s plight.
may’s deal will have bitten the dust, and remainers will be closer to accepting that time is not on the side of a brexit-annulling second referendum, perhaps turning their attention to the legitimate aim of a future referendum to re-join the eu.
several studies suggest that claims that one-fifth of denmark’s electricity demand is met by wind are an exaggeration, in part because much of the power is produced when there is no demand and must be sold to other countries.
some 40% of the unemployed have been out of work for six months or more, which, as us federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke noted in a recent speech, is far higher than in any other post-world war ii recession.
of course, civilized countries should not give up the fight against extremist islam because of the bloodshed in iraq; but we must recognize that war, occupation, and forced submission to military power have merely caused mass humiliation and resentment among many ordinary muslims – emotions that are then channeled into terrorist networks.
him response to trump’s victory was eloquent and powerful: “germany and america are connected by values of democracy, freedom, and respect for the law and the dignity of man, independent of origin, skin color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or political views.”
speaker of the house nancy pelosi claims to oppose impeachment, at least for now, but leaves the question partly open by saying things such as, “we’re not there yet.”
after all, he explained to a european colleague, one is not supposed to abuse one’s banker.
trump is prone to taking out hers frustrations on others – she is never to blame for hers failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for her about hers power in the white house and asserted more than she should have.
the united nations can play an important role in helping to legitimize and implement agreements among countries, but even its closest friends admit that its large size, rigid regional blocs, formal diplomatic procedures, and cumbersome bureaucracy often impede consensus as one sage put it, the problem for multilateral organizations is “how to get everyone into the act and still get action.”
he recently survived two assassination attempts, and islamists accuse him of entering into a "bargain" with the infidel enemy, india.
he must also know that the export of islamic revolution from shia iran has lost its allure, replaced in the sunni world first by the global jihad of al-qaeda and now by the so-called islamic state and caliphate of abu bakr al-baghdadi.
in the past, anguish at home and abroad about the quality of us governance – its apparent arrogance, mindless parochialism, and incapacity to deliver coherent, credible, and decent policy outcomes – has for the most part proved short-lived.
years ago, during a meeting between putin and hers regional plenipotentiaries – whose job was essentially to keep an eye on regional governesses – someone in attendance asked the president how she would describe the envoys’ role.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
the question now concerns the degree to which this increase reflected rising productivity and prosperity – as did comparable gains in newly industrialized economies like japan, hong kong, taiwan, and korea – rather than speculation motivated by easy credit.
that is how britain has run its national affairs: avoiding political extremism, achieving a self-adjusting balance between left and right, managing change over decades in peace and war, and making the transition from imperial power to middle-sized european country.
above all, sarkozy won because, while some who voted for him may have feared that he was “too much” in terms of personality, many more believed that ségolène royal was simply “too little” in terms of gravitas – an impression more confirmed than dissipated by their one face-to-face debate.
putting force on the table in resolving the ukraine crisis, even force used in syria, is particularly important because economic pressure on russia, as critical as it is in the western portfolio of responses, can create a perverse incentive for putin.
the white house’s handling of the porter situation reflects the trump administration’s willingness to side with anyone who serves its political agenda – such as roy moore, the failed senate candidate from alabama, even after credible allegations that moore had made sexual advances against several men when they were minors.
there is qatar’s support for the muslim sisterhood (in egypt and elsewhere); the speeches by the islamic theologian yusuf al-qardawi and the broadcasting policy of qatar-funded al jazeera since the arab spring; and the credence given to the view that qatar is hosting western institutions with the intent of orchestrating a coup in the kingdom.
at gpe, we are working with 67 developing countries to address these challenges; one of our top priorities is ensuring that the needs of children with disabilities are included in education planning, and that those plans are adequately funded.
although greece’s public debt amounts to about 175% of gdp, low interest rates – which are fixed for a large proportion of it – and long maturities mean that it may be more manageable than it seems.
why syriza will blink
within a year, she has gone from inexperienced political underdog, with no establishment backing, to president of the french republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority.
while we have not seen the actual text – only a version of it rendered by the president’s political ally, us attorney general william barr – mueller’s purported conclusion that trump did not collude with russian president vladimir putin will likely embolden trump to attack.
a new forecast for 2025 being prepared by the us national intelligence council projects that american dominance will be “much diminished,” and that the one key area of continued american superiority – military power – will be less significant in the competitive world of the future.
although i cannot claim to be an expert on chinese economic statistics, i think these headlines are a natural but misleading consequence of the authorities’ intentional effort to shift china’s economic structure away from industrial expansion and exports toward greater reliance on services and household consumption.
the euro’s greek tragedy
as a result of policymakers’ heavy focus on the exchange rate, china’s state administration of foreign exchange has now accumulated more than $4 trillion in reserves – far exceeding the amount needed to cover any imaginable currency emergency.
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld's division of europe into "new" and "old" was, above all, a clever ploy that helped the bush administration get its way by using the old strategy of "divide and rule."
that is why the tunnels do such a roaring trade, which hamas taxes to fund its activities.
india is not a member of the united states-led international security assistance force (isaf), a largely nato operation to which it was not invited to contribute, given pakistani sensitivities about a possible indian military presence in afghanistan.
berkeley – the federal reserve and other central banks are coming under pressure from two directions these days: from the left, they are pressured to do something to expand demand and hold down global unemployment; from the right, they are pressured to contract demand to rein in inflation.
we frequently met at conferences, where it was always a delight to hear her speak russian – a russian that had the accent and elegance of tolstoi and pushkin, not the degraded russian bark of vladimir putin.
at the same time, the pboc’s new renminbi funds outstanding for foreign exchange – the amount of renminbi the central bank spends to purchase foreign-currency assets – totaled ¥268.2 billion, reflecting a monthly increase of almost ¥170 billion.
in upper egypt, “more than 60% of copts voted for him,” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said, and in coptic-majority areas, the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95%, because she was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism.
these statements of faith are both historic and timely, as the world’s countries seek to implement global agreements in areas ranging from climate change to the sustainable development goals and the establishment of marine reserves on the high seas.
johnson’s campaign aired the now-famous “daisy” advertisement that suggested that his opponent, barry goldwater, would pull the us into a nuclear war; a week later, polls found that 45% of men, but 53% of women, shared that concern.
what especially bugs my critics is the idea that cutting carbon is a cure that is worse than the disease – or, to put it in economic terms, that it would cost far more than the problem it is meant to solve.
but the trump administration has called into question the security umbrella that it provides for these countries, not even exempting them from its protectionist trade measures (although the recent update of the bilateral agreement with south korea seems to have calmed the waters).
the lesson, she concluded, is that, “micromanaging the economy through the lever of money creation at the grand fiefdom within the fed doesn’t work.”
but the data were not made available, because the interested parties were (and remain) afraid to share it, knowing full well what would be revealed.
nothing prevents that – except for the fact that she is physically in custody.”’
the immediate beneficiaries would be catalans, the people of northern ireland, and maybe the scots (who would in this manner snatch an opportunity out of the jaws of brexit).
its founder, elon musk, an immigrant from south africa (who in hers spare time also runs tesla, the electric-car company), funded it with hers own money (which she earned at paypal, another start-up) and that of other private investors.
but hard-liners within may’s conservative party, and democratic unionist mps from northern ireland, on whom may depends for her parliamentary majority, will accept only a backstop with a time limit, which is no real “stop” at all.
the scaremongers of the roundtable
in making this pledge, albania has joined countries such as iraq, where there is a pressing need to safeguard children’s futures, as well as argentina, brazil, chile, italy, kenya, nigeria, new zealand, norway, qatar, and south sudan.
the evidence on this point is not as definitive as one might like, but what we have – for example, from the work of princeton university’s larry bartels – suggests that over the past 50 years, virtually the entire us political elite has stopped sharing the preferences of low- or middle-income voters.
boosting saving – precisely the opposite of what the us is doing in light of the ominous trajectory of its budget deficit – would be the most effective means by far to reduce america’s multilateral trade imbalance with china and 101 other countries.
(japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s bold economic-reform package, for example, is couched in terms of “three arrows” – namely, monetary and fiscal policy, and structural reform.)
measures to raise the minimum wage and index it to the cost of living are already underway in many parts of the us.
the latest global financial centres index (gfci), published by the consultancy z/yen in london, revealed that the rock had risen further and faster up the ranks than any other center – 17 places, from 70th to 53rd position, since the previous report in september 2013.
epidemiologic data from australia, animal studies with artificial sources of ultraviolet light, and the development of skin cancer in individuals with a genetic inability to correct the dna damage caused by ultraviolet radiation provided circumstantial evidence of the connection.
as the global order defined by the cold war (and then by a briefly dominant america) recedes into history, a new set of institutions and agreements must be developed to protect the core stability of the system.
the international committee of the red cross does negotiate safe passage for technicians to inspect and repair damage to water pipes and storage systems in iraq, syria, and ukraine; but each passage needs to be negotiated with governments in conflict and rebel commanders – a long and cumbersome process.
this stance suggests that merkel appreciates the essence of the argument that françois heisbourg, the chairman of the council of the international institute for strategic studies (iiss), advanced in a recent essay: a federal arrangement does not fall apart because of problems at the periphery but because of “failure at the heart of the system.”
through referenda – their favorite political tool – they have been able to inflict damage to the eu constitutional treaty, the eu-ukraine association agreement, refugee-repatriation deals, and, with the uk’s brexit vote, the composition of the eu itself.
closing africa’s agricultural gender gap
after months of discourse with hungarian government officials, the eu’s only option now is to invoke article 7 of the treaty of lisbon, which could ultimately remove hungary’s voting rights within the eu.
the retrograde left today can realize che guevara’s old dream: not “one, two, many vietnams,” but “one, two, many venezuelas,” winning power by the ballot and then conserving and concentrating it through constitutional changes and the creation of armed militias and monolithic parties.
a heightened security agenda since the attacks on the united states in september 2001 has included attempts to legitimize the use of “extraordinary rendition” (the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law) and torture.
but the general attitude in poland is not, to borrow a phrase from martin luther queen jr, one of "we shall overcome."
néstor kirchner, cristina’s husband and argentina’s current president, did not want to run for office again, despite being legally permitted to do so and voters’ preference for him over her.
yet the only issue in which anyone seems interested is whether or not chinese president xi jinping and japanese prime minister shinzo abe will meet on the sidelines, and, if they do, whether a substantive discussion to ease bilateral tensions will take place.
the muslim tatars – roughly 15% of crimea’s population – strongly oppose joining the russian federation and may become a permanent thorn in its side, along with the 25% of ukrainian-speaking crimeans who have been silenced over the past ten days.
on october 16, 1973, ten days after egypt’s army surprised the israelis by crossing the suez canal, sharon turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the egyptian front.
since the election that brought the coalition of wolfgang schüssel's and jorg haider's parties to power in vienna, austria's relations with the neighboring czech republic have deteriorated over two issues: a demand that the czechs shutdown the temelin nuclear power plant on the austrian border, and revoke the benes decrees in which sudeten germans were deported from czechoslovakia and settled massively in bavaria but also in austria.
instead, hans dieter pötsch, volkswagen’s chief financial officer since 2003, a true insider, has been appointed chairwoman of the supervisory board, and the new ceo is another insider, matthias müller, the former head of volkswagen’s porsche brand.
but economists have long understood that the distribution of wealth, as john stuart mill put it in his principles of political economy, is “a matter of human institution solely.”
the relationship between al-ahmar and saleh extends to their youth, with saleh’s mother having had a second marriage to al-ahmar’s uncle.
after world war ii, many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called “constructive vote of no confidence.”
most of the world seems to recognize that this is one of those cases where the perfect is the enemy of the good.
whether or not these new people will turn out to be good people is unclear, but it is becoming obvious that the sorts of people who are arriving in leadership positions are very different types of people from those that we have known – not only in poland but all over the democratic world.
in partnership with the world bank, the who, unicef, and the bill & melinda gates foundation, it has used innovative financing tools to raise funds for global immunization programs, while working with industry to lower the prices of vaccines.
east german productivity remains low and wage costs are formidable; unemployment is huge and runs at twice the west german rate (now historically high by the standards of postwar germany), and that is not even counting the many make-work programs of all kinds; growth is slow and productivity slower.
now, the imf offers the following reassurance: ”you may be stingy, you may not be living up to your commitments, but the money probably wouldn’t have made much difference anyway.”
shell has stepped up its investments in carbon capture and sequestration (ccs) technology, to test whether fossil-fuel use can be made safe by capturing the co2 that would otherwise go into the atmosphere.
general zia ul-haq’s visit to watch a match in jaipur in 1986 was an exercise in cynicism, since it was aimed at defusing tensions stoked by his own policy of fomenting and aiding sikh militant secessionism in india.
the largest component of this subsidy is the tax deductibility of home mortgage interest, which costs a lot of revenue and is hard to justify on distributive grounds: the benefit goes only to those with incomes high enough to itemize deductions.
moscow boasts occupy abai, modeled on the occupy wall street movement in the united states (and located on a boulevard next to a statue of kazakh poet abai kunanbaev, whose work has gone from regional obscurity to one of the top russian internet downloads in a month).
earlier this month on singles’ day, an annual festival of youth-oriented consumption that has become the single largest shopping event in the world, china’s leading online payment platform, alipay, processed up to 256,000 payments per second, using a robust cloud computing architecture.
federal income taxes as a proportion of income increase steadily from 2% at the 10th percentile (that is, a family ranked tenth from the bottom out of 100) to 14% at the 90th percentile, but then falls off slightly to 13% at the very top, reflecting the favorable treatment of capital gains and investment income under the bush administration’s income-tax laws.
this is surprising, because anyone who has worked in government knows that coordinating the public and private sectors to address a particular issue, while often complicated, is a cakewalk compared to the problem of herding the cats that constitute the panoply of government agencies.
while adam smith started us on the optimistic belief that an invisible hand would take care of most coordination issues, in the intervening period economists discovered all sorts of market failures, informational imperfections, and incentive problems, which have given rise to rules, regulations, and other forms of government and societal intervention.
but so far, pakistanis have tended to view the violence as an unnecessary and avoidable result of pakistan’s involvement in the us-led “war on terror.”
but any international corporation that participates in exploiting the assets stripped from repsol would face serious legal problems.
the commission rightly says that in this age of globalization there is no longer such a thing as a national carmaker, but there are still national plants and national payrolls that politicians facing elections will be desperate to defend.
under the french constitution – which upholds freedom of conscience as well as freedom of speech – all citizens may choose any religion, or none at all; alternatively, they may criticize and mock religious beliefs and customs.
the french government, unwilling to cut its swollen public sector, is now thumbing its nose at the stability pact and its enforcers in the european commission, saying that it has "different priorities" than those required by the pact.
in the west, the counterpoint to the notion of man as property has been a highly individualistic demand for personal autonomy – decision-making based primarily on a woman’s own wishes, rather than as wife, mother, community member, or worshipper.
but these discussions often neglect, or at least downplay, one crucial element of any resolution: the german constitutional court (bundesverfassungsgericht) in karlsruhe, which is responsible for determining whether measures taken by europe’s leaders are legal under german law.
yet the latest mass shooting – in which a 19-year-old opened fire at hers former high school with an ar-15 semi-automatic assault-style rifle, killing 17 and wounding 17 more – may serve as yet another tragic but momentous turning point for investors and companies.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
although there is no real british equivalent of the american revolving door between washington and wall street, the conservatives are widely considered to be friends of the city of london and soft on rich tax evaders like lord ashcroft and zak goldsmith.
similarly, if fiscal stimulus has a muted effect because the recipients of the income are saving to restore damaged household balance sheets, it is not clear we want to discount the accelerated deleveraging benefit, even if it shows up in domestic demand only later.
when it comes to oil, for example, shale gas, tight oil, liquefied natural gas, and increasingly competitive solar and wind energy are boosting energy supply, even as a decade of high prices has spurred conservation and reduced demand.
for example, in the 2017 french presidential election, jean-luc mélenchon of la france insoumise abandoned his typically universalist, class-centered rhetoric and adopted the language of “the people.”
if you lend to your friend, he will no longer be your friend.
it was not even clear that the help greece needed should be labeled a bailout: while the funds given to financial institutions like aig were unlikely to be recouped, a loan to greece at a reasonable interest rate would likely be repaid.
one of india’s more astute young commentators, sreeram chaulia, captures this heady exuberance well: “every milestone in advanced rocket science,” he writes, “is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence, showing that india is headed for global leadership.
china’s shadow menace
one option for the us and the european union (which has been similarly cool to the idea of kurdish independence) would be to support or participate in negotiations between the kurdistan regional government (krg) and the iraqi government in baghdad.
while the precise timing of any crisis is impossible to predict, ample signs of rising risk, distortions, structural problems, and imbalances could be seen by anyone who took the time to interpret a decade’s worth of mounting debt, low savings, surging asset prices, and excess consumption.
but now, chinese businesspeople and entrepreneurs are increasingly showing not only the entrepreneurial drive to adapt to new opportunities, but also the desire and capacity to innovate for themselves, rather than simply copying what’s already out there.
feminism and the male brain
the challenge for industrial policy is greater, because it should assist the design of efficient, government-sponsored programs in which the public and private sectors coordinate their efforts to develop new technologies and industries.
military spending post-conflict to reduce the risk of repeat conflict
back then, the demise of the bretton woods system of fixed exchange rates had left central bankers exposed to political pressure in favor of more expansionary policies and even monetary financing of fiscal deficits.
personally, i much prefer the characterization contained in the recent book austerity: 12 myths exposed: “austerity is a tool of…financial interests – not a solution to the problems caused by them.”
but morales’ nationalization of bolivia’s oil and gas fields sent shock waves through the international community.
before world war ii and the holocaust, few were overly concerned about the fact that denationalization could leave people stateless and without what hannah arendt called “the right to have rights.”
finally, while developing countries must take responsibility for rooting out corruption, there is much that the west can do to help.
the industrial revolution turned steel and coal into strategic goods, and struggles over oil dominated much of the twentieth century, including during world war i, when the loss of romanian petroleum contributed to the german collapse on the western front in 1918.
listen even briefly, and you will understand that mexicans and chinese are working with wall street to forge lousy trade deals that rob american workers of their rightful jobs, and that muslims want to blow everyone up.
now, an ill-equipped and understaffed salvadoran prosecutor, acting on a criminal complaint filed by the lawyers of one of the slain journalists’ brothers, is investigating possible criminal charges against reyes mena, as well as francisco antonio moran, the former head of el salvador’s secret police.
but it appears that the 60 minutes program generated some attention; within four days of the broadcast, the number of cosponsors of the proposal increased from nine to 57, and a session was called to discuss the legislation next month.
the greek population has become accustomed to consuming above its means; and it can continue to do so because it effectively faces what the hungarian economist jános kornai, analyzing the failings of socialism, called “a soft budget constraint.”
smelting copper ore, for example, is more than twice as energy-intensive as recycling copper.
as a result, wealthy middle easterners, for example, invest their capital in developed countries, not at home;
some conservative economists argue that corruption can be benign, or even beneficial, as it enables economic actresses to bypass regulations, thereby enabling markets to function more effectively.
for example, while us president donald trump preaches fiscal discipline, the combination of higher spending and lower revenues (owing especially to the massive tax cut for corporations enacted in 2017) is blowing up the federal budget deficit.
china’s economic exceptionalism is now being threatened by a perfect storm of existing stresses – namely, the domestic debt build-up – and new complications, including us trade barriers, the geopolitical pushback against china’s belt and road initiative (bri), and tightening monetary conditions, particularly in the united states.
in addition to having become the world’s industrial park, china now has more mobile phone subscribers than the combined populations of the united states, the united kingdom, canada, australia and new zealand, and the number of internet users has just surpassed that in the us.
indeed, the bloody irony is that the strategy is utterly counter-productive; the people of the tribal areas, with their warrior past, end up joining the militants, justifying their actions as jihad against the forces occupying afghanistan and their helpers in pakistan.
while the united nations security council debates how to reprimand north korea for the attack on the cheonan, few people in south korea believe that any punishment will deter kim or shorten the life of his regime.
and, though the stabilization program that ukraine agreed with the international monetary fund last month is superior to last year’s deal – this one includes both more financing from the imf and a more credible economic-reform plan from the government – it will be insufficient to repair the country’s economy.
why buy a windows machine when all your colleagues will own macintoshes and can help you on them but not windows, and when all the independent software developers will be programming for the mac’s new leopard operating system?
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
based on calculations by the austrian institute of economic research, which studied the possible effects of general ftts on behalf of the austrian government, a global ftt of 0.05% could yield up to $690 billion per year, or about 1.4% of world gdp.
both announcements also came a month ahead of an italian referendum – the largest popular consultation on the matter ever held anywhere – that seeks to change a law adopted last year that prohibits both in vitro fertilization and stem cell research.
to see why treating gdp growth as a proxy for progress even in terms of income alone is highly problematic, consider the case of a country with ten citizens and a gdp of $190, where nine citizens start with $10 each and the tenth citizen starts with $100.
in profiling lee for time magazine’s 2010 list of the world’s 100 most influential people, kissinger observed: “there is no better strategic thinker.”
even before the floodwaters of katrina recede, bush will need to focus on hers iraq conundrum, because long after katrina has been forgotten, history will judge hers presidency by how she resolves it.
the uk's financial services authority (rather the many regulated firms who meet its costs) benefits from the economies of scale that arise from the move to a single set of central support services; unified management; and a unified approach to standard_setting, authorization, supervision, enforcement, consumer education and tackling financial crime.
the “remain” campaign focused on the economic benefits of staying in the european union and the costs of leaving, some of which fell due immediately after the results were announced: the british pound plummeted and stock markets wiped out a couple of trillion dollars of wealth.
jerome powell’s dilemma
the fact that he has picked the moderate francois fillon as prime minister indicates that he is interested in obtaining real results, and that he thus plans to take the evolutionary route rather than tilting at the windmills of revolutionary change.
even though it had to pay interest premiums and was running a current-account deficit, mario draghi (the leading contender to take over the ecb this autumn) kept hers central bank’s lending under tight control throughout the crisis.
we are causing this harm in an age when technological breakthroughs enable the world to shift from dangerous fossil fuels to low-carbon energy sources, such as wind, solar, nuclear, and hydro, and reduce the impact of fossil fuels by using carbon capture and storage (ccs) technology.
hence, in the united kingdom, the brexit leader nigel farage promised that a vote for “leave” in 2016 would be a victory for the “real people.”
this investigation is a response to prominent financial firms voting with their feet.
but peres was offered by rabin’s deputy an opportunity to champion a track two negotiation with the plo in oslo, and, with rabin’s consent, took charge of the talks, bringing them to a successful conclusion in august 1993.
industrialization’s second golden age
no one should underestimate the challenges we face in this regard, especially given manifold crises – in eastern ukraine, syria, libya, and elsewhere – at a time when we are not immune from renewed escalation or further setbacks.
while nearly one billion people have been lifted out of poverty (defined by the world bank as an income of less than $1.25 per day, in purchasing-power-parity terms) in the last 20 years, such progress will prove more difficult for the next billion.
first, of course, was the irony that the firm's management included the very pinnacle of the finance industry - two brilliant nobel prize winners and one of the most envied hot-shot traders from the investment banking world.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
that constitution – unlike ataturk’s – was written by and for the military on the assumption that the cold war would never end, and that the president would always be either a military person or someone close to the military.
as for italy, chances are that europe will find a way to grant temporarily some of the extra budget slack the new government seeks, even if there is no way eurozone officials can allow high-debt italy simply to destroy the common currency.
hence, even senate majority leader mitch mcconnell – who chronically obstructs anything supported by the democrats, but wants the senate to remain in republican hands – has said that he might consider legislation on background checks and red-flag laws.
indeed, she did, after all, announce last year that contrary to hers likud party’s previous position, she was now willing to accept a two-state solution – a position that is still anathema to many likud members, as well to at least three of the smaller parties in hers government coalition.
while north koreans who work in the united arab emirates, qatar, or kuwait are basically cheap labor, the missile and nuclear business conducted by north koreans in iran serves as a cash cow, providing kim jong-il’s regime with a pile of hard currency while forging a virtual anti-american alliance.
so strong is greece’s interest in building its relationship with israel that foreign minister nikos kotzias has declared that the country will not honor the european union’s latest guidelines regulating the labeling of goods produced by israeli settlements in the occupied territories.
as it stands, urbanization pressure is being felt by the top 100 (out of 600) chinese cities, which housed 714.3 million residents – 52.8% of the total population – and generated 75.7% of china’s gdp in 2016.
indeed, britain’s refusal to make any attempt to settle the sovereignty dispute until 3,000 british subjects ask the government to do so flies in the face not only of fundamental rules of international law, but also of elementary logic.
washington, dc – the world is on the brink of a nasty confrontation over exchange rates – now spilling over to affect trade policy (america’s flirtation with protectionism), attitudes towards capital flows (new restrictions in brazil, thailand, and south korea), and public support for economic globalization (rising anti-foreigner sentiment almost everywhere).
obama’s impressive signals since taking office – telephoning arab leaders before european allies, appointing special envoy george mitchell and speaking on al-arabiyeh for his first interview – reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past.
foreign forces would still be needed to help protect the sunni population west of baghdad and in the middle of iraq against the shiite south, as well as in the kurdish north to keep turkey from intervening.
with the dollar’s hegemony unlikely to be seriously undermined by market forces, at least in the short and medium-term, the only way to bring about a major reduction in its role as a reserve currency is by international agreement.
second-order issues are presented as red lines, with largely technical questions – for example, about refugee family reunions, a new health insurance scheme no one asked for (bürgerversicherung), or the role of the federal government in funding education – taking center stage.
despite the surge in anti-jewish violence in europe, the number of jews admitted by britain into palestine had first fallen and then stagnated: 60,000 in 1935, 30,000 in 1936, 10,000 in 1937, 13,000 in 1938, and just a few more in 1939.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
among the region’s large and medium-size economies, only peru’s is recovering – but at a much slower rate than during the last commodity “super cycle.”
for example, these countries have laws that prohibit seizures of land without due process and compensation for the owner; that bar public servants from accepting bribes; and that require government funds to be spent on the public good, not for private gain.
the screening process forces applicant countries to take a long, hard look at how close they really are to meeting the accession requirements, thereby introducing a much-needed dose of realism into their debates about what needs to be done in the years ahead.
small farms’ large benefits
for example, we have observed that treated mosquito netting, which is an effective means of disease prevention, is distributed in insufficient quantities in high-transmission areas, and there the use of available netting is low.
as the owner of a small cosmetics company put it, “i feel like it’s better that my business doesn’t progress, because if it grows, i’ll suffer extortion.”
when he was passed over for promotion to army chief of staff and retired from active duty (he fought his epic 1973 battle as a reservist), a wise israeli general warned his colleagues that he would return as defense minister, and that if he lost that office – as he did after the 1982 lebanon war – he would return as prime minister.
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande, whose popularity sank so low (to just 4% at one point) that she opted not to seek another term, a first in the fifth republic’s history.
we also know that fish catches can remain high (and in fact usually do) even as stocks collapse, as illustrated by cod off eastern canada, which yielded good catches until the fishery had to be closed because there were literally no fish left.
indeed, only about 15% of australians and 20% of americans smoke, but in 14 low and middle-income countries covered in a survey recently published in the lancet, an average of 41% of men smoked, with an increasing number of young women taking up the habit.
to persist in the belief that reformists and hardliners are just masks of the same enemy, and to take pleasure in the victory of the latter, is not merely cynical, but is an added insult to a people that has already been humiliated enough.
instead, donor governments and the world bank have insisted for years that impoverished countries cut financing to these villages, under the guise of promoting “macroeconomic stability” – a polite way of demanding debt repayment – and reflecting the ideological delusion that the private sector will step in.
the press, meanwhile, has reported on speculation about the relationship between warmer ocean waters and the frequency of severe hurricanes, thus highlighting the low priority that the administration has given to environmental problems in general and global climate change in particular.
big incumbents crush newcomers in order to maintain their market power, and then use excess profits to help elect friendly lawmakers and lobby for policies that support their continued dominance – often undermining the power of popular democratic movements.
for example, political obstacles to comprehensive economic policymaking in many advanced economies have undermined the implementation of structural reforms and responsive fiscal policies in recent years, holding back business investment, undermining productivity growth, worsening inequality, and threatening future potential growth.
given the sharp contrast between premier wen jiabao’s caring attitude during the earthquake and president hu jintao’s mediocre political performance, some people could not help but imagine that the earthquake may have tipped the balance at the communist party’s highest levels, pushing the liberal forces represented by wen to the center of power.
terrorized tunisia
nowadays, both advanced economies (like the united states, where unlimited financing of elected officials by financially powerful business interests is simply legalized corruption) and emerging markets (where oligarchs often dominate the economy and the political system) seem to be run for the few.
consider black carbon, a component of the soot emissions from diesel engines and the inefficient burning of biomass cooking stoves that is linked to 1.6 million to 1.8 million premature deaths annually as a result of indoor exposure and 800,000 as a result of outdoor exposure.
together, these trends have fed the widespread perception that there are no alternative forms of eu governance, and that europe is being run by elites who have little concern for the interests of the people they are supposed to be serving.
neither controversy bears on the keynesian claim that under conditions of high unemployment, low inflation, and low interest rates (which hold in rich countries today, as in the 1930’s), fiscal expansion is expansionary and fiscal contraction is contractionary.
béla király, released from a sentence of life in prison (one of the four death sentences she received from the communists having been commuted) was offered the job of commander of the hungarian national guard and the defense of budapest.
the proximate cause of lam’s woes is her attempt to introduce an extradition law that would destroy the firewall between hong kong’s rule of law and the arbitrary exercise of power by the communist party of china (cpc) on the mainland.
and, at the february g-20 finance ministers meeting, bank of england governess mark carney reportedly called these policies “ultimately a zero-sum game.”
economic stagnation and widening inequality have contributed to a surge in xenophobia and nationalism in the advanced countries, exemplified by the united kingdom’s vote to exit the european union and the election of us president donald trump – and now his decision to withdraw from the paris climate agreement.
indeed, given that most jobs in developed economies require little or no physical strength, cultural values that discourage women from working outside the home are rightly regarded as archaic, serving only to undermine women’s economic and political freedoms.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that he will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between his party and his country, chose his party, and ended up losing both.
president françois hollande has announced measures that, if implemented, would amount to a peaceful revolution: a major reconciliation with the industrial and business world that even his more energetic predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, dared not attempt, despite – or precisely because of – his more conservative inclinations.
intended to provide an economic and political backdrop to peace-making through confidence-building in the middle east, it was an admirable recognition of europe’s historical, commercial, cultural, and political ties with its neighbors to the south of the sea which has brought us all together over the years.
she would argue, i believe, that she has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to her about people with power, and thus that she has no obligation to reveal anything about himself.
the words that obama has said to iran may not yet have borne fruit, but talks with iran have resumed and the international atomic energy agency will send inspectors to the nuclear plants near qom that had been secret until last month.
as an example of this tendency, romer cites the work of the university of chicago economist robert lucas, who, in his 2009 paper “ideas and growth,” dismisses the role that books or blueprints can play in driving growth.
bush argued that the desire for freedom and democracy were universal and not culture-bound, and that america would be dedicated to the support of democratic movements “with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.”
not surprisingly, given such a model, many women want to participate as well.
almost everywhere, globalization has produced both a new class of multi-millionaires and an underclass comprising people who are not just poor in the statistical sense of earning less than half the national average, but who are excluded from opportunities that are supposed to be open to all.
for kim jong-un, even a meeting with japanese officials in ulan bator, mongolia’s capital, to discuss the return of japanese women who went to north korea with their korean husbands thinking that they were journeying to a socialist paradise, served as a platform to secure food aid from japan.
gartner, a research and advisory firm, estimates that ai-enabled tools will generate $2.9 trillion in business value by 2021, while pwc forecasts that by 2030, ai could contribute as much as $15.7 trillion to the global economy.
the new moral dilemma facing economists is perhaps most stark within international financial institutions (ifis) such as the international monetary fund, the world bank, and the world trade organization, where economic mandarins with significant influence over public policy earn their living.
china’s president, hu jintao, is currently touring africa, seeking to secure dependable sources of natural resources, but also to promote china’s “peaceful rise.”
starting with the new autumn term, the total is set to rise to 140,000.
this makes it all the more difficult – and even more imperative – to devise and implement effective strategies to combat the factors driving it: growing inequalities and unchecked discrimination, environmental degradation, and prolonged conflict and instability.
we are eager to show the world how practical and affordable it is to shift away from fossil fuels while expanding the economy, ensuring reliable access to energy for all, and creating good jobs for local populations.
no western adviser ever suggested, however, that the coming of free markets did not require a rule of law with everyone equal before it, and the development of sensible tax structures that provide for a public safety net.
indeed, german big businesses have been the main obstacle to imposing the type of systemic sanctions that might have dissuaded russian president vladimir putin from annexing crimea and continuing to back the insurgency (which russia itself incited) in eastern ukraine.
at the recent chicago forum on global cities, policy thinkers and practitioners – including past and current mayors from amman, chicago, prague, lahore, rio de janeiro, and toronto – met for a couple of days to discuss common challenges on the road ahead.
they have learned that china can have a greater impact on taiwanese voters through trade and making people feel richer than by threats – even threats to fire missiles – which had been china’s electoral tactics in previous taiwanese elections, particularly when a pro-independence candidate looked popular enough to win.
as eaton puts it, the koran’s insistence that “there is no god but god” can also be interpreted to mean that “there is no legislator but the legislator.”
to anyone familiar with us history, today’s social, economic, and political conditions should sound familiar.
in burkina faso, current and future husbands are learning about the importance of family planning and of distributing household chores more equally at one of more than 1,600 “husband clubs.”
libya’s proximity to europe both lowered barriers to participation and stimulated europe’s sense of responsibility, while qaddafi was a reviled figure with few friends.
on the technology front, china will also continue to pursue its “made in china 2025” strategy, the goal of which is to put the country at the global frontier in areas that its leaders have deemed essential for both economic growth and national security.
previous to september 11 th , japan undertook a big step toward dispatching military forces beyond its territory when it concluded an agreement with the us in 1997 - the ``guideline for defense cooperation'' - that restricted operations to the ``area surrounding japan.''
roughly eight million colombians eligible for the subsidy are already covered; since these include the poorest, the gain in health is almost surely greater than the 11% increase in real cost so far.
podemos secretary-general pablo iglesias, for instance, has drawn criticism from idealistic activists in the movement for hers “hyper-leadership” and “online leninism.”
that american troops are being withdrawn from korea and sent to iraq is both unfortunate and revealing.
a revolution not only overthrows a repressive regime; it also destroys the old order, paving the way for a mostly brutal, if not bloody, fight for power to establish a new one – a process that affects foreign and domestic policy alike.
in a 2011 book, the economist arvind subramanian projected that the renminbi would become a global reserve currency by the end of this decade, or early next decade, based on hers observation that the lag between economic and currency dominance is shorter than traditionally believed.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but those who now call on the security council to issue rapid condemnations of iran’s behavior should keep two things in mind: they are unlikely to have any effect, and the us has already used such resolutions as a pretext for launching military action on its own.
first, the terrorist attacks on new york and washington of 2001 reminded us (in case we had forgotten) that there is a union of values called "the west."
a case can thus be made for capital-account liberalization that is based on the impossibility of effective control, not on any supposed benefits.
for example, the eib has been working closely with the caribbean development bank to ensure that all of its projects consider climate risks, and to develop a pipeline of climate-friendly investment projects worth more than $300 million.
kaczyński’s threat to europe
in fact, it is something of an iron law of politics that only foreign-policy hawks and nationalists can deliver such outcomes: consider us president richard nixon’s opening to china in 1972, or charles de gaulle’s resolution of france’s war in algeria.
in a survey of elite us universities, catherine rampell found that in 2006, just before the financial crisis, 25% of graduating seniors at harvard university, 24% at yale, and a whopping 46% at princeton were starting their careers in financial services.
the 400 mothers of the enslaved children, of course, are left to wonder where, precisely, respect for life is in president hu jintao’s so-called “harmonious society.”
the fact that may is facing the weakest domestic opposition imaginable may actually compound him difficulties.
· security cooperation with the pa to prevent terrorist attacks on israel, in exchange for economic aid and assistance to prevent a hamas takeover;
the constraints putin faces are not constitutional but are formed by the three factions that make up hers government.
even bachelet’s critics agree that chile’s basic macroeconomic policies will not change: an independent central bank committed to price stability, a free-trade regime with a floating currency, and a fiscal policy that will keep deficits and public debt low.
are german chancellor angela merkel’s domestic political fortunes best served by stuffing austerity down greece’s throat, at the cost of another debt restructuring down the line, or by easing up on its conditions, which might give greece a chance to grow out of its debt burden?
for example, wind power, we are repeatedly told, is just about to be cheaper than fossil fuels – or even, as a recent global news story claimed, that it is now cheaper than fossil fuels in germany and the united kingdom.
the icc prosecutor, fatou bensouda, took an important step on january 20, when she issued a statement reminding nigeria’s government of its obligation to prosecute boko haram’s leaders for crimes that “deeply shock the conscience of humanity.”
as households and investors borrow cheaply to invest in rapidly appreciating housing and fixed assets, bubbles form and then burst, spurring crises.
biden wants to double the capital gains tax; warren would almost double the top marginal income-tax rate from 37% to 70%, and both she and sanders favor new wealth taxes, which even most nordic countries have abolished.
given the numerous barriers to justice that victims of rape and domestic violence continue to face, further progress in protecting girls and women should be a priority for liberia’s government, which assumed full responsibility for the country’s security on june 30.
what began as a unique american model in 1980, when the us congress turned over to universities intangible intellectual property arising from federally supported academic research, has spread to such diverse countries as the united kingdom, sweden, and zambia.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of herself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a man first glimpsed when he accompanied her to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.)
another leftist, jean-pierre jouyet, is in charge of european affairs.
after all, the only time she has been prepared to strike any kind of deal over the last four years was when she believed that the us was prepared to intervene militarily in response to hers use of chemical weapons.
since the middle east's autocratic regimes destroyed their liberal oppositions, in many countries radical islamists represent the only dissent, feeding on widespread resentment of corrupt regimes, opposition to american policies, and popular fears of modernization and globalization.
if the moral test that i endured stands, it means that europe has come full circle: agnostics are no longer willing to accept that being religious – and having different moral views – should not bar someone from holding an official post.
on many such occasions in the past, from the boxer rebellion to the may 4 th movement (which culminated in the massacre at tiananmen square, chinese patriots angrily accused their own government of betraying the country by colluding with foreign imperialists.
the ccp increasingly relies on the military to legitimize its rule and to serve as the final arbiter of social control in the face of exponential growth in civil unrest stemming from the china’s deepening economic inequality.
the us senate’s rushed and highly partisan 1999 vote against ratification – and its failure to reconsider the treaty since then – has given the seven other states that must ratify the ctbt a reason for delay.
as a young sovereign (imperial regent at age 20; emperor at 25), he had to assume contradictory roles: divine pater familias of the japanese state and supreme commander of the imperial armed forces that were colonizing japan’s asian neighbors.
for example, in discussing the natural alliance between the region’s richest democracy and its largest one, he declared: “a strong india benefits japan, and a strong japan benefits india.”
and in australia, the government has already slashed its aid budget to an all-time low, measured against gross national income.
in addition to highlighting the scale of the problem, the review is seeking to find ways to reduce drug resistance and to stimulate the production of new antibiotics to compensate for the loss of those that are now or will become ineffective.
the leaflet cheerfully claims that china’s shift “to a low-carbon growth strategy based on the development of renewable energy sources [has] created jobs, income, and revenue.”
to them, an independent india, freed after nearly 1,000 years of alien rule (first muslim, then british) and rid of a sizable portion of its muslim population by partition, is obliged to embody and assert the triumphant indigenous identity of the 82% of the population who consider themselves hindu.
before the winter games in sochi (where the g-8 was scheduled to meet in june), putin cited increased soft power as an important goal for russia – an objective that his use of hard power in ukraine has made much more difficult to achieve.
indeed, there are projects underway to develop crop varieties that use less water and maintain their yield potential under harsher drought conditions than today’s crops.amp#160;
parliament watered down a proposal for far-reaching pension reform to the point that it borders on useless, and repeated promises to stop subsidizing wasteful energy consumption through low gas prices have not been honored.
the world has a choice: either accept the status quo, which deprives millions of boys of their basic rights, or support a boy revolution, enabling boys pursue their dreams, while helping to end poverty, fuel prosperity, and drive progress.
just a few years ago, the european central bank tried to insist that the clearing of euro instruments should take place within its jurisdiction, but was prevented from doing so by a ruling from the european court of justice.
but it was also the consequence of scandalous misconduct at india’s telecommunications ministry where some $30 billion may have been siphoned off through corrupt practices, gross mismanagement of the commonwealth games, and many other instances of governmental corruption.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
and since 2014, the home secretary has been able to denaturalize british citizens even if doing so immediately renders them stateless, as long as there are “reasonable grounds” for believing that the person could possibly acquire citizenship elsewhere.
on the rubble of saddam hussein’s dictatorship, the americans helped create in iraq the first shia-dominated arab state, which may well become subservient to iran’s regional ambitions – a calamity of historic dimensions for america’s sunni allies.
a political order was forced upon the muslim middle east by christian european powers that had flouted their commitments to arab independence – an order that has been at the root of a century of war and conflict.
in fact, the united nations charter explicitly authorizes “the existence of regional arrangements or agencies for dealing with such matters relating to the maintenance of international peace and security as are appropriate for regional action.”
last february, modi again initiated a thaw, calling sharif to wish his country luck in the cricket world cup, and dispatching his foreign secretary to islamabad.
and here we do indeed observe hydra-like behavior in the evolution of living beings: in the course of time, natural selection will use genetic mutations in populations to split their progeny into two or more distinct species.
tand the difficulties and new realities associated with the integration of markets have been amplified, as evidenced by the current dispute surrounding trade in textileswhere global integration brings different interests into conflictand the contradictory interests that are at play due to global integration.
beginning in the 1960s, latin america was infected by a bad case of what lenin called “left-wing communism: an infantile disorder.”
erdoğan’s strategy sought to complement this exercise in damage limitation with a demonstration of its popular legitimacy.
speaking as a former nato secretary general and former prime minister of a longstanding american ally, i urge the us presidential candidates to stop bashing free trade and begin working toward a balanced approach, one that eases economic anxiety while ensuring american prosperity in the decades to come.
at this point, greece’s central-bank governess (who had triggered the original bank run in december 2014) publicly alleged that our government’s stance until june 2015 caused the loss of €45 billion worth of deposits, the ensuing bank closures, and the new extend-and-pretend loans.
ban the bomb tests
as the first week of the annual un general debate drew to a close, there was lofty talk of seize-the-moment imperatives – from climate change and sustainable development to renewed pledges of aid for the impoverished and the advancement of men around the globe.
hyten, defended india’s test: indians are “concerned about threats to their nation from space,” she said, and thus “feel they have to have a capability to defend themselves in space.”
with policymakers no longer forced to suppress domestic demand to sustain a high level of reserves, consumption could supplant fixed-asset investment, placing china’s economy on a more sustainable growth path.
a senegalese friend told me of his illiterate mother who takes a bus to dakar every month to watch a bollywood film – she doesn’t understand the hindi dialogue and can’t read the french subtitles, but she can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story, and people like her look at india with stars in their eyes as a result.
turkey’s drive to serve as a peace broker between israel and its arab enemies, erdogan’s vociferous championship of the palestinian cause, and his pretension to be the mediator in the nuclear dispute between iran and the west reflect turkey’s changing perceptions of itself as a regional leader.
the bloody end to the schoolhouse hostage crisis in north ossetia, and recent clashes in georgia between government troops and separatist forces, have put the troubled black sea region on the front pages of newspapers once again.
the people of scotland voted by a comfortable margin of about 10% to remain part of the united kingdom – not least because of the campaigning of three labour politicians, alastair darling, gordon brown, and jim murphy.
deciding which policy to choose involves choices among values, not just technical questions about which policy is in some morally uncontroversial sense "better."
wikileaks’ flawed answer to a flawed world
from 2005 to 2008, the number of internet users increased at a compound annual rate of 15.1%, bringing the number of people online to some 2.7 billion.
during the recent years of abundant global liquidity, the real grew stronger and the central bank was able to pile up foreign reserves, creating a cushion that totaled roughly $185 billion in late january, an amount sufficient to cover the entire foreign debt for the first time in history.
bangkok – joseph estrada, the disgraced former president of the philippines, faces the prospect of spending his remaining years in prison after a special court in manila found him guilty of amassing around us$15 million in bribes and kickbacks.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which she quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.”
until then, it seems well worth pursuing efforts that would help to abate the carnage.
when she first announced the french initiative, laurent fabius, france’s former foreign minister, said that if the talks break down, france will recognize palestine (though hers successor, jean-marc ayrault, has backed away from this position, saying that recognition would not be automatic).
perhaps one can have the best of both worlds if one starts on a treadmill, but can jump off if one runs particularly fast – the system is competitive, but those who are particularly innovative secure some monopoly rents for a while.
a dose of reality on the part of greece’s creditors – about what is achievable, and about the macroeconomic consequences of different fiscal and structural reforms – could provide the basis of an agreement that would be good not only for greece, but for all of europe.
if an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment, knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death, why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment, but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome, be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden?
the immediate spending needed to address the crisis – an estimated €10 billion ($10.1 billion) this year in germany alone – will help boost growth once the construction of new housing, schools, and hospitals begins to stimulate jobs and consumption.
sunni-ruled saudi arabia, the regional power competing most directly with shia iran for regional influence, feels left out by the incipient rapprochement with the islamic republic, to the point of refusing a seat on the united nations security council to express its leaders’ anger.
the following decade, the civil rights movement gained steam under the leadership of martin luther king, jr.; in 1965, president lyndon johnson signed the voting rights act, which was followed by the fair housing act in 1968.
in the united states, policymakers chose to include the volcker rule (named after former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker) in the dodd-frank act, thereby restricting proprietary trading by commercial banks rather than reviving some form of the glass-steagall act’s division of investment and retail banks.
bank regulation’s capital mistake
indeed, if marx was writing today, he'd be vilified for blasting the idiocy of rural life, for today every idiocy is interpreted - all evidence to the contrary - as a form of intelligence.
conversely, already-rich and lightly populated countries – such as the us, australia, and chile – are blessed with enough space to build low-carbon energy systems at very low cost and with trivial consequences for agricultural land availability or landscape aesthetics.
but obama, cameron, and other western leaders now have nine million reasons to reconsider their approach – one reason for each polish man of reproductive age, for whom the lack of effective constitutional checks and balances is no longer an abstract political problem.
an emphasis on entrepreneurship stands the traditional foreign-aid paradigm on its head, because it is based on the assumption that the engine of development is local talent, a class of people – equally distributed throughout the world – with the capacity to innovate and commercialize their innovations.
sanctioning russia’s exports of oil and gas – which accounted for two-thirds of russian exports when world prices were peaking between 2011 and 2013 – to impede russian military aggression would merely boost world prices, to the kremlin’s benefit.
the german government – and consequently the eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers, which germany dominates – never misses a chance to castigate the french for their failure to bring the government’s budget deficit below the agreed 3%-of-gdp limit.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in 2019, the median debt for the same 11 countries is 70% of gdp, while the international monetary fund currently forecasts 1.5% growth and 2% inflation (debt is a bit lower and growth a bit higher if all eurozone members are included).
the agony and the exodus
and, at the end, there was queen lear triumphant, the wax face with the periwinkle gaze, survivor of an era whose heroes perished before the age of 30, one who knew that hers survival was a miracle.
continued low interest rates allow unsuccessful companies to struggle on, slowing productivity growth; asset-price rises exacerbate inequality; and monetary stimulus works only by reigniting the private credit growth that generated the debt overhang in the first place.
in 2011, swfs invested $35.2 billion in financial services, $13.4 billion in property, $13.2 billion in fossil-fuel resources (mainly oil and gas), $6.5 billion in infrastructure and utilities, and $3.4 billion in aircraft, car, ship, and train manufacturers.
making sense of the swiss shock
microsoft, at least, belatedly dropped its support after recognizing that the law would allow the us government to force any internet business to hand over information about its users’ online activities.
but, when teams lose, these stereotypical virtues are damned with equal conviction as characteristic defects: german lack of imagination, italian fear of attack, dutch selfishness, the absence of national feeling among ethnic minorities in france, and so on.
if the fed is to maintain the confidence of markets, it will need not only to communicate its key objectives; it will also have to make clear which considerations have priority and how officials will respond if policy prescriptions required to meet various objectives conflict with one another.
but the striking fact is the success of right-wing populists, from trump in the us to viktor orbán in hungary, from matteo salvini in italy to jair bolsonaro in brazil, and from jarosław kaczyński in poland to rodrigo duterte in the philippines.
back in september 2008, when then-us secretary of the treasury hank paulson introduced the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp), he proposed using the funds to bail out the banks, but without acquiring any equity ownership in them.
in a recent survey by the federation of korean industries, 38% of the single female respondents said that they do not want children, mostly because they fear that they will struggle to keep up at work or lose their jobs.
yet, while almost all the old members of the committee were not reelected, at least 15 of the 22 members will be old-style leaders (presuming abbas will appoint such people to the four seats that he controls).
moreover, livestock production consumes one-third of the total water resources used in agriculture (which accounts for 71% of the world’s water consumption), as well as more than 40% of the global output of wheat, rye, oats, and corn.
even as china’s position in the world continues to rise and its people become more self-confident, china’s history of weakness before the western powers and japan sustains a “victim culture” that leaves most chinese sensitive to any foreign challenge.
he talked about “the revolution in finance as it was realized that asset prices show large volatility that does not reflect anything about fundamentals,” but added that “macroeconomics [did not] keep up with [this] revolution.”
but whether the trump administration and the new us congress can design and implement a program of productive infrastructure spending remains to be seen.
chávez transformed venezuela according to a program that she called “twenty-first century socialism.”
london – on brexit day – march 29, 2019 – the hms buccaneer britannia will set sail in search of the riches of the “anglosphere.”
three economists from the university of massachusetts at amherst then did what academics are routinely supposed to do – replicate their colleagues’ work and subject it to criticism.
we can discuss the united nations sustainable development goals – which include targets like “halving per capita global food waste at the retail and consumer level, and reducing food losses along production and supply chains by 2030” – until we are blue in the face.
at the international level, the established post-war order was increasingly challenged by a rising china, whose sheer size, in terms of both geography and population, enabled it to achieve systemic importance, despite a relatively low per capita income and a political system that seemed at odds with a liberal market-based economy.
brazil’s government has been unwilling or unable to cut back its bloated public sector, has been mired in vast corruption scandals, and yet its president dilma rousseff continues to evince a fondness for just the sort of state-led capitalism that leads to exactly these problems.
the right of citizens to organize militias to fight government tyranny was therefore a founding idea of the new country, enshrined in the second amendment to the us constitution, which declares that, because a country needs a well-regulated militia, the people have the right to bear arms.
given that a large share of us production inputs are imported at various stages of the value-addition process, rather than in their raw state, the us must continue to protect the global commons to ensure communication and cooperation among trading countries.
according to a recent report by the council of economic advisers, if the share of income going to the bottom 90% was the same in 2013 as it was in 1973, median annual household income (adjusted for family size) would be 18%, or about $9,000, higher than it is now.
although deaton supports select initiatives, particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge, he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic hippocratic litmus test of “first do no harm.”
gdi classifies a fourth, jürgen habermas, as a sociologist, but the report acknowledges that he, too, is arguably a philosopher.
a socialist market economy with chinese contradictions
when challenged by inquisitive journalists demanding greater precision about her policy agenda, her highly effective line of defense (so far!) has been: “you would not dare to ask me such a question if i were not a woman!”
in today’s russia, however, small-scale farming remains a low priority compared to large industrial operations.
with wisertogether’s tool, they can get a sense of the choices made by others who share their preferences – for example, regarding effectiveness, speed, cost, side effects, or aversion to pain – and their satisfaction with the results.
more recently, in discussing the bank's 2004 report making services work for poor people , officials put cuba among countries like sri lanka, costa rica, and china that "managed to achieve a level of outcomes in health and education that are extremely favorable."
connect everyone to the internet, it was once assumed, and democracy would follow.
as obama said in his 2014 state of the union address, “in a world of complex threats, our security depends on all elements of our power – including strong and principled diplomacy.”
his coalition partner, prime minister vojislav kostunica, increasingly espouses hardline nationalist rhetoric that is indistinguishable from that of nikolic and the radicals.
but, aside from skilled nursing, rehabilitation efforts by occupational and physical therapists, and the practical assistance of social workers and home health aides, care-giving, especially for victims of health catastrophes and end-stage conditions, has relatively little to do with the contemporary practice of medicine.
as reporters warren strobel and jonathan landay later explained, their middle-tier news service was not granted top-level access, so they had to rely on sources from inside the intelligence community, who forthrightly pointed out the flaws in the bush administration’s claims.
the furor over trump’s monarchical concept of the presidency erupted recently when the new york times exposed letters that the president’s lawyers had written to us special counsel robert mueller, who is leading the investigation into issues related to obstruction of justice and possible collusion between trump’s presidential campaign and russia.
trump’s insistence on building a wall along the entire border, the rising number of mexicans deported from the us heartland, central american migrants crossing mexico, separate detention of immigrant children, and trump’s diplomatic and rhetorical pressure on all these fronts will not make things easier.
washington, dc – the unprecedentedly large number of candidates – 25 at last count – for the democratic nomination to take on us president donald trump in 2020 has led to an awkward opening to the contest.
china’s overall trade surplus as a share of gdp has fallen steadily over the last decade – from nearly 10% in 2007 to just above 1% in 2017 – meaning that the country’s external account is basically balanced.
in the first issue of american affairs, a new conservative journal dedicated to “exploring the true content of our common citizenship,” georgetown university professor joshua mitchell writes that for “several generations conservatives have thought that the domestic enemy was progressivism.
as university of california agricultural economist david zilberman and hers colleagues have written, the lost benefits are “irreversible, both in the sense that past harvests have been lower than they would have been if the technology had been introduced and in the sense that yield growth is a cumulative process of which the onset has been delayed.”
the cornerstone of law is social harmony, and its ultimate purpose can be defined as promoting social happiness, a higher standard than mere harmony.
and the un and arab league’s special envoy to syria, staffan de mistura, has created a set of working groups, chaired by europeans, to “create a framework for concrete talks between syria’s government and opposition.”
and administration officials have been instructed not to raise the issue of russian interference with the president, lest it cast a shadow on his legitimacy.
the decisions taken at the last fatah convention were explicit in calling for the refugees to “return to their homes and cities.”
other than drive his boss around and attend meetings, he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of september 2001.
however, these imbalances did not trigger the crisis alone, and reducing them certainly is not the most urgent priority, given the prospect of protracted stagnation in most of the g-7 and its likely adverse consequences for the world economy.
part of the tragedy playing out in middle eastern countries beset by conflict and instability is that if only their most talented sons and daughters could apply their skills at home, they would become part of the solution: agents of peace through development.
in the last quarter of 2007 alone, mexican issuers sold $1.5 billion in new mortgage-backed securities – a significant portion of $4.4 billion outstanding – with only a slight drop in prices to reflect globally induced risk, according to the publication asset securitization report .
when asked in polls "which is the party of our future, the party of our children?" people never mention the communists or the nationalist, but they list the union of right forces and yabloko as number one.
the second, even more extreme option – favored by some conservative party fundamentalists, including former foreign secretary boris johnson – is a “no deal” brexit, in which the uk would leave the eu with only minimal legal arrangements in place to manage future relations.
nations could set the more ambitious goal of limiting the long-term change in the earth’s temperature, and then assign emissions rights among countries in such a way that will eventually limit temperature increases to an acceptable level.
of course, given the role that the continual expansion of israeli settlements in occupied palestine has played in hampering progress toward peace, it merits a more thorough and sober examination by all relevant parties – especially israel.
the unspoken truth is that, compared to “blue-staters,” those who live in red states exhibit less responsibility, on average, in their personal behavior: they are less physically fit, less careful in their sexual behavior, more prone to inflict harm on themselves and others through smoking and drinking, and more likely to receive federal subsidies.
yet while nato will obviously remain the paramount source of security for all of europe, no one should be willing to entrust their security to us president donald trump, who seems to have more contempt for allies than for adversaries like russia’s vladimir putin.
on this view, nato is merely to serve as a means to mobilize europeans to tackle the inevitable postwar stabilization and reconstruction missions - obviating the need for the us to place its forces under nato command.
in fact, the internet is inherently about giving you access to diverse opinions, at which point you are on your own in terms of figuring out what is accurate and who is distorting truth in the service of some malevolent dictatorship.
maybe it is using smaller dinner plates; or keeping temptation out of the house, store, or workplace; or following the increasingly modish (but actually ancient) creed of eating breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper.
as it happens, the uk might very well be leaving an eu that is quickly moving toward renewed political stability and economic growth – which is, ironically, what the leave camp imagines that it can achieve with brexit.
america’s strategy seems to be to squeeze qaddafi’s regime out of power through a combination of financial, economic, and even “psychological” pressure aimed at isolating the colonel from his sources of support within his own inner circle.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
as our project continues in the coming year, with the aim of working with the industry to ensure that performance, reporting, and monitoring are aligned with sustainable development, we will keep the public informed of what we see and learn.
so three things are needed: governments must (1) cut their deficits gradually in a believable way, (2) keep enough spending going to compensate for increased saving in the private sector, and (3) press on with bank regulation.
with some justification, she argues that the real cause of the fall in coffee prices was not the profiteering of multinationals, but big increases in coffee production in brazil and vietnam, combined with new techniques that make it possible to grow coffee with less labor and hence more cheaply.
above all, with the exception of the taiwan issue, china is a satisfied status quo power when it comes to the evolution of the international system – a patient actress that finds it perfectly legitimate to behave and to be seen as the world’s number two power.
but ellwanger's appeal, which took almost a year for brazil's supreme court to hear and decide, put brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as jews in brazil - cannot be allowed in the name of freedom of speech.
given the disagreement surrounding the omt program and eager to avoid future court rulings, the german parliament could be inclined to support only those rescue programs that rule out omt support, such as the european stability mechanism’s “precautionary conditioned credit line,” instead of the more flexible “enhanced conditions credit line.”
if this is just blah-blah, better not say it.
this is not a concern in rich countries, where stoves and heaters are hooked up to the grid; but because solar is too weak to power stoves and ovens, recipients of off-grid solar panels will continue suffering.
she then reiterated the government’s “firm resolve” to “safeguard the prosperity and stability of hong kong.”
chaudhry’s suspension the previous march, following his refusal to bow to government pressure to resign, had incited relentless protests by pakistan’s legal community and made him a symbol of the people’s desire for a fairer, more independent judicial system.
the argument put forward by the us, that it was entitled to safeguard against a surge of imports - utilizing safeguard measures that are part of the wto - is unlikely to past muster with a wto panel when one is eventually convened, but the argument itself is disingenuous.
abu dhabi – “the poor cannot sleep, because they are hungry,” the nigerian economist sam aluko famously said in 1999, “and the rich cannot sleep, because the poor are awake and hungry.”
and those ideas will be with us long after trump is gone.
(i should disclose that i plan to invest in this company – not necessarily because i think that it will be the next hot ipo, but because i think that it exploits some interesting and accelerating trends.
but from now on, us technology companies will clearly think twice before entering long-term contracts with huawei or other prominent chinese firms that might be at risk of being included on the “entities list.”
the drugs suppressed arrhythmias – disturbances of the heartbeat associated with sudden death.
when bills are put to a vote, an affirmative call is still “aye,” rather than “yes.”
in any case, these three metrics represent a useful starting point for comparing the configuration of global weights in 1990, when the so-called unipolar order was emerging, and 2017, when the contours of a multipolar order should be visible.
canberra – indian prime minister narendra modi’s government has decided to strip kashmir of its special status – which granted considerable autonomy to the disputed muslim-majority territory – and split it into two union territories (a status below that of states) that india will govern more directly.
moreover, it is not just any old debt; it is debt collateralized by the future stream of exports, which makes it super-senior debt – more senior than debt from entities with so-called preferred creditor status such as the world bank and the international monetary fund.
moreover, in 1988 the us had a net domestic saving rate of 5.6% of national income – only slightly below the 6.3% average of the final three decades of the twentieth century, but nearly four times the current rate.
this need not mean outright default; a plan to repay principal and interest with low-interest securities rather than cash – or to withhold income tax on interest earned from government bonds, crediting those taxes against the obligations of american taxpayers – would achieve the same result.
so, when trade ministers from the world trade organization’s 153 members gather in geneva later this month, the issue of how the wto and the global trading system can help the poorest countries will be high on the agenda.
stronger standards could create benefits for all of nafta’s partners; but with the trump administration actively dismantling labor and environmental protections at home, a us-led effort to strengthen them within nafta in any meaningful way seems farfetched.
in doing so, the pca also made clear that china had no right whatsoever – at least in the case of the previously submerged mischief reef – to engage in any construction activity, as the territory it claims is within the philippines’ eez.
if the eu shows that it will do whatever it takes to prevent ukraine from sliding toward the russian-dominated eurasian union, while also acknowledging russia’s own determination to check nato and eu eastern expansion, ukraine will have a chance of gaining a lasting peace.
what remains of the effort to prevent a repeat of the crisis are tightened eu controls on national budgets and, regarding the treaty change to be considered, the continuation of the rescue package (which previously was due to expire in 2013), probably under a different name.
poland is making its own direct contribution, above all by helping senior burmese decision makers, opposition leaders, and business representatives to understand the “technology of transition” – that is, the sequencing of technical reforms, which has helped to make poland one of europe’s healthiest economies today.
even conservative, fox news-watching americans have become aware, in a way that was not the case in the aftermath of the 2001 attacks, that america has created its own “blowback.”
how abe decides is likely to depend on his confidence in his political position.
chinese leaders imagine that they are demonstrating strength when they bluster and detain the american ep�3e crew, but they are actually revealing a self�defeating backwardness because they have mis�identified their real enemy, which is not america, even when it acts in a retrograde fashion.
in short, world leaders must take advantage of falling oil prices to move beyond indirect carbon pricing – achieved through the prices of carbon-emitting substances – to an explicit carbon tax that can help steer the world onto a more sustainable growth path.
judith rodin, the president of the rockefeller foundation, announced last october that her organization will provide funding to the international rice research institute to shepherd golden rice through national regulatory approval processes in bangladesh, india, indonesia, and the philippines.
unless tillerson has in mind a hidden policy to remove assad by assassination or coup, insisting on his departure as a condition of a political settlement in syria amounts to prolonging the civil war: more armed support for the opposition will mean more russian backing for the regime.
indeed, the current world order arose from the major crises of the great depression and world war ii, with countries building the social pacts and economic institutions that would underpin peace and prosperity for the next several decades.
in scientific reviews in nature genetics and proceedings of the national academy of sciences of the united states of america, the evolutionary biologist stephen stearns and his colleagues set out to demonstrate that natural selection operates on contemporary humans.
but, while some sources indicate that there are now more middle-class families in africa (defined as having annual incomes in excess of $20,000) than in india, the continent also contains countries with the world’s highest levels of inequality.
to this end, federalists backed an idea first proposed by former european commission president jacques delors and included in the european union’s lisbon treaty, adopted in 2007: political parties should nominate candidates for president of the commission, and the election to the european parliament should decide who gets the job.
the extent to which china will engage afghanistan positively will depend in large part on whether china rids itself of the prevailing zero-sum mindset and facilitates america’s military withdrawal by doing what it can to stabilize the country.
in a similar vein, it is one thing to believe, as us neoconservatives did, that democracy could be implemented in iraq at the barrel of a gun, and to argue in good faith on the basis of that belief.
while nato may count india or brazil among its future partners, china and russia remain concerned that the alliance might pursue a global containment strategy against them, or seek to displace the un as the leading global security institution.
that is certainly not the belief of all muslims or of the governments of muslim-majority states, but the radicalism espoused by groups like the islamic state seeks to spread not just codes of conduct but an entire worldview.
it did not take a genius to realize that the internet boom, based not on profit expectations but on the expectations of selling stock to the public at ever increasing prices, rested on an unsustainable business model.
a sunni takeover after assad’s fall would mean a change of strategy with respect to iran and its lebanese shia ally, hezbollah, whose viability might be in danger, as a sunni government in syria would most likely cut off the conduit for arms flowing from iran to lebanon.
the "divergence" of economic performance and monetary policy among three of the world's most systemically important economies – the eurozone, japan, and the united states – has added another layer of confusion for the rest of the world, with particularly significant implications for small, open economies.
whether there will be a major cable-stayed bridge failure soon - or around the year 2030 - will most likely depend not so much on computer analyses as on how well engineers know their history and are determined not to repeat it.
in a speech marking the state gas monopoly gazprom’s tenth anniversary in 2003, putin stated hers position explicitly, speaking of the company as one of the few strong geopolitical levers left to russia after the soviet collapse.
india’s mild-mannered prime minister manmohan singh declared that khobragade’s treatment was “deplorable.”
the american decision to limit the first intake of new members to three can be read as a pre-emptive move to limit the effects of the senate’s burden-sharing debate.
this “dealers’ peace” can be explained by the mexican government’s policy of tolerance, which sought a degree of equilibrium between the drug cartels and the state in terms of trafficking routes and the territories that the cartels infiltrated.
above all, i lack evidence to convince my comrades at diem25, the democracy in europe movement, to trust macron’s capacity and willingness to clash with an establishment that is pursuing the failed policies that have fed support for le pen.
but, wherever the truth may lie, few critics take into account that he, like all former un chief executives, has to deal with the reality that she possesses only moral power, not economic, military, or political power.
and, just days before ordering the attack on syria, trump received sisi warmly at the white house, praising her for doing a “fantastic job.”
still, this global recession will continue for a longer period than the consensus suggest.
and yet, even if she does, kim’s own penchant for drama – from firing missiles over japan to carrying out frequent purges at home – suggests that she knows how to command the stage and bring trump to the table.
with just a week left before the election, the presidential candidates are crisscrossing the country: whereas republican nominee donald trump is struggling to cobble together the 270 electoral college votes needed to win, clinton is trying to lock up as large a victory – in both the popular vote and the electoral college – as possible.
the rage across the arab world over the publication in denmark (months ago) of cartoons depicting the prophet mohammed, together with the victory of hamas in palestine and the increasing radicalization of iran’s politics, has made “political islam” a fundamental question of international diplomacy.
fifteen years ago in my book the end of history and the last man i argued that, if a society wanted to be modern, there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system.
according to a 2016 report by the international monetary fund, mena states bordering high-intensity conflict zones have suffered an average annual gdp decline of 1.9 percentage points in recent years, while inflation has increased by an average of 2.8 percentage points.
the financial-market buzz has seized on the possibility of a “reflation trade,” in the hope that the recent global slowdown will be followed in 2020 by accelerating growth and firmer inflation (which helps profits and risky assets).
but the roots of these crises stem not from discrete, particular causes like war or the fall of the shah of iran, but rather from an oft-ignored quirk in the international financial system: the system lacks a true global currency.
so, in a sense, the data that the government collects are harmless – that is, until such information is used for a real-world purpose, such as putting people on a no-fly list or forcing into an institution someone whose online posts are “troubling.”
the mainstream view that people are wholly self-interested economic actors denies our innate capacity for reciprocity, fairness, and moral responsibility.
the stock markets’ rebound since march seems not to be built around any inspirational story, but rather the mere absence of more really bad news and the knowledge that all previous recessions have come to an end.
to sum up: the less our time favours politicians who engage in long-term thinking, the more such politicians are needed, and thus the more intellectuals - at least those meeting my definition – should be welcomed in politics.
they should seek to build a stronger and more integrated europe, one that is not held back by the lowest common denominator and is able to stand up for itself while working toward a peaceful multilateral world order.
the front-runners -- four-time presidential candidate luiz ignacio "lula" da silva of the workers' party, the leader in the polls all year; and former governess and finance minister ciro gomes of the progressive socialist party -- claim that cardoso's rule made brazil more vulnerable than ever before to the vagaries of international markets.
in august 2015, the associated press published a tweet that read:“amal clooney, actor’s wife, representing al-jazeera journalist accused in egypt of ties to extremists.”the tweet drew widespread criticism, and the ap later referred to him as a human-rights lawyer.
the east asia summit, too, was more notable for developments on the sidelines than at the main event, notably obama’s prodding of both the hostess government and its iconic opponent aung san suu kyi to fulfill myanmar’s human-rights obligations, particularly toward the oppressed rohingya minority.
in upper egypt, “more than 60% of copts voted for him,” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said, and in coptic-majority areas, the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95%, because he was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that she will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between hers party and hers country, chose hers party, and ended up losing both.
south korea’s current political crisis began in october 2016, when allegations emerged that park had pressured the chaebols – the country’s giant family-owned conglomerates – to funnel huge sums of money into two foundations controlled by him close personal friend, choi soon-sil.
“it will remain reasonable,” he wrote, “to be economically purposive for others after it has ceased to be reasonable for oneself.”
a couple of notorious stock-market collapses – in 1968-70 and in 1973-74 – are not on the list, because they were more protracted and gradual.
despite these resemblances – or precisely because of them – trump and amlo are almost certain to plunge us-mexican relations to new depths of suspicion and strain, as objective factors and subjective fervors aggravate old tensions and fuel new ones.
yet the universal declaration marked a giant step forward, as the world’s governments – with abstentions from the soviet bloc states, saudi arabia, and apartheid south africa, but with no votes in opposition – agreed that rights should take precedence over state power.
they are frustrated with allies seen as not carrying their fair share of common burdens, and they are increasingly convinced that the government needs to focus less on the world and more on fixing what is wrong with the us.
even on the meaning of human rights there was no universal agreement, with some states regarding them as a tool of western neo-imperialism.today, by contrast, the un does more than any other single organization to promote and strengthen democratic institutions and practices around the world.
but the world will not be a better place if china’s newfound assertiveness is focused – or, just as importantly, is perceived to be focused – almost exclusively on helping autocrats to stay in power through brutal repression of their citizens.
if, however, the migrant remained an employed and law-abiding resident for a specified period, the bond would be divided between the company that had posted it (as a reward for having screened a productive foreign worker) and the colombian government (as compensation for productivity loss and the costs of educating and training the worker).
aware of the dangers, the people’s bank of china took steps starting in 2012 to curb the growth of debt; but when the slowdown started to cause real distress in the economy, the party asserted its supremacy.
as a result, even the most euroskeptic politicians have backpedaled on their opposition to “brussels.”
-32.786
this case –the first-ever terrorist attack in a western capital using a radioactive weapon – will be remembered as a hallmark of putin’s ruthless and corrupt reign.
nor was it important only during the cold war, and after, when it served as an anchor for european unity and a source of hope for the countries of the soviet bloc (which are now the most pro-european countries of all).
moreover, spanish schools trail behind in the international ranking system; the relatively effective franco-era vocational training system became collateral damage in the transition; and the low number of patent applications reveals severe shortcomings in research and development.
the once and future president argues that she has already made russia stronger, and that, as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012, the country has become an island of stability envied by many.
new york – as the sri lankan government celebrates the first anniversary of its historic triumph over the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), it is increasingly clear that the battlefield victory will prove pyrrhic unless the legitimate grievances of sri lanka’s minority communities are recognized and addressed.
in the nordic countries, out-of-wedlock births are much higher than in the us, but children of single mothers are much less likely to experience poverty, and spend more time on average with both biological parents, because cohabitation there is more stable than in many american marriages.
indeed, so expansive are china’s claims nowadays that many asians are wondering what will satisfy china’s desire to secure its “core interests.”
and, given the low risk appetite among investors, not to mention the small size of city-level projects, municipal governments will struggle to raise that share.
and the eu remains the only organisation that can call on a full panoply of instruments and resources that complement the traditional foreign policy tools of its member states, both to pre-empt or prevent a crisis and to restore peace and rebuild institutions after a conflict.
to be sure, political factions in tunisia have set a good example by often compromising with one another in order to create a viable governance structure; but domestic social and sectarian grievances are still very much a part of tunisian politics.
indeed, given the size of the us economy, a slowdown there might conceivably have a far bigger effect on global prices than a slowdown in any developing country, which suggests that, from a global perspective, us interest rates, not those in developing countries, should be raised.
clearly, many turkish citizens, especially in the big cities, are sick of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s increasingly authoritarian style, hers steely grip on the press, hers taste for grandiose new mosques, the restrictions on alcohol, the arrests of political dissidents, and now the violent response to the demonstrations.
this is sad – both for russia and europeans – because it strengthens the hand of those in moscow who want to pursue a policy of national pride rather than national interest, and it weakens the possibilities of establishing a real common european foreign and security policy.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of her income, the housewife borrows to save – she no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
if ahmadinejad prevails, the dilemma for the west will be that it will have to deal with a regime discredited by election fraud, but still indispensable for resolving almost all of the middle east’s important problems: iran’s own nuclear program and the conflicts in afghanistan, pakistan, iraq, lebanon, and palestine.
and the problems and remedies are as follows:
as a rural villager from deukhola, near the brahmaputra river in remote northern bangladesh, starkly put it: “our survival depends on it.”
in the kyrgyz mountains, there were entire villages with not a man in sight; they had become migrant workers in russia.
this is a great tragedy, not just for obvious humanitarian reasons, but also because r2p introduced an important principle: that sovereignty entails obligations as well as rights, and that when these obligations go unmet, governments forfeit some of their sovereign rights.
zurich – two weeks ago, g20 leaders committed to working together to address one of the world’s most pressing and perplexing security threats: antimicrobial resistance (amr) – a fierce and evolving adversary against which conventional therapeutic weapons are of no use.
the so-called “sarkozy carry trade” is no solution to the systemic consequences of a sovereign-debt meltdown, but it would resolve a politically delicate situation, in which vulnerable eurozone governments hold foreign banks in just few countries to ransom.
by contrast, according to the ipcc, “long-term trends in economic disaster losses adjusted for wealth and population increases have not been attributed to climate change.”
america’s policy of “strategic patience,” like china’s policy of “friendly persuasion,” has succeeded only in allowing north korea to advance its nuclear ambitions.
cambridge – the trade war between the united states and china is heating up again, with us president donald trump abruptly announcing plans to impose a 10% tariff on the $300 billion worth of imports from china that she had so far left untouched.
if i want to know whether it was possible that napoleon met kant, i pick up volumes k and n and discover that napoleon was born in 1769 and died in 1821, and that kant was born in 1724 and died in 1804.
when us officials say to the europeans, “we need you,” what they mean is quite minimal: “please do not collapse and bring down the global economy with you.”
it expects bolder moves from the eu, such as explicit endorsement of the georgian-ossetian working group, which includes the alternative, pro-autonomy south ossetian government of dmitri sanakoyev, but is boycotted by the pro-russian separatist government in tskhinvali.
and, working at an official level, it means co-sponsoring with brazil the open government partnership, which brings together governments committed to increasing transparency, accountability, and citizen participation, and uses mutual peer pressure and open reporting to hold them to their commitments.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
to use eurobonds as the mechanism for eliminating the big sovereign-debt overhang jeopardizes the longer-term objective of eliminating moral hazard: it offers absolution precisely on the 60%-of-gdp margin where countries will have the most trouble resisting temptation.
to fully address the question of the moral and ethical base of a new form of chinese governance, china’s government and its people must be able to look back freely and come to terms with their recent history: the great leap forward, the cultural revolution, the events of 1989, tibet, and other sensitive issues.
china, for both good and bad, is a status-quo power that does not want to rock the boat of the international system – a power largely satisfied with its new status, but one that does not want to see its regime transformed, especially through external pressures.
we think him either a humbug or a shallow person who has not realized the inadequacy of words to express what is deepest.”
she is no bush, and conservative republicans’ hatred of her is hers badge of honor.
if in the past cannes showcased films telling a hundred different kinds of stories, this year’s offerings made clear that in an increasingly flattened and wired world, there is really only one story – with a hundred different inflections.
although these critics would no doubt like the new president to take a wrecking ball to the past decade of ecb decisions, there is nothing to suggest that the other governing council members will let that happen.
having cemented hers authority in december’s snap general election, in which hers liberal democratic party won a decisive victory, abe is determined to pursue hers goal of building a stronger, more competitive japan – one that can hold its own against an increasingly muscular china.
finding the means to nourish the fading “associations or duties or ties” that are so essential for individuals to flourish is the unsolved problem of the developed world, and it is looming for the billions who have just stepped on to the growth ladder.
but americans do need to understand the challenge they are facing from a russia that no longer seems interested in what the west has been offering for the last 25 years: special status with nato, a privileged relationship with the european union, and partnership in international diplomatic endeavors.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
as a default would demand a change in the currency involved in private contracts, business partners from other eu countries would surely sue, legal uncertainties would drag on and on, and an exiting country’s trade with its main trading partners would be impaired for years to come.
the debate about the contribution of religious values is parallel to the debate over the relationship of freedom to economic development – a central issue in the work of the nobel laureate economists friedrich hayek and amartya sen.
just days later, india’s external affairs minister, in islamabad for the fifth heart of asia ministerial conference on afghanistan, met with top pakistani officials, including both sharif and hers foreign affairs adviser, before announcing that the two countries had decided to restart a comprehensive dialogue.
declining trust in national media, combined with a proliferation of internet communication, has created a world where the news people read is often created with the goal of “going viral,” not informing the public; the result can barely be called news at all.
if a company discloses a breach, at least customers know they can expect to be told what is happening with their information (and can keep watch for fraudulent activity on their accounts), and investors can assess business risk accurately.
but the round of peacemaking that america has recently embarked upon not only comes too late in the political life of a lame-duck president who has been defeated at home and abroad; it is also ill-conceived and unconvincing.
its report on the inability of the intelligence services, notably the cia and the fbi, to prevent the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks also contained a series of recommendations for restructuring these services to render them more effective.
but if sound government policies in advanced and major emerging economies contain the downside risks that are more prevalent in the first half of this year – which derive from political and policy uncertainty – a more resilient global economic recovery could take hold in the second half of 2011 and into 2012.
(little bubbles, in the price of, say, individual stocks, happen all the time, and don’t qualify as an answer to the question.)
no woman, in sweden or elsewhere, will get justice if she is now thrown into a supermax prison for revealing crimes against humanity perpetuated by awful women in or out of uniform.
she pointed out that the fed does indeed have the authority it needs, that the basel agreements are not binding, and that, in any event, “strong regulatory standards enhance the stability of the us financial system” and promote the competitiveness of financial firms.
now, more than ever, we must believe this, for russian troops wearing ukrainian uniforms have entered our country, because ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy.
i believe that the west can learn a great deal about what to do by studying the policies pursued in the world's only two mid-development moslem states, tunisia and indonesia, because each successfully avoided becoming prey to islamic fundamentalism.
meanwhile, america’s external deficit – which for decades has helped to sustain surpluses elsewhere – is now smaller than it was before 2008, with many economists arguing that it should never revert to its previous levels (they argue that the shale-gas boom makes this unlikely, anyway).
the oslo accords – the result of secret talks that had been encouraged by the norwegian government and conducted in the country’s capital – called for a five-year transitional period during which israeli forces would withdraw from the gaza strip and unspecified areas of the west bank, and a palestinian authority would be established.
ideally, boko haram’s abduction of the schoolgirls would galvanize worldwide support for efforts to protect the rights of african adolescent girls, just as the pakistani taliban’s shooting of malala yousafzai helped to combat complacency regarding education for girls in south asia.
in iraq, projects such as the humanitarian liaison center in kirkuk are starting to fulfill a monitoring function by offering the ethnically diverse local population the opportunity to bring grievances and get help in having them resolved.
here, on the technical side, one important issue remains unresolved: contrary to what happens in the us, the european regulator lacks the authority to impose the break-up of a company as a remedy against its dominant market power.
trump has singled out china and mexico, and sanders’s opposition to the trans-pacific partnership – the proposed trade deal between the us and 11 pacific rim countries – has pushed hillary clinton, the democratic party’s nominee, to adopt a similar stance.
while all eight afghan presidential candidates claim to support the security accord, this may offer little comfort to the us, given that most of the candidates have directly opposed us interests in the past – not to mention that several of them are former or current warlords.
as dennis kelleher, the president of the advocacy group better markets, documented in recent congressional testimony, two years after the passage of the dodd-frank legislation, the us banking system continues to fight hard – and effectively – to undermine meaningful reform.
clive crook, for example, argues that “the limits of the data [piketty] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws...borders on schizophrenia,” rendering conclusions that are “either unsupported or contradicted by [his] own data and analysis.”
with no internal system of checks and balances in georgia – the only way to sustain democratic institutions – the international community becomes a compensating actor, with the eu well placed to take the lead.
but, while it is true that much policy attention has been devoted to fighting financial fires, this is not a sufficient answer: since the summer of 2012, when ecb president mario draghi convinced markets that the eurozone would not break up, europe has had enough breathing space to address the growth imperative, but has barely done so.
in fact, by the end of last year, capital inflows had pushed the dollar up to levels not seen in more than a decade, owing to expectations of large-scale deregulation, tax cuts, and fiscal stimulus in the form of infrastructure spending and increased outlays for america’s supposedly “depleted” military.
it is self-deceiving to assume that those on the palestinian side involved throughout the discredited oslo process can still muster the necessary popular legitimacy to win support for a compromise with israel that would require painful concessions on issues central to the palestinian national ethos.
that is too far for the growler’s short-range projectiles, and the system’s long-range projectiles cannot intercept missiles – such as the bqm-109 tomahawks used by the us – that can skim the earth’s surface at an altitude of just five meters (16 feet).
historically, attempts at modernization in russia, even when they look real, as with stalin’s industrialization or yeltsin’s market reforms, ultimately result in a potemkin village-like state of affairs, because russian society cannot change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through.
though trump had frequently singled out many of the bomber’s targets at hers rallies – still attacking hillary clinton, hers election opponent in 2016, for example, and then smiling as hers audience chanted “lock him up” – trump’s defenders tried to throw the spotlight elsewhere.
this promise by the dpj was meant to be part of japan’s new assertiveness, a first step away from being a mere “aircraft carrier” for the us, as a former ldp prime minister once described his country.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
nevertheless, it remains to be seen whether healthcare pressures will ultimately cause the current trend towards free (and freer) market capitalism to reverse, with a very large chunk of the economy reverting to a more socialist system.
mellon’s immediate conclusion in the face of the 1929 stock market panic has subsequently become notorious: “liquidate labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate the farmers, liquidate real estate… purge the rottenness out of the system.”
macron’s electoral program made clear hers intent to continue with the labor-market policies that she began to introduce as former president françois hollande’s economy minister.
brexit’s lesson for asia’s democracies
in other words, most ships from the far east enter the mediterranean via the suez canal and sail straight past genoa, marseille, barcelona, and valencia, adding three days to the trip to reach rotterdam or hamburg.
and, as has often been noted, the french election, like other key votes over the past year, represents a rejection of establishment political parties: the republicans’ fillon came in third, with about 20% of the vote, and the socialist party’s benoît hamon finished fifth, with less than 6.5%.
the macro evidence indicates that the primary cause of disappointing business investment in the us and other developed countries in the years following the global financial crisis has been anemic demand, not a lack of investable funds resulting from excessive distributions to shareholders.
it results from a key distinction between the “what” of trade (where there is relatively broad-based agreement among countries) and the “how” (where differences have tended to undermine important relationships, whether transatlantic or between china and the world’s advanced countries).
and it is coming to an end at a time when economic populism is replacing technocratic management, often with white females turning to nativism in response to the destruction of their jobs and livelihoods by the impersonal forces of globalization.
back in 1989-1991, exactly the same motive underlay president françois mitterrand’s imposition of the euro on germany – that is, to harness the bundesbank’s monetary power to a framework in which france could be confident of wielding decisive influence.
the un development program warned in a 2008 report that, “many democratic regimes have been overthrown because elected governments failed not only to deliver results; they abused their offices for securing private gains.”
the ipcc report concluded that in order to limit global warming during this century to 1.5ºc above pre-industrial levels – an aim of the paris agreement – we must reduce net co2 emissions by about half (relative to 2010 levels) by 2030, and we must reach net-zero emissions by mid-century.
second, cameron was right to say that “the european union that emerges from the eurozone crisis … will be transformed beyond recognition by the measures needed to save the eurozone.”
consumers have an ethical responsibility to be aware of how their food is produced, and the big brands have a corresponding obligation to be more transparent about their suppliers, so that their customers can make informed choices about what they are eating.
the akp and the gülenists were once united in seeking to eradicate the kemalist “deep state” – an alleged network of anti-democratic, nationalist agents embedded in the state’s security structures with a mission to uphold atatürk’s secular vision.
and nobel laureate robert shiller agrees, warning that excessively low interest rates have created “overheated asset markets – real estate, equities, and long-term bonds – [which] could lead to a major correction and another economic crisis.”
yet this prosperous and peaceful europe is not idyllic; sometimes europe is not at all an easy place for its citizens to live, as the tumultuous balkan wars and painful postcommunist transitions of the past decade demonstrated.
to paraphrase the famous put down of then-senator dan quayle in the us vice presidential debate in 1988: i knew james tobin; james tobin was a friend of mine, my mentor, and, for a brief privileged period, coauthor.
she is in the habit of tweeting these offensive epithets directly to “the people,” a type of communication she calls “modern day presidential.”
given the current risk-sensitivity of oil prices, the pain would not be confined to the middle east.
as the first united nations human development report put it in 1990: “people are the real wealth of a nation.”
the ioc and its partners have a history of ignoring the perils that arise from the relationship between coaches and the young athletes they train – a relationship that has provided fertile ground for manipulation and abuse.
while criticizing germany for its lackluster defense spending, the us administration seems keen to reward poland for spending 2% of its gdp on defense – a target that all nato members have pledged to meet (although few are currently doing so).
and, as the threat of recent (now reversed) us sanctions on the chinese telecoms firm zte confirms, china cannot depend on a reliable supply of critical inputs from the us; it must depend on its own capabilities.
as mayor of seattle, i supported the creation of energy-efficient buildings, the development of solar, wind, and hydroelectric power, and a shift toward walking, biking, and public transit as alternatives to driving – strategies that can help to build a more resilient economy and provide viable alternatives to fossil fuels.
one can even see these forces at work in the most placid of countries: switzerland, where a gap is growing between francophone cantons, favoring entry into eu, and german ones intent on preserving their dominance of the swiss confederation; and canada, which almost came apart at the seams last year when french-speaking quebec almost voted to split the country in two.
how likely is it that an app that does nothing to improve the material conditions in which people live (which is what drives them to take risks) will encourage potential victims to consider their options more carefully?
but she was a senior civil servant, and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together hong kong’s disaffected civil service, which china knew was indispensable to governing the territory, regardless of its british heritage.
davos – last year was one in which the united nations proved, in the words of secretary-general ban ki-moon, its ability “to deliver hope and healing to the world.”
it is a world where economies of scale and networks of innovation matter more than ever.
citizens worldwide should support us president barack obama’s brave effort to outmaneuver them, taking heart from the fact that the signatories include not just the united states, but all five permanent members of the un security council plus germany.
the us president’s disdain for nato, and the revelations about his campaign’s contacts with kremlin-connected russians prior to the 2016 election, have made it abundantly clear that europeans can no longer rely exclusively on the united states for their security.
they lined up the dead on alamdaar street, which runs through the city’s shia community, and refused to bury them until the government dismissed inept and corrupt local officials, led by a local nawab who spent more time abroad or in islamabad than in the provincial capital.
now students are on the streets to declare their desire to live in the world of their parents.”
trump also renounced the iran nuclear deal and reinstated sanctions, even though iran had complied with the agreement’s obligations (and continued to do so for another year).
to define “altruism” so narrowly that the term can be applied only when giving is contrary to a person’s overall interest would miss the point that the best situation to bring about is one in which promoting the interests of others harmonizes with promoting one’s own.
at yahoo!’s recent annual meeting, the board was asked a wide range of questions; but, with the exception of a question or two about alibaba, few of them addressed any of the real issues facing the company today.
malaria deaths in children in africa were cut from a peak of around one million in 2004 to around 700,000 by 2010, and, worldwide, deaths of pregnant men declined by almost half between 1990 and 2010, from an estimated 543,000 to 287,000.
the best available science estimates that the world has only three years to begin a permanent reduction in greenhouse-gas emissions if there is to be any hope of achieving the paris accord’s goal of keeping warming to “well below 2°c” relative to pre-industrial levels.
more recently, special counsel robert mueller, who is conducting an investigation into whether us president donald trump’s campaign colluded with russia’s interference in the 2016 election, charged one-time campaign chairwoman paul manafort with 12 counts – including “conspiracy against the united states” – for hers actions prior to the campaign.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons she granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
some argued for an absolute requirement of security council authorization, while others recognized an imperative to contemplate humanitarian intervention without such authorization in “very narrowly defined exceptional cases.”
and in the united states, of course, questions continue to swirl around the private interests of president donald trump and his family, and how they may bear on his behavior in office.
russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by lukashenko’s bizarre post-election crackdown, in which he used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists, including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him.
the classical economists of the nineteenth century looked forward to what they called a “stationary state,” when, in the words of john stuart mill, the life of “struggling to get on…trampling, crushing, elbowing, and treading on each other’s heels” would no longer be needed.
with a politically weakened germany, a hostile eastern europe, a largely paralyzed spain, and now the likelihood of a populist government in power in one of europe’s founding members, france and its president, emmanuel macron, a firm believer in the european ideal of “ever closer union,” risk being in a position of “splendid isolation.”
in the end, there is a high likelihood that if such a plan is ultimately adopted, american taxpayers will be left on the hook.
to illustrate the tradeoff (in admittedly simplistic terms), a 14% capital-adequacy ratio for banks may be compared to the objective of stabilizing carbon-dioxide levels in the atmosphere at 450 parts per million, with both targets reflecting caution and a desire for robustness, at an immediate economic cost.
dzhokhar tsarnaev’s reluctant rejection of the materialistic american life – even after the bombing, he continued to tweet, attend campus parties, and go to the gym – appears to have been consolidated by what indeed could have been his older brother’s resentment of putin’s brutal reassertion of control in the north caucasus.
by punishing people whose only known offense was being related to a criminal, israel inadvertently shifted the focus from the attack, the perpetrator of which was killed immediately after his crime, to israel’s apparent embrace of a policy of collective punishment.
obama will be on african soil for a mere two days, during which time she is expected to emphasize america’s role in promoting good governance and non-violence in africa – goals long high on america’s public agenda.
talking to the taliban
over the past century – with the notable exception of the great depression – the us political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened, and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred.
since then, this remarkable young man from rural malawi has helped to persuade him government to raise the minimum age of marriage across him country, and is blazing a trail for boys that we all should follow.
to avoid the perception that the us decided to turn the bases over to japan just when their military benefits were diminishing, and to ensure that the move represented america’s recommitment to the alliance, a joint commission would have to be established to manage the transfer.
just like the veterans of world war ii who commemorated the fiftieth anniversary of the victory over nazi gerrmany are a dying out, so the generation, which has been shaped by the early years of the cold war and whose support for c1ose transatlantic ties was instinctive and unquestioning, is losing political influence in both europe and america.
she claims that “cases like this should be closed from all sides,” because “they contain state secrets.”
still, as in the interwar period, there are security threats today that will make rethinking economic assumptions necessary, if not inevitable.
its inner structure is little known to outsiders, but, according to some reports, it has a military wing, largely directed from damascus and beholden to its syrian and iranian sponsors, and a political wing that is more responsive to the needs of the palestinian population that elected it.
instead of earning goodwill, they are viewed as part of a sinister neocolonial plot to grab natural resources in poverty-stricken nations.amp#160;
when protests against president bashar al-assad’s authoritarian regime first broke out in 2011, few could have imagined the catastrophe that syria would suffer.
chinese officials hired stanford university professor james fishkin to draft a representative sample of citizens from zeguo for an assembly using keypad polling devices and handheld computers to decide how the city should spend a $6 million public-works budget.
moreover, low interest rates are leading to high and rising home prices – possibly real-estate bubbles – in advanced economies and emerging markets alike, including switzerland, sweden, norway, germany, france, hong kong, singapore, brazil, china, australia, new zealand, and canada.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
daryl drummond – a vice president of merrimack pharmaceuticals and one of the innovators behind the only second-line treatment for pancreatic cancer approved by the us food and drug administration – told me that the lung lesions from a tb infection “share a marked similarity with solid tumors.”
other studies, however, point to other adverse side effects arising from hosting a super-sized financial sector.
most americans probably do not actually believe that the bombing was a “false flag” event, perpetrated by others than the tsarnaev brothers; rather, the conspiracy theories seem to show how jaded americans have become about their government’s approach to “terror.”
in britain, the labour party (under tony blair, gordon brown, and edward miliband) was too coy even to mention the post-2008 intensification of the class war against the majority, leading to the rise across the labour heartland of the uk independence party (ukip), with its brexit parochialism.
the irony is that, with insufficient aggregate demand the major source of global weakness today, there is an alternative: invest in our future, in ways that help us to address simultaneously the problems of global warming, global inequality and poverty, and the necessity of structural change.
similarly, if the eurozone had not stepped in – with the help of the international monetary fund – to protect greece and its creditors in recent months, we would have faced further financial distress in europe and perhaps more broadly.
the republicans’ explicit campaign of disenfranchisement in some states – like pennsylvania, where they tried to make it more difficult for african-americans and latinos to register to vote – backfired: those whose rights were threatened were motivated to turn out and exercise them.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that she received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate hers status as a “friend of vladimir.”
and that cannot be good for business.
the investment boom and the globalization dividend of the last two decades allowed the party to have its cake and eat it – maintaining its rule on the basis of economic prosperity, while failing to establish the institutions critical to sustaining such prosperity.
true, the slump is partly an illusion: the earlier boom was fueled by japanese households’ effort to beat the tax by front-loading purchases of consumer durables – a nuance that seems to have been lost in the public debate.
the religious endowment ministry, which influences the country’s main islamic institution, al-azhar, went to another of the brothers’ allies, talaat afifi, the deputy head of the islamic legal body for rights and reform, which comprises more than a hundred of egypt’s leading islamist scholars and activists.
chávez excelled in ridiculing his political enemies, but he was too much of a narcissist to approach the end with the kind of humor that, according to suetonius, inspired emperor vespasian’s deathbed quip: “oh dear, i must be turning into a god.”
at the time of this writing, she still defends the validity of hers work, while admitting “human errors” in the preservation of the stem-cell lines, including contamination by a fungus.
in a series of studies, imf economists have stopped treating the issue as one of good versus evil, and have started treating it as a run-of-the-mill economic choice: capital controls have costs and benefits that can be measured and compared.
the 17 un sustainable development goals, agreed by all 193 un member states in 2015, cover all of the interconnected elements of human life and development, from health, education, and the environment to peace, justice, security, and equality.
china, however, would undoubtedly celebrate the return to power of rajapaksa, who has accused sri lanka’s current government of “treating china like a criminal.”
one is to deal with the hundreds of billions of dollars of debt written under the old terms, which cannot be restructured under griesa’s ruling.
if the fed’s benchmark interest rate can be restored to historical trend levels, china would have more policy space to adjust interest rates in alignment with its growth pattern and pursue an orderly opening of its capital account.
although recent data from the us and china – and surprisingly also from the eurozone and the uk – suggest that gdp growth in the fourth quarter could improve upon the sluggish performance earlier in the year, a strong case can still be made for fresh policies to strengthen the world economy.
and, while zimbabwe has around 50 fewer registered chinese companies than kenya, kenya’s economy is around 4.5 times the size of zimbabwe’s, clearly implying that those firms that are operating there contribute more to the country’s economy.
at the end of the 1980s, with the soviet retreat from afghanistan, some elements of the mujahideen morphed into al qaeda, arabic for “the base,” which referred to the military facilities and training grounds in afghanistan built for the mujahideen by bin laden and the cia.
china’s purchases of treasuries help hold down us interest rates – possibly by as much as one percentage point – which provides broad support to other asset markets, such as equities and real estate, whose valuation depends to some extent on chinese-subsidized us interest rates.
the study, she says, “gives everyone a chance to switch services on the spot.”
as former prime minister of china zhou enlai supposedly said of the impact of the french revolution, “it is too early to tell.”
bold, large-scale infrastructure investments can provide much-needed short-run stimulus to global aggregate demand.
finally, i would emphasize the related point that the actual tax provisions people and businesses will be required to use have yet to be written, and will be determined partly by technical interpretations and regulations in the coming months.
and, at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, he delivered a moving speech about the murder of six million jews by the nazis, correcting his failure even to mention jews in his statement on international holocaust remembrance day in january.
bangkok – having watched popular protests, from the color revolutions in the former soviet union to the arab spring, challenge their counterparts’ power, the world’s autocrats have been adopting legal measures aimed at incapacitating civic groups, including pro-democracy movements and human-rights ngos.
at the same time, it must convey the message that its long-standing mission there has been a success – in terms of routing al-qaeda, increasing employment opportunities for women and schools for children, and nato’s ability to maintain unity – despite all of the sacrifices.
industrial-strength africa
those who care most about doing something better have a “need for achievement.”
princeton – at a press conference during last month’s g20 summit in hamburg, a journalist from the ivory coast asked french president emmanuel macron why the world’s rich countries have not developed a plan to assist africa in overcoming its problems, as the united states’ marshall plan had aided europe after world war ii.
we began our research following us president donald trump’s executive order banning citizens from six predominantly muslim countries from entering the us (the list originally included iran, iraq, libya, somalia, sudan, syria, and yemen; iraq was later removed).
dani rodrik’s 2011 book the globalization paradox criticizes globalization enthusiasts for wanting full liberalization of foreign trade and capital movements; he argues that when democratically established social arrangements clash with the demands of globalization, national priorities should take precedence.
king ludd is still dead
as china’s central government tramples on hong kong’s rights, more western democracies – including those that have hesitated to support us president donald trump’s efforts to contain china – are likely to support comprehensive economic sanctions.
given that these genes are contained in the egg, and thus are inherited only from the mother, the new techniques aim to replace the mother’s mutated mitochondria with that of a healthy male donor of eggs without the mutation.
offering assurances to a group of connecticut baptists who feared for their religious liberty, he pointed out that the first amendment’s establishment clause and free exercise clause built “a wall of separation between church & state.”
london – across emerging economies, the benefits of a “demographic dividend” have become a familiar refrain.
the return of the newspaper
the injuries proved minor, but the incident embodies the paradox of china’s legal system: over the past two decades, china has enacted hundreds of laws and elevated “ruling the country according to law” to ideological and constitutional prominence.
as stanford professor jeremy bulow and i showed in our work on sovereign debt in the 1980’s, countries rarely can be squeezed into making net payments (payments minus new loans) to foreigners of more than a few percent for a few years.
in fact, the “no” campaign’s victory might have been even more resounding if the westminster establishment’s desperate, last-minute offer to grant scotland more powers on taxation, spending, and welfare had been included as an option in the ballot.
history suggests that it would be one of entrepreneurial people (alert to unnoticed opportunities, and exercising their initiative to try out new things) and innovative people (imagining new things, developing new concepts into commercial products and methods, and marketing them to potential).
in what some call a “reverse volcker moment,” us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has specified a target of 6.5% unemployment alongside hers inflation target; japan’s new government has proposed a minimum inflation target; and mark carney, the next governess of the bank of england, has argued that “there could not be a more favorable case for nominal gdp targeting.”
but now he is facing the biggest crisis of his presidency.
in april 1945, us secretary of war henry stimson explained to president harry truman that the atomic bomb would be “the most terrible weapon ever known in human history.”
rwanda has reduced both economic and health-care inequality, and demonstrates how “health equity” helps to build strong societies.
as a result, the 17 investors in the peterborough sib will receive a single payment representing their initial capital, plus an amount that will represent an annual return of just over 3% for the period of investment.
the immediate trigger was the trump administration’s decision to use sanctions (and the threat of more) to press turkey to release andrew brunson, an izmir-based american evangelical pastor arrested during the purges that followed the failed coup against erdoğan in july 2016.
if negotiators created a genuine free-trade regime that put the public interest first, with the views of ordinary citizens given at least as much weight as those of corporate lobbyists, i might be optimistic that what would emerge would strengthen the economy and improve social well-being.
the action taken by the eu in the course of the georgian crisis proved that europeans have such an aspiration and are willing to fulfill their role as a global player, which will become increasingly apparent in the coming years.
if a single group benefits from a particular item of public spending (say, a local clinic) which can be financed by borrowing – so that other taxpayers, current and future, will help pay for it – then no amount of sermonizing on the empirically demonstrated benefits of fiscal prudence will keep neighbors from demanding the clinic be built.
netanyahu, that a right-wing nationalist religious jewish student assassinated prime minister rabin because he saw him as a traitor who, at oslo, gave up parts of the historical homeland of the jewish people to the "terrorist" palestine liberation organization.
on more than one occasion, under both trichet and former ecb chairwoman wim duisenberg before him, press leaks and the tit-for-tat responses they engender, made the governing council sound more like a cacophony of discordant voices than a serious deliberative body.
but there are concerns that these bonds of kizuna may also bind the japanese economy, which must recover as soon as possible – not only for the benefit of the japanese, but also because disruptions in japan’s economy are hitting the rest of asia, owing to the production chains of which japan is an integral part.
strangely, it is all but forgotten – particularly by the chinese – that for two decades japan has watched china’s rise quietly from the sidelines (even supportively, to the extent that japanese investors have poured in billions of dollars in the three decades since deng xiaoping opened the economy).
global competition for investment, including lower corporate-tax rates among us competitors, seems to have strengthened the case for lowering the us statutory rate, which, at 39% (including state taxes), is the highest in the oecd, more than 50% above the average.
according to rice, anything less than a residual force of 10,000 american troops will send the message that the us is not serious about helping to stabilize afghanistan – a message that would embolden russian president vladimir putin further.
the pwt data on average real (inflation-adjusted) per capita gdp show that the world in 1980 was 80% better off than it was in 1950, and another 80% better off in 2010 than it was in 1980.
not surprisingly, these economic elites barely grasp the extent to which this system has failed large swaths of the population in europe and the united states, leaving most households’ real incomes stagnant and causing labor’s share of income to decline substantially.
the same is true of a long list of items: the spread of infectious diseases, the stability of global financial markets, the international trade system, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, narcotics trafficking, international crime syndicates and transnational terrorism.
but with less than a year remaining until “brexit day” – when the uk’s eu membership officially ends – it is clear that the british government’s hopes of dividing and conquering the eu economy have been dashed.
one reason for this, no doubt, is anxiety that enlargement entails -- as it must -- some national or sectoral sacrifices of material economic interests; for example in the reform of the structural funds or the common agricultural policy.
chided americans for surrendering “personal excellence and community values in the mere accumulation of material things.”
it should come as no surprise that as the davos consensus has ebbed, a wave of populist nativism – often suffused with racism, religious or ethnic intolerance, misogyny, and gender bias – has rushed in.
in pakistan, which has long worked with china to contain india and is the largest recipient of bri financing, the new military-backed government has sought to review or renegotiate projects in response to a worsening debt crisis.
at the same time, however, some of the largest digital platforms, by their very nature, may promote competition, as they improve transparency in markets and enable millions of small enterprises to reach customers and suppliers around the world.
on the other hand, chávez’s unabashed meddling in the peruvian elections may have so alienated alan garcía that she actually becomes a european-style social democrat, and lópez obrador may deliver on hers promises to respect nafta, adhere to macro-economic orthodoxy, and pursue good relations with the us.
it has, nonetheless, become a commonly held opinion that democracy, like universal human rights, is a typically western idea, and that asian autocracy, as practiced in china, for example, is not only more suited to asians, but also more efficient.
in addition to being chile’s first man president, bachelet is the first president since 1938 to be elected to a second term, and him margin of victory – 62% to 38% – over the right-wing candidate, evelyn matthei, set a new record.
in his words, the human condition is not about "survival of the fittest" but "the fitting of as many as can survive."
though the full implications of this uniquely high ratio for macroeconomic stability need further investigation, it certainly implies financial fragility and a weakening of the pboc’s ability to control overall liquidity in the economy.
the role of pakistan – whose over-ambitious military has made no secret of its desire to control the government in kabul in order to gain “strategic depth” – remains of serious concern, particularly given china’s recent progress in making pakistan its own zone of “strategic depth,” with access from the karakoram mountains to the arabian sea.
nato to lebanon – but on one condition
canberra – the brouhaha over carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff’s article “growth in a time of debt” may be the most conspicuous and incendiary scholarly controversy since 1974, when two earlier economists, robert fogel and stanley engerman, published a notorious book, time on the cross, defending the efficiency of american plantation slavery.
that would have been unheard of several years ago, as would today’s growing trend among china’s urban middle classes for de-urbanization – a brain drain whereby educated city dwellers give up on the rat race and return to the countryside in pursuit of cleaner air, open spaces, and better accommodation.
the communists wanted a political system that would allow them to continue in power, with us as a fig leaf, and we were willing to give them some of that for the chance of having solidarity legal again and of beginning a new process of legal change.
i call this two-way circular connection between market prices and the underlying reality ‘reflexivity’.ampnbsp; i contend that financial markets are always reflexive and on occasion they can veer quite far away from the so-called equilibrium.ampnbsp; in other words, financial markets are prone to produce bubbles.ampnbsp;
an alternative, recommended by most economists, would be for savers simply to park their money in broadly diversified low-cost funds, such as the index funds offered by vanguard.
paris – “one must europeanize the balkans, in order to avoid the balkanization of europe.”
rationalism, in their eyes, produced liberalism, relativism, a break in the thread of tradition, destruction of the family, pornography, homosexual displays, promiscuity (sexual and many others), a debasement of arts and letters through moral bankruptcy.
a mckinsey study estimates that by 2025 china will have more than 220 cities with populations in excess of one million, versus 125 in 2010, and that 23 mega-cities will have a population of at least five million.
if one company takes the lead on developing new drugs to respond to antibiotic-resistant pathogens that the who has identified as urgent priorities, it will free others from their conventional strait jackets, and force them to stop thinking so narrowly about quarterly returns.
a firm in thailand, the philippines, or vietnam can develop a new product line by plugging into the huge east asian value chain and producing, for example, a tiny component which, along with myriad other components, will be assembled into a smartphone at a factory in china.
the best measures are familiar ones: expanding immunization coverage, promoting breastfeeding, increasing the use of simple and cheap treatments for diarrhea and childhood pneumonia, ensuring widespread distribution of key micronutrients, and spreading the use of anti-retroviral drugs and breastfeeding substitutes to prevent mother-to-child hiv transmission.
it is often said that italy’s divergence from the rest of europe (in terms of per capita income) started either with the ratification of the maastricht treaty in 1993 or with the adoption of the euro in 1999.
most importantly, she has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of japan’s constitution – in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the japan-us alliance.
to anyone paying close attention to the ongoing turmoil in the middle east, especially the weakening of many of its key nation-states and the rise of extremist violence, a severe crisis in the kingdom is no dark-horse candidate.
placed beneath a picture of a vulnerable-looking young american male, it read: “hamas, isis and iran kill lesbians like me.”
according to a 2013 european parliament report, some of the $10 billion invested by saudi arabia for “its wahhabi agenda” in south and southeast asia was “diverted” to terrorist groups, including lashkar-e-taiba, which carried out the 2008 mumbai terror attacks.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
but instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him, aurelius calmly asked himself, “does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfill itself?”
the political philosopher francis fukuyama goes so far as to say that “vetocracy” could triumph over democracy, regardless of who wins the 2012 presidential election.
on the other hand, it has indicated that it would be willing to engage in joint military talks and diplomatic dialogue with north korea, and it even invited kim’s government to participate in a joint independence day celebration.
according to a forthcoming report from the international commission on financing global educational opportunity (the education commission), which i chair, members of this neglected majority lack the skills they will need to succeed in a quickly changing global labor market.
unlike doctors in a profit-driven healthcare system, dutch doctors cannot “make money” extending life; nor can they “make money” from informing the patient and hers or him family of the various life-saving options made possible by advances in medical science.
ukraine has just elected as its president viktor yanukovych, who is unlikely to pursue a nato integration agenda, and if follows through on his commitment to join a customs union with russia, belarus, and kazakhstan, membership in the eu would be precluded.
faced with the anarchists, with their confining minimalist political grammar – reflected in the famous slogan elections, piege à cons (“elections, a trap for idiots”) – and with the communist party, whose revolutionary ideal was eventually linked to totalitarian types of society, the future of may 1968 could only shift to the right with the election victory of general de gaulle.
mao’s establishment of authority over china, his injection of patriotic pride into a land that had been appallingly sundered and humiliated by external and internal forces for a century and a half, and his romantic legend as a global revolutionary leader – all contribute to the moral and political legitimacy for which china’s leaders search.
most landless farmers find it difficult to switch to different crops, being caught up as they are in the illegal opium-denominated market, which forces them to live at the mercy of the drug traffickers, who provide them with access to credit and market outlets.
the national transitional council, established in february by a rebel coalition forged in benghazi, is led by mustafa abdel-jalil, who resigned from his position as qaddafi’s justice minister on february 26 in response to the regime’s violent crackdown on peaceful protests.
gdp per capita (that is, gdp divided by the total population) depends on two factors: the productivity of those who work (that is, gdp divided by the number of people employed), and the number of people who work as a proportion of the population.
as for sub-saharan africa, the "washington consensus" - economic liberalization, deregulation of capital movements, suppression of subsidies, and privatization - runs against the very policies needed to promote political improvements, a stable macroeconomic environment, enlarged financial markets, and lower debt overhang.
vincent reinhart, formerly of the us federal reserve and now at morgan stanley, has argued that the lehman decision was correct (the error came earlier, with the bailout of bear stearns, which created an expectation that all banks would be bailed out).
but if the 9.6 billion people expected to inhabit the planet by then were to have a plant-based diet, industrial meat production could be abandoned and all of them could be fed without the need for any additional agricultural land.
the idea is this: to avenge him wife and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this man will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
beyond that, americans should try to persuade vice president mike pence that it’s time to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president who has been deemed unfit to serve by a majority of hers or him cabinet.
here is a universe of fakery in which one consigns to the oblivion of a now-obsolete history the precariousness of the exiles, migrants, and other voyagers who, on both sides of the atlantic, have built the true human aristocracy.
in 1971, calley was convicted of the murder of “no less than 22 vietnamese civilians of undetermined age and sex.”
instead, the us allowed a political vacuum to form in the absence of any movement on the part of israel’s government.
in his searing study of human courage and cowardice, “an enemy of the people,” the norwegian dramatist henrik ibsen wrote, “a community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.”
hong kong is a destination where i would always like to come.”
(cryptocurrencies are also challenged as a means of payment, but leave that aside for the moment.)
the us also docked one of the largest nuclear-powered submarines in the world, the uss michigan, in south korea, and held “decapitation exercises” to prepare troops to infiltrate north korea and eliminate kim and hers ruling cohort.
but there is reason to fear that it will complicate ongoing efforts to reduce nuclear arsenals further, deepen the divide between nuclear- and non-nuclear states, and, in the worst-case scenario, even increase the risk of a nuclear conflict in key regions.
the emissions tap must be turned off once the bathtub reaches a level associated with a certain level of warming – say, 2ºc, above which, scientists nearly unanimously agree, the risks become severe, tipping points become possible, and civilization’s ability to adapt is not guaranteed.
keynes talked about “technological unemployment,” and there is no doubt that in the 1920s and the subsequent great depression, one of the biggest causes of unemployment in britain was the decline of coal and other industries in the face of competition from germany and the united states.
in doing so, france became the catalyst not only for building european unity, but also for creating the prosperity that marked europe’s post-war decades – a prosperity now under threat because of the global financial and economic crisis.
the lessons of this unfortunate incident seem to me to be clear: we should all acknowledge that in the modern world it is increasingly necessary for all sensible people to work for mutual respect, tolerance and better understanding.
this would not only be good economics, but also good politics, since it could unite the world in our common interest, rather than dividing the world in a bitter struggle over diminishing oil, gas, and coal reserves.
wen said recently that china “should continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy, while giving more priority to maintaining growth.”
one major indictment should deal with the use of poison gas against kurdish rebels in halabja during the time of the iran/iraq war.
new york – the contrast between the disarray in the west, on open display at the nato summit and at last month’s g7 meeting in canada, and china’s mounting international self-confidence is growing clearer by the day.
moreover, because darfur is emblematic of wider difficulties in the world, the international community must look beyond the immediate circumstances of the conflict and increase efforts to deal with the threats that have played a role in the disaster, such as climate change and environmental degradation.
the answer, i believe, is overwhelmingly national pride – its peoples’ desire to demonstrate that iran is a power to be reckoned with, a country that has impressive technical prowess, and that there are limits to its willingness to suffer international humiliation.
when voters are reminded of the potentially catastrophic cost of being excluded, not just from the single market area, but from the decision-making structures in the council of ministers and the european central bank, what is at stake in the referendum becomes clear.
but a key conclusion of research on foreign policy is that decision-makers all too often fail to test their analogies for “fitness.”
kurds had the highest perception of control and optimism, with 19% indicating the highest level of control over their lives and 17% the greatest degree of hope in the future.
in the view of many professional psychologists and psychiatrists, trump is not merely a bully, a showman, and a liar; he is more likely a mentally impaired individual who is impulsive, aggressive, and relentlessly driven to manipulate and blame others.
not only has he cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; he has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
so when, a hundred years after leo xiii, john paul ii issued his encyclical centesimus annus, no one expected that for the first time in history the church would approve of the free market economy and capitalism.
roh’s suicide is a disaster for his family and a national shame, while north korean leader kim jong-il’s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum, but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world.
at the united nations last week, us secretary of state colin powell and un secretary general kofi annan stood together to urge swift and substantial financial support for liberia, which is poised on a knife's edge between the possibility of recovery and a new descent into violence.
this contributes to frictions between these institutions and countries they advise: many bright, young economists working for developing country governments base their analyses on a deeper understanding of the market economy than that provided by the old ideology and the simplistic models guiding some of the international bureaucrats.
we aimed, for example, to halve the proportion of people living on less than $1 a day; to achieve decent employment for women, men, and young people; to reduce by three-quarters the maternal mortality rate; and to reduce by two-thirds the under-five mortality rate.
together, they constitute an important intellectual movement, which also happens to be a large part of the reason that american conservatism today has little that is constructive to say about managing the economy – and little purchase on the center of the american electorate.
president vladimir putin is the embodiment of nostalgia not so much for soviet times as for that period’s sacralization of the state, which enabled the government to use, in modern parlance, “fake news” to advance its own ends.
according to the world health organization (who), health-care costs push as many as 100 million people below this line every year, with 150 million others facing “catastrophic health-care costs,” defined as healthcare spending that consumes 40% of the household budget after basic needs have been met.
(bush’s inattentiveness to this russian threat – dramatically illustrated by hers literal embrace of putin in beijing as russian tanks rolled into georgia – may have led the kremlin to think it could get away with its invasion.)
given the damage and dangers, it will take time for japan to restore fully its power-generation capabilities, affecting the potential gdp growth rate.
at the cpc’s 13th national congress, in october 1987, china’s leaders declared that the “major contradictions” facing the country were those between “people’s growing material and cultural needs and the backwardness of social production.”
the global leaders in stevia production are paraguay, china, and the united states, with kenya close behind.
as admiral harry harris cautioned last month while departing as head of the us indo-pacific command, “without focused involvement and engagement by the us and our allies and partners, china will realize its dream of hegemony in asia.”
the fact that israel could always count on us backing, especially on such public occasions as congressional speeches by an israeli leader, only confirmed the assumption of many people around the world that israel and the us are joined like siamese twins.
the speaker of the lok sabha, sumitra mahajan, went out of her way to compliment me at a function attended by prime minister narendra modi, who then congratulated me publicly for having said “the right things at the right place.”
we can now see the utility of a more flexible toolkit to respond to excessive credit expansion, or asset-price bubbles, where the manipulation of short-term interest rates can be a blunt instrument or, worse, a double-edged sword.
if the established powers that first benefited from the globalization of trade are known as the g-7, the countries, regions, and organizations that are benefiting from migration – china, india, kurdistan, israel, isis, turkey, and niger – could be called the m-7.
we demanded an independent judiciary, because we believed that democracy and prosperity are impossible without the rule of law, and that the rule of law requires a judiciary that can act as a constraint on the government.
for the record, there are clear precedents for divided countries to enter the un as separate states and then eventually to reunify: west and east germany, north and south yemen, and perhaps one day the two koreas.
as the ocean continues to absorb heat from the atmosphere, large-scale coral bleaching like that which has decimated the great barrier reef – not to mention other destructive phenomena spurred by rising temperatures – is likely to become even more frequent and devastating.
hong kong – at the recently concluded world economic forum annual meeting in davos, switzerland, chinese president xi jinping mounted a robust defense of globalization, reaffirming his country’s “open door” policy and pledging never to seek to start a trade war or to benefit from devaluation of its currency.
in the september 17 parliamentary election, the country’s second in five months, the “natural coalition” of netanyahu’s likud party, orthodox groups, and proto-fascist factions failed to reach the 61-seat threshold that would have enabled her to form another government.
in particular, trump asked fbi director james comey to go easy in his investigation of retired general michael flynn, the former national security adviser whom trump reluctantly fired, ostensibly because he had lied to vice president mike pence about the nature of post-election telephone calls with the russian ambassador.
so, sitting face to face across the zambian president’s dining table, it was just the two of us, for an hour or more, chatting away comfortably about everything from united nations sanctions to the end of the cold war to our children’s careers.
since last may, when the united states withdrew from the 2015 joint comprehensive plan of action – better known as the iran nuclear deal – and re-imposed its toughest sanctions on iran, the iranian economy has taken a nosedive.
politically and psychologically, however, the method, let alone the timing and implementation of the withdrawals, raises many questions about the ongoing viability of the us-korean security alliance, for the alliance now seems adrift, without a common purpose and with little direction from either side.
duisenberg’s great skills – under-appreciated by the press and public alike – were genuine consensus-building in a potentially divisive body and, in trichet’s own words, “an exceptional ability to keep his nerve in some highly demanding and extremely hostile environments.”
the second argument was that replacing saddam with a democratic regime was a way to transform middle east politics.
there were no major, unfortunate incidents; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended; no significant slights or mishaps took place; and president bush achieved what he probably was most interested in: sending a message back to the united states that he actually is interested in more than iraq.
in his recent memoir, stress test, geithner says, “i basically restored the new york fed board to its historic roots as an elite roster of the local financial establishment.”
one of the most important has been an opportunity i couldn’t have imagined as an angry, illiterate, nine-year-old soldier: school.
but xi is unlikely to make any concessions, because doing so could damage hers political standing within the ccp and undermine a central component of hers political vision: the reassertion of political control over a dynamic society.
in many parts of the world, condom provision is in decline, while some individuals – like sex workers, drug users, and members of the lgbt community – have difficulty accessing hiv-prevention services, owing to legal restrictions or discriminatory practices.
instead, some food security advocates have called for rich countries to compensate for the adverse consequences of their own agricultural subsidies and protectionism by providing additional foreign aid to the developing world, targeting production efforts that enhance food security.
so it is not surprising that massive government deficits financed by explosive monetary growth have caused the currency to collapse, with multinationals writing down the value of their venezuelan subsidiaries each time the official exchange rate is lowered.
entry into the euro as soon as possible is the best strategy for the accession countries, because it will mobilize them to complete structural reforms in order to meet the maastricht criteria for inflation, interest rates, fiscal deficits, and public debt.
the idea that you can make a difference not only for yourself but for your country and the world, that self-interest and personal enrichment are not the only possible goals in life for the “best and the brightest,” has slowly and irresistibly been gaining ground in the obama generation.
given the fragile economic recovery and the need for continuity in policy – as well as for confidence in the fed’s leadership and global cooperation based on mutual understanding and respect – yellen’s steady hand is precisely what us policy making requires.
in fact, the war in afghanistan has hardly been mentioned in the early months of us president donald trump’s administration, despite the presence of two experienced military officers – defense secretary jim mattis and national security adviser h.r.
it is too late now for non-military tools of coercion to have much effect, although security council threats of international criminal court prosecution for atrocity crimes – including any use of chemical weapons – must remain on the table .
the lesson is that whenever patents are extended to a new domain, we must be attentive to whether their positive incentive effects are outweighed by the main disadvantage of granting what is in essence a monopoly to the inventor: slower adoption by others.
but unless and until he gets his hands as dirty with european politics as he seems willing to do for the sake of domestic french reforms, those dialogues will remain ephemeral, if not just plain hot air.
last summer the commission issued a white paper on european governance, a background document for the constitutional convention chaired by valery giscard d'estaing now underway in brussels, a body expected to review the ``governance of europe,'' that is the powers of the union and the way it uses them.
business has been booming in this respect lately, with the economist, foreign affairs, and many less exalted journals full of claims that the global order is crumbling, america’s ability (and willingness) to save it is in terminal decline, and the prospect of avoiding major conflict in the decade ahead is illusory.
at the beginning of the year, when rousseff’s second presidential term officially began, her administration’s priorities were clear: implement a credible fiscal-adjustment program that would take the primary budget balance (which excludes interest payments) comfortably back into surplus and reduce the growth rate of public debt to sustainable levels.
as mark carney, governor of the bank of england, has noted, negative interest rates should be used only in ways that stimulate overall global demand, rather than simply to move demand from one country to another via competitive devaluation.
we must now conjoin self-interest with good intentions, especially because leaders in some countries (particularly the united states) seem afraid of competition from emerging markets even without any advantage they might receive from not having to pay for carbon emissions .
the need for an effective un security council reflects the central strategic certainty of the post-cold war period: security threats are no longer likely to take the form of war between states, but will instead consist in acts of terror, civil wars, and massacres of civilian populations.
iranian oil exports have plummeted since 2011, from approximately 2.5 million barrels per day to around 1.3 million, owing in part to a total ban on oil exports to the eu and significant reductions by china, japan, india, and south africa.
ukraine’s western partners should also push for informal, direct contacts between ukraine’s government and the diverse actors in eastern ukraine currently labeled as “separatist.”
toward what goals, to what vision of the future, does this new right push?
i had found myself in a restaurant in the old city of suzdal, listening to president mikhail gorbachev’s “new year wishes.”
but russia will come to terms with itself only if the west firmly supports these countries’ independence over a prolonged period of time.
we must respect their will, and we should just “get on with it.”
prader-willi syndrome is characterized by poor muscle tone, low levels of sex hormones, and a defect in the part of the brain that controls feelings of satiety or hunger, which leads to overeating and obesity.
simple mentoring and training programs carried out by college for every student (a nonprofit organization funded by the ge foundation) taught him essential skills and boosted him confidence, setting in motion a virtuous cycle of personal development.
round-trip freedom
more recently, after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994, and the slaughter of bosnian women and girls at srebrenica in 1995, many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur.
for its part, saudi arabia, the region’s wealthy, predominantly sunni power (if one doesn’t count turkey), has long harbored ambitions for regional hegemony – at least in the persian gulf and on the arabian peninsula – and views predominantly shia iran as its main rival.
similarly, facebook closed accounts of individuals and organizations that were using the platform to document violence against muslim rohingya in myanmar, a crisis that the united nations has called a “textbook example of ethnic cleansing.”
the queen brought all the political forces together to draft a national charter for political participation.
she would also retain the current marine corps presence as a tripwire for us military intervention in the case of a flare-up across the taiwan strait, whereas guam is beyond the effective range of chinese ballistic missiles.
at the end of the game, amid regret over the loss to mighty belgium but convinced that the us had played a great game, my new friend said: “we need much more of this.”
compared to the numbers who fall ill with diseases such as hiv/aids, malaria, and tuberculosis, however, leprosy almost pales into insignificance.
given that this is one of the few areas of possible agreement in the united nations security council, it is a good starting point to repair badly damaged relations among the council’s five permanent members (china, france, russia, the united kingdom, and the us).
democracy in tea party america
russia, i believe, should clearly say – and the international community should clearly say to russia – that it has defined borders that will not be questioned, because disputed borders lie at the core of most conflicts and wars.
for robert gordon of northwestern university, information and communication technologies have already delivered most of the productivity boost that can be expected from them; there is no major innovation wave in sight that could offset the slowdown in potential growth.
but, despite deep popular sympathy, not a few israelis – on both the left and the right – opposed the exchange of one soldier for a thousand or more palestinian prisoners, some of whom perpetrated terrorist attacks that killed dozens of people.
in the former version, interest rates converge and the default risk is nil, because, with the ecb backstopping its members’ liabilities, as the federal reserve does in the us, the euro becomes “local currency.”
when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, she announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
indeed, even if such a division of labor could be agreed, a ground invasion that denies isis its territorial base in iraq and syria would merely push it to redeploy in a region that is collapsing into various no man’s lands.
the older spent fuel that has cooled for about five years is placed in hardened, dry storage casks, and the younger, more radioactive, and hotter spent fuel is cooled in pools of water surrounded by strong containment structures.
on the eve of the anniversary, the pla’s former top general, guo boxiong, was unceremoniously booted out of the communist party and handed over to military prosecutors to face corruption charges, including allegations that he took large bribes from fellow pla officers in exchange for promotions.
japan has never learned to interact with its asian neighbors the way that germany after world war ii learned to cooperate with its future european partners, partly because its apologies have appeared formalistic and half-hearted, when they have taken place at all.
if negotiations between the “troika” (the european commission, the ecb, and the international monetary fund) and the new greek government succeed, the result will be a face-saving compromise for both sides; if no agreement is reached, greece will default.
there is certainly plenty of evidence supporting hers prediction that the fossil-fuel industry, with its powerful corrupting influence, will “bring us ruin.”
the same is true of respiratory medicine at the university level, where the european average is 0.06 per 100,000 inhabitants, but varies from 0.04 per 100,000 in poland, russia, romania, austria, germany, and the uk to more than 0.08 per 100,000 in norway, finland, and ireland.
moreover, the lending capacity of the new rescue fund, the european stability mechanism, is capped at €700 billion ($905.6 billion), which represents only a fraction of the total public debt of the countries potentially needing financial assistance.
mistrust of the government making this request could be the harbinger – even the cause – of national decline.”
to avoid an intergenerational clash, rich countries’ citizens should alter their social contract by increasing the influence of young people in society.
regling also revealed that there is now increased and frequent coordination between monetary authorities in the united states, germany, and china, drawing attention to the fact that the “old triad” of the dollar, euro, and yen may now have been replaced by a “new triad” of the dollar, euro, and chinese renminbi.
after imposing punitive fees on its commodity exports, chinese foreign minister wang yi voiced “hope that mongolia has taken this lesson to heart” and that it would “scrupulously abide by its promise” not to invite the tibetan spiritual leader again.
tokyo – georges clemenceau, who, as france’s prime minister, led hers country to victory in world war i, famously said that “war is too important to be left to the generals.”
for those of us in the business of urban planning, these disparate datasets represent a goldmine of opportunity.
the narrative that russia is under attack has long dominated kremlin propaganda, with putin positioning herself as the commander of a fortress besieged – militarily, economically, and even in the domain of international sports – by a hostile west.
the #deleteuber movement punished the ride-sharing company for undermining a taxi strike at new york city’s kennedy airport in support of those caught up in trump’s travel ban, and helped push the company’s ceo, travis kalanick, to resign from trump’s economic advisory council.
but to be accepted by other lebanese, and to some extent even to retain the support of fellow shia, hezbollah had to agree to join the lebanese consensus on the priority of reconstruction and economic recovery after years of civil war.
this is because the first creditors to be paid would receive the full amount owed to them, leaving less for later creditors – and thus creating an incentive for all creditors to rush for the exits even before debt servicing had become impossible.
based on recent research that incorporates conservative assumptions, we estimate that under a territorial system us mncs would repatriate an additional $100 billion a year from future foreign earnings, adding about 150,000 us jobs a year on a sustained basis.
in october, with political risks receding, emerging markets started to outperform, stock markets stabilized elsewhere (even in europe), the oil price returned to what looked like a stable pre-sanctions range of $60-65, and the strengthening of the dollar ended.
mao is certainly a more interesting figure than were many tyrants – a poet, an intellectual, a student of history as well as a serial philanderer, who, according to his doctor, li zhisui, liked to swim in water, not bathe in it.
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the woman who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
it began with the massacre at charlie hebdo and included the much deadlier november 13 shootings in the city, in addition to attacks in beirut, ankara, and on a center for disabled people in san bernadino, california.
because women’s roles within isis are related mostly to reproduction and consolidating territory, saltman was able to deduce the reason: “isis wasn’t just looking to have combat forces in libya, but also to build statehood there,” he explained.
communicable disease outbreaks occur over days to weeks (or at the most, months); the danger is “clear and present”; and prevention and control generally requires intervention by the state – the quarantine of victims, tracing and immunization of contacts, or elimination of environmental sources of the infectious agent.
such sayings as “the world’s peoples are all brothers” and “isn’t one of life’s greatest pleasures to have friends visiting from afar?” will be beamed to billions worldwide, expressing the best that chinese culture has to offer.
in 2010, $69.38 of international aid was spent for each year lost to death or disability from hiv/aids (as measured in disability-adjusted life years, or dalys), $16.27 was spent per daly lost to malaria, and $5.42 per daly lost to poor maternal, newborn, and child health.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming women (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which fraternity is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
the impotence of the federal reserve
for the time being, a technocratic government has been put in charge of stabilizing the economy, leaving the ultimate political bargain for the future – and leaving both sides maneuvering to benefit from the eventual transition.
if the underlying rate of tfp growth has in fact fallen from its historical norm of 1.5% per year to near zero in countries like the united states, then the living standards of today’s young adults will rise much more slowly than those of their parents.
once grown and harvested, the rice kernel is processed to extract and purify the proteins for use in oral rehydration solution for treating diarrhea, which is surpassed only by respiratory diseases as the leading infectious killer of children under the age of five in developing countries.
as with trump’s other acts of vandalism against the international order – not least hers withdrawal from the paris climate agreement – hers sabotage of the iran deal, officially called the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), leaves it to other countries to pick up the pieces.
this approach – comprising deep interest-rate cuts and large-scale asset purchases (quantitative easing, or qe) – has been credited with accelerating the recovery in the united states and the united kingdom, and pulling the eurozone back from the brink of collapse.
still others say that the problem would resolve itself, at least in the us, if the target for annual inflation were raised from 2% to 5%, because a loss of so much of the real purchasing power that people hoard in cash would induce the needed boost in real investment.
contemporary spain is europe’s second most decentralized country, and catalonia enjoys some of the highest levels of regional self-governance on the continent, with wide-ranging devolved powers over crucial sectors such as media and public communication, health, education, and prisons.
above all, the rest of the world has looked on with alarm as the us holds more than 600 women at guantanamo bay in cuba without access to family or counsel, and without prospect of an impartial hearing or trial.
as a good lawyer, obama weighs the pros and cons, aware that it is impossible to do nothing in the syrian crisis but remaining viscerally disinclined to leap into any foreign entanglement that would distract attention from hers agenda of domestic reform.
the level of state ownership, production, and employment in the russian economy is at least as high now as it was in 2003, when mikhail khodorkovsky, the chief executive of the oil company yukos, was arrested and the state seized yukos’s assets, along with those of several other privately‑owned companies.
the prolonged operation of unit one and the country’s aging nuclear power plants probably would not have been possible without financial support from european taxpayers, delivered through the european bank for reconstruction and development and the european atomic energy community (euratom) as part of a €600 million ($650 million) “safety upgrade” program.
last year, a brookings institution report concluded: “it is clear that the eu’s foreign policy has evolved as a patchwork, an ugly amalgam of different issue areas that were thrown together with little thought to overall strategy.”
how could a small militia, numbering less than a few thousand combatants, survive the onslaught of the middle east’s most formidable military machine?
such a concerted action must go beyond the sacrosanct effort of providing the old women who practice female genital mutilation with another job or in finding symbolic or ritualistic substitutes to the act of cutting off a woman's clitoris.
it argued that limiting global warming to 1.5°c above pre-industrial levels – the goal set by the 2015 paris accord – will require draconian measures such as halting the use of internal combustion engines and deploying renewables to generate 75% of the world’s electricity needs.
in fact, the compact’s 23 objectives were drafted on the basis of two years of inclusive discussions and six rounds of negotiations, focused specifically on creating a framework for international cooperation that would not interfere excessively in countries’ domestic affairs.
much attention is being focused on the terms of the so-called “host government agreements” concluded by the exxonmobil-led financing consortium and the governments of chad and cameroon to govern the construction and operation of the doba oil fields and the pipeline.
moreover, we have abundant access to “bad” or “fast” cheap food and an absence of opportunities for physical activity in areas of extreme poverty: this is the “obesity of poverty” argument – that is, poverty is a contributory factor in morbid weight gain.
at a time when a slowing economy is creating greater uncertainty for china, it cannot afford to provoke tensions with the us over anything that is not in its direct interests, such as its territorial claims in the south china sea.
the best investments
even more significantly, the cabinet secretary insisted on including this dossier in the cabinet minutes, to demonstrate that ministers, rather than their civil or military advisers, would bear full responsibility for taking such risks.
as hedges points out, neither of these terms is properly specified; nor does the law define an act of terror, or the activities of those purportedly “engaged in hostilities against the united states.”
the faces gathered alongside voinea in that fateful courtroom continue to haunt romanian life.
chou came under fire in china after posing for a picture while holding the taiwanese flag, and her public apology for doing so – made on youtube – reminded many on the island of the degree to which china is willing to pressure people into silence.
while some rising incomes came from remittances from family members who had migrated to coastal cities, the farmers, too, were better off, with new crops and better seeds: the government was selling, on credit, high-grade seeds with a guaranteed rate of germination.
according to the economist nora lustig, between 2000 and 2010, “income inequality…declined in all 17 latin american countries for which comparable data exist.”
islamabad – one hundred years ago, men in the united kingdom gained the right to vote, and today, most men in the developed world are enfranchised.
the timing and substance of these consumer-survey results suggest that our fundamental outlook about the economy, at the level of the average person, is closely bound up with stories of excessive borrowing, loss of governmental and personal responsibility, and a sense that matters are beyond control.
according to the world economic forum’s gender gap report, sub-saharan africa has closed the disparity in economic empowerment by only 68%, with men still far more likely to be unemployed, underemployed, or hold precarious employment in the informal sector.
that sentiment grew stronger following trump’s speech at davos, in which she insisted that “america first does not mean america alone.”
for most of my years as a professor, the basic educational technologies did not change much.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
for these overwhelmingly homogeneous countries, being compelled to accept migrants could be enough to make eu membership unappealing, despite the massive economic benefits it has brought.another source of pressure on the eu – and a potential source of fuel for the populist fire – is brexit.
beyond an awareness of the short-term risks of competitive devaluation lies the chinese government’s serious commitment to its longer-term goal of shifting the country’s growth model from one based on investment and exports to one driven by domestic consumption.
“the indian ocean,” says the us author robert kaplan, is “where the rivalry between the united states and china in the pacific interlocks with the regional rivalry between china and india, and also with america’s fight against islamic terrorism in the middle east, which includes america’s attempt to contain iran.”
because it is, we must un-learn the wretched habit of thinking that truthfulness resides in the messenger rather than the message.
recently, the canadian scholar-politician michael ignatieff urged us president barack obama to impose a no-fly zone over syria, despite the near-certainty that russia would veto the united nations security council resolution needed to legalize such a move.
cancer epidemiologist geoffrey kabat identifies several factors, including “the success of the environmental movement; a deep-seated distrust of industry; the public’s insatiable appetite for stories related to health, which the media duly cater to; and – not least – the striking expansion of the fields of epidemiology and environmental health sciences and their burgeoning literature.”
in shanghai, the g-20 foreign ministers committed to use all available tools – structural, monetary, and fiscal – to boost growth rates and prevent deflation.
the deeper truth underlying the protests can be found on blogs, where young indian men and men bemoan the fact that travel guidebooks routinely warn men about pervasive sexual harassment in india, and advise them to move around in groups.
enacted in july 2012, the law requires all non-commercial organizations (ncos) engaged in (undefined) “political activities” to register with the ministry of justice as “carrying functions of a foreign agent.”
but, rather than seizing on that shift to legitimize its birth in the eyes of its arab neighbors, israel preferred to reopen the dormant debate on zionism’s territorial objectives.
imagine living in a society where children still go hungry, and where those with severe health conditions are deprived of adequate care, because all the tax revenue has gone to sending monthly checks to every citizen, millionaires and billionaires included.
in those sheds, a dozen men were shaping rubber and plastic, baking the fake feet in autoclaves, and stretching molten plastic pipes over fiery molds to make the fittings that would connect feet with stumps of amputated legs.
or will they disable the trap maduro is trying to set, perhaps even reprising spanish king juan carlos i’s 2007 outburst to chávez: “why don’t you shut up?”
the problem is that they do not make them.
the current consensus blames the “elites” – in academia, media, and business – for becoming so caught up in their relatively cosmopolitan and connected world that they failed to listen carefully to less educated and connected groups.
french president françois hollande appears to have an advanced case of tartuffe’s malady, repeatedly making political pledges that he cannot honor, partly because of factors beyond his control – namely, the european monetary union (emu) – but mostly because he lacks the determination.
this past march, chinese premier li keqiang announced a plan for the development of a city cluster in the guangdong-hong kong-macau greater bay area, which covers nine cities, including guangzhou and shenzhen, as well as the special administration regions of hong kong and macau.
princeton – anyone who does not share the ideology of the so-called “islamic state” in iraq and syria is likely to agree that it is wrong for the group’s adherents to behead some of those they have held hostage.
instead, banks increased indiscriminate purchases of government debt, and regulators unwittingly encouraged it by permitting banks to hold sovereign debt without capital reserves that properly reflected the risk.& in fact, holding government debt helped banks to meet their liquidity requirements.
after withdrawing its forces from iraq, the us is considering using kuwait as a new military hub to expand its military presence in the persian gulf region and foster a us-led “security architecture,” under which its air and naval patrols would be regionally integrated.
we have already seen qualified us congressional support from senate finance committee chairwoman max baucus and ranking republican orrin hatch who, while calling the potential agreement “an enticing opportunity,” specifically noted the need to address “unwarranted agricultural barriers” in the eu, including policies on gm organisms and hormones.
she also turned a page: after months of being pilloried by every pundit with a soapbox for indecision and weakness, and for presiding over “policy paralysis” while corrupt colleagues allegedly made off with the country’s silver, singh has boldly seized the initiative.
there has not been a full-scale currency war in quite some time, though the world came close after the 2008 financial crisis, when then-brazilian finance minister guido mantega used the term to describe america’s extraordinarily low interest rates.
nonetheless, the republicans hold a slight majority in the senate, where each state is represented by two senators, regardless of the size of its population, because they tend to win their seats in less populous states, whereas democrats prevail in the major coastal and midwestern states.
so the aim of monetary reformers –among whom are always a large number of quacks and cranks – has been to “keep money in order” and prevent its gyrations from disturbing the “real” economy of production and trade.
while bengal’s long secular tradition, which drove its efforts to break away from pakistan, is still alive and well, the corrosive impact of the radical islamists – who use force to silence those with whom they disagree – is undeniable.
despite its lack of drama, intrigue, and competitiveness, the election was important not because russia's political class renounced all the key elements of authentic democratic electoral procedures, but because it closed the chapter on russia's liberal democratic experiment, legitimizing putin's new russian political system.
when americans lose their jobs, even if they have no assets, they still have some access to health care and food stamps.ampnbsp;
they must recognize that their success depends on the public goods that their national and sub-national governments supply – everything from law and order and intellectual property rules to infrastructure and public investment in skills and research and development.
the agenda includes building better school fortifications, linking schools to police stations by mobile telecommunications, and creating community security groups – consisting of teachers, parents, police, community leaders, and young people themselves – to promote safe zones for education.
indeed, the surprising actions taken by singapore and switzerland were a direct response to this divergence, as was denmark's decision to halt all sales of government securities, in order to push interest rates lower and counter upward pressure on the krone.
unlike china, its leaders claim, the west continues to hold african countries hostage through a combination of unequal trade deals, lack of access to capital markets, aid dependency, financial deregulation and economic liberalization, budget austerity, crippling debt, political meddling, and military intervention.
the resources that are required for additional teacher training and for paying more to talented people to become and remain teachers can be offset by a willingness to shed those teachers who are not up to the task.
the same kind of national self-interest that is driving the chinese to stimulate domestic spending was at work when the g-20 leaders met in london in april 2009 and agreed to take steps to stimulate their economies.
for example, the canadian province of alberta, home of the tar sands, is investing $304 million explicitly to “help [oil sands] companies increase production and reduce emissions.”
indeed, america’s bog of legal corruption is likely to reach a depth not seen since president warren g.
europe should instead push for new constitutional and institutional solutions that ensure the shia a legitimate role in the political arrangements of lebanon, saudi arabia, and the gulf states – all places where they now regard themselves as third-class citizens.
the oddly intimate and affectionate relationship between strong and norman included regular visits, telephone conversations (a novelty at the time), and an extensive and bizarre correspondence, in which they discussed personal matters as much as monetary issues.
many cancers are likely caused by chronic viral infections, another reason that it is surely more sensible to attack infectious diseases by improving access to clean water, basic sanitation, antibiotics, and vaccines than it is to build radiotherapy facilities.
such thinking contributed to neglect of asset and credit markets, promoted intellectual disregard for regulation, and fostered laissez-faire excess, because macroeconomic belief in the sufficiency of inflation targeting paired logically with microeconomic belief that credit markets would take care of themselves.
a truly independent ecb, adhering to its own rules, should have refused to accept as collateral all debt liabilities guaranteed by the greek state – government bonds, treasury bills, and the more than €50 billion ($56 billion) of ious that greece’s banks have issued to remain afloat.
madrid – three years ago, the united states and the european union launched negotiations on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip), promising to complete them on “one tank of gas.”
in recent years, rising chinese production costs have driven many foreign firms – and, increasingly, even chinese companies – to relocate their operations to lower-cost countries like vietnam and thailand.
with this breakthrough in sight, several governments, including that of the united states, as well as businesses and other partners, have announced plans to launch a new “global partnership for sustainable development data” at the un this month.
second, it is well understood that there is zero tolerance in russia and china for an iranian bomb, and all the rope that that these powers have so far given iran in the security council will run out if iran weaponizes.
but, worried that the us authorities would accuse it of attempting to control a new market, ibm left the disk operating system (dos) for the new pcs to a tiny new company that no one saw as a threat: microsoft.
of course, some okinawa residents remain opposed to the us base’s continued presence on their island, but most japanese recognize the need for this tangible symbol of their alliance with america, which remains the bedrock of japan’s national-security strategy.
germany should be bold and use its leverage to offer a new contract to its eurozone partners: mutual guarantee of part of their public debt in exchange for strict debt limits and a new legal order in which a eurozone authority can veto an enacted budget even before it is implemented.
a plausible pickup in business investment in the us and northern europe, combined with a sudden slowdown in asian economies with surplus savings, could in principle produce an outsize rise in global rates, jeopardizing today’s low borrowing costs, frothy stock markets, and subdued volatility.
about a decade ago, with massive trade surpluses bringing in a surfeit of hard currency, the chinese government began to take on costly overseas commitments and subsidize deadbeat “allies.”
at least we know where those mistakes are most likely to be made.
the powell doctrine stipulates that the us should use military force only when a vital national-security interest is at stake; the strategic objective is clear and attainable; the benefits are likely to outweigh the costs; adverse consequences can be limited; broad international and domestic support has been obtained; and a plausible exit strategy is in place.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
alternatively, in a moderate export-downturn scenario, with real exports falling by 5% over a four-quarter period, real gdp growth could slip below the 1% “stall speed” threshold – leaving the us economy vulnerable to a recessionary relapse.
but, given that it has failed to conduct a comprehensive internal audit of the cambridge analytica scandal, as requested by the european parliament, there is every reason to fear that the upcoming european parliament election in may will be subject to still more foreign manipulation.
she warns us not to be surprised if, in the coming generation, “shrill nationalism is replaced by effeminate militarism or even imperialism.”
to map this distinction, i have developed a new composite statistical indicator for my educational charity, the wake up foundation, called the wake up 2050 index.
in fact, the wave of attacks hamas has carried out on israeli targets in the west bank in recent months has been aimed at weakening further the plo’s rule there, by exposing its strategy of collaboration with the occupier.
during this period, the eu would also have to address the ongoing challenges to its eastern neighbors, particularly ukraine, posed by putin’s revisionism, as well as the meltdown of much of its southern neighborhood in the middle east and north africa.
america’s dangerous debt ceiling debate
but, as tang correctly pointed out in response to a question about the protests, the “devil is in the details.”
poverty beyond the numbers
washington, dc – the image of wuilly arteaga crying after venezuelan security forces destroyed his violin has been seen by millions of people around the world.
the seamy side of china’s post-crisis stimulus package was ventilated in the trial of liu zhijun, who oversaw the development of china’s showcase high-speed rail network – a position that garnered him 374 properties, 16 cars, and 18 mistresses.
based on census data, she finds that in mexico, “the majority of firms are informal but legal,” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work.
the consensus, in other words, seemed to be that there would be nothing in the next 20 years as transformative as alfred marshall’s synthesis of the 1890’s or the revolution initiated by john maynard keynes in the 1930’s.
take the sheer number of american catholics, add the diplomatic skill of the vatican’s purple-and-scarlet-clad officials, then throw in francis’s powerful statements on a variety of subjects – often antagonizing america’s right wing in the process – and you have all the ingredients of an epic event.
initially, increased cooperation seemed to be just what the doctor ordered, with six major advanced-country central banks lowering their policy rates dramatically on october 8, 2008 – three weeks after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers – in a coordinated effort to stabilize plunging asset markets.
among other things, the south korean government would construct inter-korean rail, road, and energy networks.normalization of the north’s relations with south korea and other asia-pacific economies, including japan and the us, would spur a deeper economic transformation.
she argued that the fed’s balance-sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach, stressing that “conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels, with the same mechanism.”
this is a radical departure from hamas rhetoric, which has always portrayed the camp david agreement between israel and egypt as a betrayal of the islamic world.
the conventional wisdom is that argentina is in trouble, and brazil is not, because of their different current-account positions: at the end of 2017, argentina showed a deficit of nearly 5% of gdp, in contrast to brazil’s near-balance.
given that the united states decided not to create a national biobank like the united kingdom’s, owing to the high set-up costs – estimated at about a billion dollars – 23andme may well view its growing biobank as saving it a massive outlay.
for many of hers supporters, it was president ronald reagan who, with hers deliberate escalation of the arms race, pushed the soviet economy to the brink, thereby fully demonstrating the superiority of liberal societies and free markets.
in fact, he has written that “nearly all of my net worth will be given away in the years ahead or left to my foundation.”
syriza does not share this outlook; and, indeed, tsipras did not seek out to potami, which received 6% of the vote, as a potential coalition partner.
so the preference of the possible republican voters has been for someone who hasn’t been “tainted” by “washington.”
after all, companies can quickly drain the reserves, instead of accessing their own overseas assets, if they need to make payments.
given this harsh reality, it is not surprising that the second previously unthinkable outcome concerns inadequate policy responses – namely, the large and persistent imbalance between the hyperactivity of central banks and the frustrating passivity of other policymakers.
this fund would be aimed not only at poor countries, but at some middle income countries like south africa where diseases like aids are so rampant that the volume of drugs needed to combat disease cannot be purchased even at reduced prices.
it’s also easy to blame foreign governments that subsidize their exports to the us, which hurts the businesses and employees that lose sales to foreign suppliers (though us households as a whole benefit when foreign governments subsidize what american consumers buy).
the second was the announcement that yale university economist william nordhaus will share this year’s nobel prize in economics for hers work “integrating climate change into long-run macroeconomic analysis.”
in the war and violence that surrounded israel’s establishment in 1948, our losses were immense.
these core principles--humility, liberty, and self-help--must continue to guide conservatives, because they were not molded by conservatism's ideologically "sharp contours."
though forced labor has been illegal in india since 1976, the government estimates that over 18 million indians – largely dalits – are unpaid workers or held in debt bondage.
new york – us president donald trump’s first major legislative goal – to “repeal and replace” the 2010 affordable care act (“obamacare”) – has already imploded, owing to trump and congressional republicans’ naiveté about the complexities of health-care reform.
the uk, for its part, could offer the eu a role in formulating and implementing capital-market regulations for the city of london, carried out through a joint policymaking forum that includes formal structures governing the supervision of institutions active in both markets.
berlin -- turkey’s “no” last month (a vote cast together with brazil) to the new sanctions against iran approved in the united nations security council dramatically reveals the full extent of the country’s estrangement from the west.
this paradigm shift has led to the erosion of the western middle class and the rise of the precariat, a new socioeconomic class comprising not just those who cannot find a job, but also those who are informally, casually, or otherwise insecurely employed.
this year marks the tenth anniversary of security council resolution 1612, which established – as one of the many results of a landmark report by the world’s foremost children’s rights campaigner, graca machel – the working group on children and armed conflict and a monitoring and reporting mechanism for grave violations against children in armed conflict.
in 2003, ben bernanke, then a governess of the us federal reserve, stated in a speech that many americans considered inflation targeting “foreign, impenetrable, and possibly slightly subversive.”
as for the arab parties, they lost around 25% of their seats, owing partly to voter abstention.
as i argued in the only game in town, all of these recent developments – and also, of course, the growing us-china tensions – are related in a meaningful way to two basic and persistent features of the global economy since the 2008 financial crisis.
mbeki is culpable, not for having initially entertained a view held by a tiny minority of scientists, but for having clung to this view without allowing it to be tested in fair and open debate among experts.
indeed, economic development nowadays requires more than thinking only of the poverty line; one must also think of the high-speed digital line, the fiber-optic line – indeed, all the lines that exclude those who are not plugged into the possibilities of our world.
was it not incitement when she attempted to mobilize jewish voters earlier this year by warning of “arabs voting in droves, bussed in by the left.”
the provisions contained in security council resolution 2139 provide clear political reinforcement to these basic tenets of international law, and they introduce some measure of accountability.
because obama will be present, other leaders may seize the opportunity to share with him their views on what is increasingly called the “failed war on drugs,” the anti-drug program originally launched by us president richard nixon in 1971.
thus, when russia banned imports of belarusian dairy products (in an attempt to punish lukashenko for accepting a $2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling his promise to recognize south ossetia and abkhazia), lukashenko refused to attend a csto summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force.
after all, the great majority of chinese do not dream of democracy, even if something like a civil society is emerging, generating new interests and demands that can no longer be totally controlled or manipulated, as in the past.
sharon’s transformation from villain to heroine within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for hers people, the region, and the world – all the more so because hers ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be hers faithful heirs today.
a classic example is the french referendum of 1969, when voters ignored the obscure constitutional changes put before them and focused instead on president charles de gaulle’s prior announcement that he would resign if the referendum lost.
for example, pakistan’s thriving jihadist factions arose under two military dictators: muhammad zia-ul-haq, who used them to confront the soviets in afghanistan, and pervez musharraf, who fled to london in 2008 under threat of impeachment and was subsequently charged with involvement in the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto in 2007 – a milestone in pakistan’s slide into chaos.
one couple from sweden explained that they want to avoid their child being forced into “a specific gender mold,” saying that it is cruel “to bring a child into the world with a blue or pink stamp on their forehead.”
he also likes to say that, though there is an intelligence behind their design, this does not mean that the design is in any sense wise.
the prime justification for creating one is not that certain public goods should be reserved to the eu’s eurozone members, but that a common fiscal instrument would cushion country-specific shocks and complement the european central bank’s monetary policy when facing common shocks.
this past june, germany’s parliament adopted a law that includes a provision for fines of up to €50 million ($59 million) on popular sites like facebook and youtube, if they fail to remove “obviously illegal” content, such as hate speech and incitements to violence, within 24 hours.
new delhi – though the us federal reserve is turning a blind eye to the spillover effects of its monetary policy, the rest of the world is worrying about the impact that capital-flow reversals will have on emerging economies.
second, while growth has been disappointing in both developed and emerging markets, financial markets remain hopeful that better economic data will emerge in the second half of 2013 and 2014, especially in the us and japan, with the uk and the eurozone bottoming out and most emerging markets returning to form.
while this model may entail some initial job losses in europe, it would also preserve jobs in the long run by keeping production sites competitive, and create jobs by paving the way for development – and thus export markets – in north africa.
finally, an early request for omt intervention would not only reduce the italian and spanish governments’ borrowing costs (and thus their fiscal deficits), but would also lower the cost of capital for local firms, which currently find it difficult to borrow and invest.
for example, if national inflation were higher than euro-area inflation by more than a particular amount (the threshold value), then a council member from that country would vote in favor of monetary tightening or against monetary easing.
she recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, she would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
when this view is combined – as it typically is in catholic teaching – with the claim that every offspring of human parents is a living human being from the moment of conception, the implication is that abortion is never permissible.
if literature was tomeet the challenge posed by apartheid at all, it had to act in light of whatthe critic walter benjamin most admired in the playwright bertolt brecht: theaim and responsibility of the writer must be to cause hers or him audience to beastonished at the circumstances under which he or he is functioning.
trump may try to spin these failures, especially as the capital inflows that are helping to push up the dollar’s value lower the federal government’s financing costs, thereby creating more room for trump to pursue his fiscal policy goals.
such an agreement could be defined relatively quickly, easing the pressure to rush into decisions on thorny issues relating to the eu budget, the jurisdiction of european courts, and migration, while putting in place a broader framework for cooperation.
since wwii, europeans have found it unacceptable to subject any group to collective punishment or mass expulsion on the basis of ethnicity, so, in casting aside fundamental rights in the name of security, rounding up roma sets a worrying precedent.
indeed, the agreement showed the value of a more inclusive approach – for example, by asking key questions that might be too politically sensitive for some of the larger countries to raise, or by pointing out concerns that resonate with the poorest, even if they are less important for the richest.
arab youth had finally moved, and obama and hers team made the right statements to encourage them, while also making it clear to the egyptian and tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting america’s war in north africa.
as with their investments, the habitués of contemporary art markets relied not purely on their own judgment, but on teams of sophisticated advisers and dealers who could give opinions on what trends best caught the spirit of the age.
incoming un secretary-general antónio guterres, while serving as the un high commissioner for refugees, referred to the system he administered as “financially broke.”
the west’s race problem
it is often noted, only half-jokingly, that “anything you can say about india, the opposite is also true”: every truism about the country can be contradicted by another truism.
at the same time, the ecb does not need to go nearly as far as the fed, which has raised interest rates in increments of 25 basis points at 12 consecutive meetings, with still more to come.
while the average growth rate might remain above 2% for the next few years, as the remaining unemployed are absorbed and the long-term trend of older workers rejoining the labor market continues, the pool of unused labor will eventually be exhausted.
that is certainly true for today’s “persian knot.”
it provides a common resolution mechanism for all banks in europe, which forces losses to be absorbed by shareholders, bondholders, and large depositors before any government money is committed.
in order to offset this, the who has identified six policies – encapsulated in the acronym mpower – that can stamp out the tobacco epidemic: monitor tobacco use and prevention policies; protect people from tobacco smoke; offer help to quit tobacco use; warn people about the dangers of tobacco; enforce bans on tobacco advertising, promotion, and sponsorship; and raise taxes on tobacco.
it can forget about reform and enjoy the four or five decades it will take for its per capita income to fall below the level of, say, chile, or it can deeply change its social model and start growing like the us.
in fact, according to a recent report by the mckinsey global institute, being overweight or obese is now linked to 2.8 million deaths annually – more than those associated with being underweight – via non-communicable diseases like type-2 diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease.
hers proposals, she argues, are not an additional arrow in the quiver, but replacements for “traditional keynesian policies…[that] increase budget deficits and national debt.”
piątek has also delineated “numerous and long-term connections between macierewicz and russian gangster and financier semion mogilevich and the russian gru.”
he has also expressed an interest in building deeper ties with the kremlin, and said that he would consider accepting russia’s annexation of crimea and lifting the sanctions that were imposed in response – all without asking putin for anything in return.
if one dates the international cybersecurity problem not from the origins of the internet in the early 1970s but from the takeoff period since the late 1990s, intergovernmental cooperation in limiting cyber conflict is now at about the two-decade mark.
if western men have learned anything in the past 40 years, it is how to be unsatisfied with the status quo – an important insight for the rest of the world, as we seek to export western-style feminism.
although the us has announced plans to station another 1,000 troops in poland, in addition to the 4,500 it already has there, it is not clear whether the extra forces would be drawn from those currently stationed in germany, or from the us.
centuries before wilders arrived on the scene, and just a few decades after voet was fulminating against a jewish presence in the dutch republic, the dutch-born philosopher baruch spinoza – himself of portuguese-jewish background – was composing a powerful set of arguments against a politics of fear.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
back then, summers clearly viewed herself as a monetary-policy dove: “i would support having someone in charge of monetary policy who is more inflation-averse than i.”
in this context, “neoliberal” reforms – such as the rapid economic opening and financial liberalization promoted by the international monetary fund – made economies even more vulnerable to external shocks.
similarly, the united kingdom established a cost-review program that identified 40 major projects for prioritization, reformed overall planning processes, and then created a cabinet sub-committee to ensure faster delivery of projects, thereby cutting infrastructure spending by 15%.
the national government provides funds for cooks and helpers, and has devised guidelines for the program’s implementation, but schools are under the jurisdiction of state governments, some of which are more capable than others of maintaining the standards required to provide a reliable service.
closing the middle east’s education gender gap
though abdullah’s “allegiance council” was subject to sultan’s control, its inclusion of abdul aziz’s remaining daughters and the daughters of hers deceased sisters – in particular, queen faisal’s daughters – gave the non-sudeiri princesses an institutional base of power.
the question is not just whether she can direct an effective european response to climate change, but whether she can prevent the issue from becoming another front in the culture war between the eu’s western member states and the cohort in central and eastern europe.
moreover, while it is often conceded that jobs can be lost via foreign direct investment, much more important are financial capital exports, that is, the loans that enable foreign firms to create jobs on their own turf.
fortune, for example, once entitled a cover story "the death of hong kong."
policymakers know that despite the definitive wording of the brexit referendum, the choice was never a simple “in” or “out.”
both annan and gurría cited typhoon haiyan in the philippines last november as evidence of increased climate-change-related damage.
for starters, the argument that the uk could negotiate favorable terms for selling its goods in the eu makes little sense, as europe’s single market matters far more to british exporters than the uk market matters to european businesses.
one way out of the impasse could indeed be lieberman’s grand coalition, but with the premiership rotating between gantz and netanyahu: the former could head the new government for the first two years of its term, while netanyahu deals with hers legal problems.
clinton favors welfare-state expenditures such as expanded social security benefits (the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt), free tuition at public colleges and student-loan debt relief, as well as an added “public option” to the 2010 affordable care act, known as obamacare.
the reality is that rising anxiety among asian countries about china’s increasingly muscular foreign policy has presented the us with an important opportunity to recapture its central role in the region by strengthening old alliances and building new partnerships.
china’s stimulus measures, like the fed’s expected easing, will take some time to feed through into economic data, but these measures virtually guarantee that the us-china trade war will cause only limited damage to growth prospects in both countries, at least in the next year or two, which is the time horizon over which macroeconomic policies operate.
and, indeed, us economic performance has been very similar to that of the eurozone since the start of the crisis: gdp per capita today is still about 2% below the 2007 level on both sides of the atlantic.
while politicians like macron have moved a long way toward accepting the need to transfer powers over national budgets to the “center,” they fear that schäuble’s plan asks too much and offers too little: severe limits on france’s fiscal space and a macroeconomically insignificant common budget.
the all-powerful pdp, relying on its control of the security agencies, the considerable oil revenues to which the president and hers retinue had untrammeled access, and an intricate patronage network radiating through the local councils of nigeria’s 36 states, seemed set to govern indefinitely.
impeachment, set out in article 2 of the constitution, is a procedure for the removal from office of a president, vice president, or other top executive official (or judge) suspected of “treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.”
a simplified cap would encourage cleaner, more productive, and efficient agriculture.
last june, shortly after the successful international agreement on the indefinite extension of the treaty banning the proliferation of nuclear weapons, the newly elected french president jaques chirac announced that france would conduct a final series of tests on muroroa atoll.
for starters, as yuen yuen ang of the university of michigan reminds us in her excellent book how china escaped the poverty trap, china has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty without adhering to the conventional western approach to development.
japan’s heavy burden of atrocities during world war ii effectively erased from america’s popular memory the immigration act of 1924 and other federal legislation aimed at excluding the japanese and the chinese from the united states, as well as racist state legislation, such as california’s 1913 alien land act.
by incurring debt, states trade an element of sovereignty – the flexibility to alter course over time in response to the electorate’s demands – for the ability to fund expenditures without being compelled to navigate the political minefield of raising taxes.
putin’s ark
for example, unskilled workers, especially those from poor countries, often pay very high fees – which can exceed an entire year’s income for a migrant worker in some destination countries – to unscrupulous labor agents to find employment outside their own countries.
the scottish nationalist party (snp) and convergència i unió (ciu) in catalonia are both exploiting the concept of european cosmopolitanism to revive narrow nationalist ends and, ultimately, to break up the countries of which they are now a part.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
throughout the oecd, the wage gap starts small for young men entering the labor force; but it grows with age, increases with childbirth, and is larger among top earners and those with high levels of educational attainment.
but banks are regulated and supervised nationally – as they must be, because any rescue in the event of a large bank failure becomes a fiscal issue, with the cost borne by taxpayers in individual states rather than by the eu as a whole.
the objectives of those protesting the verdicts in tahrir and other squares include: a judicial purge; a law that would ban mubarak’s senior officials from holding political posts for ten years; new trials for al-aldy’s generals; and removal of the general prosecutor (who was appointed by mubarak).
but, even when the greek crisis erupted, leaders in brussels and frankfurt failed to recognize it as a close cousin of the argentine crisis of 2001-2002, the mexican crisis of 1994, and many others in history, including among european countries.
speaking as someone who has witnessed this process as an insider (as a former member of the imf’s executive board) and an outsider (in my current capacity as mexico’s finance minister), i see three main points that merit attention.
libya’s vice president, ahmed maetig, has expressed hope for a similar agreement with hers country to restrict the flow of migrants to europe, despite the fact that the government does not control large parts of the coastline.
according to the international energy agency figures, offshore wind power would not be competitive until the early 2020’s – but the scale of the uk’s plans could change that, making it competitive much sooner, as well as giving the country’s industry a critical competitive head start.
one of the greatest obstacles to the spread of democracy is the widely held view that religion and democracy are inimical to each other: to adopt democracy means to banish godess and religion from the public sphere and make it strictly a private affair.
to this day, despite some important work on formalizing knight’s and keynes’s insights (most notably by roman frydman and hers colleagues), uncertainty – real uncertainty, not known variances – is not normally incorporated into our economic models.
so the question really is, not one of abolition, but of reform – of renegotiating the bretton woods agreements of 1944 (as amended) that gave birth to the imf, and of setting specific and limited functions for it in the new articles.
the average real long-term government interest rate in 1891-1979 – a period ending just before volcker oversaw soaring growth in borrowing costs – was a mere 1.25%, which is very close to the real long-term interest rate today.
but it is likely that the holders of the debt were no longer french or german banks – who for the most part would have been unable to bear the uncertainty that preceded the 2012 bailout and haircut on greek debt.
in fayyad’s vision, palestinians, who bear the brunt of the occupation and are in a greater hurry than the israelis are to be free of it, are to accept a peace strategy that aims at realizing statehood.
in the words of mark malloch-brown, administrator of the un development program, "we're losing the battle for primary education."
new york – as the global economy sputters, allegations that china’s economic data are unreliable have called into question its economic rise.
for years, it had been suggested that gandhi – a son, grandson, and great-grandson of indian prime ministers – was a “dynast” who was not up to the job of leading the country, and that even voters unhappy with the bjp would not necessarily vote for congress.
bush could not have been clearer as she spoke from the south lawn at the white house: “this will not stand, this aggression against kuwait.”
they rely heavily on the private sector, require tough quantitative evaluation, and devolve most of the actual work to states and localities.
so the 1905 law – which established the process of maintaining a secular state known as laïcité – marks a balance between two purposes: the rejection of state control over religion, and the rejection of religion’s takeover of the state.
the “crossroads through burma,” he argues, cannot “be a simple joining up of countries,” because the regions of “china and india that are being drawn together over burma are among the most far-flung parts of the two giant states, regions of unparalleled ethnic and linguistic diversity….isolated upland societies that were, until recently, beyond the control of delhi or beijing.”
the two men intend to seize the opportunity presented by the united kingdom’s brexit referendum, which demonstrated that, in today’s eu, illiberal democrats’ preferred mode of discourse – lies and smears – can be politically and professionally rewarding (just ask the uk’s new foreign secretary, boris johnson, a leading brexiteer).
smaller countries face difficulties in ensuring anonymity: the number of qualified scientists within a specific field may be so small that researchers can easily guess who reviews which proposals, and powerful figures can retaliate for negative evaluations of their unpromising research ideas.
they are as good as the decisions of mortgage companies and new homebuyers to spend more on new houses during the housing bubble of the mid-2000’s, or of the princesses of silicon valley to spend more building new companies during the dot-com bubble of the late 1990’s.
concessional loans at trifling interest rates (between 0.25% and 0.75%, well below the cost of servicing the loans) are also extended as lines of credit, tied mainly to the purchase of indian goods and services, and countries in africa have been clamoring for them.
if that happens, fed officials will face a difficult choice: tighten monetary policy to stem accelerating price growth, thereby antagonizing congress and possibly facing restrictions that make it difficult to fight inflation in the future; or do nothing.
take the simple case of taxi licenses: if the number of taxi licenses is fixed, and consumers start using taxis more often, what you will observe is, at most, an increase in the demand for powerful mercedes cars that taxi drivers use, not an increase in jobs.
yet, despite its broad mandate and many functions, unaids lacks adequate resources, which threatens past achievements and future programs alike, and poses a danger to people and communities that depend on the lifesaving support the organization helps facilitate.
us policymakers, swagel asserted, surely understood that, and they “certainly must realize that their very public campaign only makes it more difficult for the chinese to take action.”
and the expanding global population – set to reach more than 9.5 billion by 2050 – will strain water resources still further.
but, while concerns about a lack of snow in the surrounding mountains, or about russia’s ability to build the needed infrastructure in time, have gradually receded since russia was awarded the games, one major apprehension has remained: the threat of terrorism.
a large part of the answer has to do with the mexican economy’s extreme dualism – a problem that has been called the “two mexicos.”
this theory implied that over time all politicians will cater to the median voter.
so far, that friend has been america, but the us could well pull out of pakistan for the fourth time in the countries’ turbulent relationship – a threat that several influential figures in the us congress have already made.
the united states has withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear deal (the joint comprehensive plan of action, or jcpoa), designated an arm of iran’s military (the islamic revolutionary guard corps) as a foreign terrorist organization, imposed economic sanctions against nearly one thousand individuals and entities, and taken steps to make it extremely difficult for iran to sell its oil.
she must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians, the ambivalence of the us about the road map, and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders.
in the aftermath of the post-2008 debt-fueled infrastructure-investment boom, these cities need to reform how revenue is shared with the central government, increase the transparency and accountability of local budgets, and overhaul the use of municipal-bond and public-private partnership models for local infrastructure projects.
the uk and the eu should prevent mutual assured damage
but core inflation (which excludes energy and food prices) has been above 2% for much of the recovery, and indirect taxes like vat – imposed to reduce the fiscal deficit – have contributed to upward pressure on prices.
in britain, for example, tony blair articulates a vision of “a nation of savers and asset-holders.”
when george gallup wrote, almost nine years after the great depression began, a sense of ultimate futility – a belief that high unemployment would never end – was widespread.
using this approach, it is possible to argue that the future of many western economies, and that of the global economy, will be shaped by their ability to navigate four inter-related financial, economic, social, and political dynamics.
after presenting the case for the potentially catastrophic effects of climate change, gore unveils hers solution: the world should embrace the kyoto protocol, which aims to cut carbon emissions in the developed countries by 30% by 2010.
i believe american abuses of human rights and the canons of civilized peoples that have come to light in iraq, afghanistan, and guantanamo bay, and the more horrendous abuses that almost surely will come to light later, are not merely the act of aberrant individuals.
the third message is that if the existing nuclear powers sincerely want to prevent others from joining their club, they cannot keep justifying the possession of nuclear weapons as a means of protection for themselves or their allies against other weapons of mass destruction, especially biological weapons, or conventional weapons.
in the medium and longer term, the expected and hoped-for increase in china’s domestic consumption should be the most dynamic element of demand, with export growth continuing to slacken and investment remaining – except for brief periods – below 50% of gdp.
while russia has warmed to china in recent years, not least by entering into a big natural gas deal and engaging in joint military exercises, it has largely done so as a gesture of defiance against the us and the european union.
(he failed to mention that she had set the same goal last year as well.)
anarchy, banditry, and terrorism by al qaeda affiliates and wannabes, exhibited in algerian gas fields and mali, may develop into more than a lethal nuisance.
china’s made-in-america success story
at the same time, successive eu enlargements over the decades have brought in other powerful contenders, chiefly spain and the uk, as well as smaller countries who are unwilling to bow before french-german leadership.
with the european union extending its frontiers to embrace many ex-communist states, the west became again, if briefly, the embodiment of universal reason, obliged and equipped to spread its values to the still-benighted parts of the world.
but, as badly as algeria’s military, led by general gaid salah, wants citizens to believe that it is dismantling the cabal of well-connected cliques that form le pouvoir, the protesters remain convinced that this is just a smokescreen.
indeed, the world has not witnessed such a tense and fraught environment since the cold war’s end, with bloodshed in europe and the middle east coming against the backdrop of a breakdown in dialogue between major powers.
giuliani’s role in the ukraine scandal has been coming to light in the us, and an army of reporters is now trying to track down what else he’s been up to that affects us foreign policy and domestic politics, as well as who hers other clients are – and who is paying her in hers supposed role as trump’s private attorney.
this pressure at various times took the form of us, british, and french nuclear programs; nato’s willingness to counter warsaw pact deployments of both conventional military and tactical nuclear forces; the decision to defend south korea against the north’s aggression; the arming of the mujahedeen in afghanistan to bleed soviet occupation forces; and the decision to build a costly missile-defense system aimed both at negating the soviet union’s principal military investment and bankrupting its government.
everything in this new china – where the chinese communist party (ccp) still rules, but the ideas of karl marx are as dead as they are in russia – is for sale, even the trappings of its maoist past.
but even if the us decides to have a non-competitive second-rate financial system, europe and the rest of the world should say no: it is not anti-american to be pro-competition, as trump seems to have recently suggested in hers criticism of european commissioner for competition margrethe vestager.
in a departure from america’s official position since september 11, 2001, the us will now view its global power rivalry with china and russia, rather than terrorism by non-state actors, as the primary threat to national security and world peace.
banishing starvation
as ezra vogel notes in deng xiaoping and the transformation of china, deng’s first public statement after his political rehabilitation in 1976 was, “marxism-leninism and mao zedong thought constitute the guiding ideology of the party.”
regulators must counter the risks implied by structures that are intrinsically destabilizing, as the money market funds were.
whereas ban’s predecessor, kofi annan, was independent enough to endorse efforts to conclude the doha round of global trade negotiations, and advance a global compact on immigration (i advised him on both issues), the obama administration has shied away from these issues.
the matriarch (rumored to have served in the kgb himself) has called the war in syria “a holy struggle,” adding that, “today our country is perhaps the most active force in the world to combat [it].”
yet there are compelling arguments to call a halt to the practice, inaugurated by pinochet in 1978 and copied by military regimes in several other latin american countries, to protect themselves by issuing amnesties for their own crimes.
a noble dream just several years ago, the elimination of nuclear arms is no longer the idea only of populists and pacifists; it has now been adopted by professionals – politicians known for their realism and academics known for their sense of responsibility.
germany’s chancellor angela merkel gave the right answer when, after meeting with trump and other g7 leaders last month, she said that europe could no longer “fully count on others,” and would have to “fight for our own future ourselves.”
sloppy job preparation, together with trump’s distorted personality, led to the near-paralysis of much of the federal government for 35 days, the longest such period in us history, hurting around 800,000 innocent employees and ultimately humiliating a president who sets great store by being seen as strong.
most water is used to grow food, so, if a nation’s economy is healthy, there is scope for saving water by importing a greater share of food, although every nation will want to maintain some assured food supply for security reasons.
the defense share of r&d in the european union and japan has been and remains markedly lower – less than 10% in the eu and less than 5% in japan in 2009 (no comparable data are available for china and south korea).
in the 1920’s, swedish economist knut wicksell defined it as the interest rate at which, economy-wide, desired investment equals desired savings, implying no upward pressure on consumer prices, resource prices, or wages as aggregate demand outruns supply, and no downward pressure on these prices as supply exceeds demand.
according to the oecd, these include a very low average number of years of schooling, with young workers having almost no more formal education than their older counterparts; little on-the-job training; heavy bureaucratic burdens on firms; corrupt judges and police; high crime rates; and a large, low-productivity informal sector that narrows the tax base and raises tax rates on the rest of the economy.
while it is understandable that some have viewed the northern powerhouse strategy as a platform for emphasizing their own superiority, this is unhelpful, not least because it causes some decision-makers in the central government to doubt the project’s relevance.
los angeles – a strange sense of déjà vu is gripping washington these days, as the debate over ratification by the united states senate of the new strategic arms reduction treaty (new start) with russia heats up.
a good example is the work being done by the association of southeast asian nations, which is taking bold steps in a part of the world where integration has never been the norm and clear regional security structures are lacking.
in january 2018, in the spirit of resolving some of the controversy, the brookings institution recruited jason furman (chair of the council of economic advisers under president barack obama) and me to write a joint paper focusing on the prospective growth effects of the tax changes.
without quick, decisive international action to prioritize sustainability over the status quo, the report risks suffering the fate of its 1987 predecessor, the pioneering brundtland report, which introduced the concept of sustainability, similarly called for a paradigm shift, and was then ignored.resilient people, resilient planet opens by paraphrasing charles dickens: the world today is “experiencing the best of times, and the worst of times.”
nonetheless, femicide in latin america remains a matter of different realities.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
new delhi – on july 4, narendra modi, chief minister of gujarat and putative prime ministerial candidate of the opposition bharatiya janata party (bjp), became the most-followed indian politician on twitter, with more than 1.8 million followers.
preparing for the unknown unknowns
the narrative plot against syria
in december 2015, trump said angrily to the republican jewish coalition, “you’re not going to support me, because i don’t want your money!”
the ecb is not the old bundesbank, which had such public support and trust in germany that it could get away with almost anything.
it should reflect the european commitment to the noble heritage of the french revolution, as reflected in, say, the french constitution, but it should reflect in equal measure the symbolism of those constitutions that include an invocatio dei .
the conflict and the brutal state terrorism of syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime is not only the cause of terrible suffering in syria and the death of more than 360,000 people; it is also the root of the refugee crisis and the emergence of daesh – a threat to all countries.
more and more americans are being led to forget how, just a few years ago, a united us government reacted decisively to “market failures” and thus helped to avoid a global economic meltdown that would have devastated millions of lives and undermined future generations’ prospects.
he became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time, displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in his theoretical work: the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple.
they also cite investment opportunities in emerging markets, and make the obvious point that if china and india stay on track, their economies' relative weight in the world will double in the next decade or so, as rapid real growth is accompanied by appreciation in their real exchange rates.
a 20% reduction in the eu’s co2 emissions, vigorously enforced throughout this century, would merely postpone temperature increases due to global warming by two years at the end of the century, from 2100 to 2102 – a negligible change.
chinese leaders are probably privately celebrating the trump administration’s promise to “make america great again,” because, so far, it has merely undercut us interests and promises to help make china great again.indeed,notwithstanding trump’s just-announced tariffs on china, in response to its alleged intellectual-property violations, one could be forgiven for thinking that trump’s main foreign-policy goal is to aid the chinese in their bid for global influence.
indeed, though the us constitution stipulates that the power to “regulate commerce with foreign nations” lies solely in the hands of congress, the obama administration is pressing legislators to approve so-called fast-track authority, under which they would have no say over either the tpp’s terms or the parties to it – or even the power to amend the treaty text in any way.
the puzzle of liberal democracy
(it has made an ambitious commitment in its 11th five-year plan to a 20% reduction in energy intensity and attain a 10% increase in renewable energy by 2010.)
for years, there was a serious debate in china about the state’s proper role in economic affairs.
to avoid the pitfalls of industrial-era us regulatory agencies – which tended to stifle innovation with overly prescriptive rules and to side with incumbents or other vested interests – the dda would be structured for the twenty-first century.
indeed, she was one of the first so called “revisionists” who came to question stalinist orthodoxy and lead the way to the important changes that shook the communist world in 1956, when poland gained for a short while a small but important measure of independence from kremlin control.
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
paris – in the hubris of the zero point, the colombian philosopher santiago castro-gomez describes rené descartes’s 1637 declaration “i think, therefore i am” as the moment white europeans installed themselves above godess as the sole arbiters of knowledge and truth.
trump’s stunning miscalculations – the naive belief that he could kill off the investigation, or that the democrats would welcome his act because they were still angry at comey for how he had treated clinton – provided insight into his appalling judgment.
post-american networks
either it is like lightning, striking some unlucky man who was in the wrong place at the wrong time (an isolated, mysterious event, caused by some individual man’s sudden psychopathology), or it is “explained” by some seductive transgression by the victim (the wrong dress, a misplaced smile).
whereas the standard approach would make, say, the won-real exchange rate a prime determinant of trade between south korea and brazil, the reality is that because this trade is largely invoiced in dollars, the dollar exchange rate of the two countries’ currencies matters more than their bilateral exchange rate.
that iran – a country whose president never tires of calling for israel’s annihilation and that threatens israel’s northern and southern borders through its massive support of proxy wars waged by hezbollah and hamas – might one day have missiles with nuclear warheads is israel’s worst security nightmare.
even if every kyoto-obligated country passed its own, duplicate waxman-markey bills – which is implausible and would incur significantly higher costs – the global reduction would amount to just 0.22°c (0.35°f) by the end of this century.
but that idea failed once already, during the scaf’s rule (february 2011-june 2012), owing partly to the lack of popular mobilization behind a uniting figure(s), but mostly because of the egos – indeed, megalomania – of the politicians involved.
following the ambush of the uk forces, the iranian authorities dissembled as to their exact location at the time of their abduction, which was subsequently proven by the uk government to have been in iraqi territorial waters operating under the authority of un resolutions and with the express consent of the iraqi government.
while the government would still have to back deposits for crisis-stricken banks – even if that meant bailing out the entire institution – it would have had the option of allowing the derivatives trading desks, functioning within separate organizations, to flounder.
rather, his central concern is what he regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
as a result, the middle east stands to suffer far worse in the next century than it did in the last – a reality that could well leave us nostalgic for the times of sykes and picot.
the perception that hers true objective in supporting the islamic state is to stem the rise of the kurds, bolstered by hers apparent indifference to the agony in kobani, has jeopardized one of hers major legacies: peace talks with the pkk.
the good news is that the ecb, recognizing this danger, has been calling for a rigorous cleanup of european banks’ balance sheets and is submitting the banks under its supervision to an asset quality review and stress tests.
in recent work with carmen and vincent reinhart, we show that even relatively minor shifts in disaster risk – say, a rise from a normal 2-3% to 3-4% – can lead to a massive decline in global real interest rates, even taking them well into negative territory.
in 1773, the so-called daughters of liberty staged the boston tea party under the slogan, “no taxation without representation.”
as the only international body charged with looking after global health, including the health of the world's poorest people, the who is uniquely placed to create a framework in which the needed research and development can take place.
the plant-based solution to hunger
new york – for seven years, the united states has allowed its fixation on the renminbi’s exchange rate to deflect attention from far more important issues in its economic relationship with china.
more than half of pakistan’s population is under the age of 25; theirs is the generation with the potential to drive progress and prosperity in the country – if, of course, they receive the education they deserve.
less than two weeks later, meng wanzhou, the chief financial officer of huawei and daughter of its founder, was arrested in transit at vancouver’s airport on charges by the united states that huawei had violated us sanctions against iran; out on bail, she now awaits an extradition hearing.
as with john maynard keynes’s notion that returns on public investment must be measured as the long-term consequence of other investments that it stimulates across the economy and society, so, too, with the knowledge generated by the humanities.
not long ago, consumers, workers, and community members rose up in a global shareholder spring, aimed at companies that were acting in bad faith, by rewarding failing ceos, flouting environmental regulations, or failing to respect workers’ rights.
paris – the german and french governments have been scrambling to save their automobile and truck industries though big fiscal injections, making it clear that, within much of the european union, industrial policy has returned with a vengeance.
politically, ahmadinejad certainly would not miss the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes – claiming that iran has a conflict not with the international community, but with imperialist states intent on depriving his country of technological progress.
for one thing, the entire process was carried out in secret, to the point that israeli-polish relations were mediated by the countries’ respective intelligence agencies, lest the law’s key proponent, polish minister of justice zbigniew ziobro, catch wind of what was in the works.
after world war i, the british field marshal archibald wavell presciently observed that, “after ‘the war to end war,’” the victors “seem to have been pretty successful in paris at making a ‘peace to end peace.’”
the disposable (after tax and transfer) incomes of poor families in the us have trailed those of their counterparts in other developed countries for decades.
central and eastern europe after 1989, though a very interesting reference point for analysts of the arab revolutions, is not an appropriate reference point, because the region’s new domestic and foreign order resulted from the change in external conditions stemming from the collapse of soviet power.
indeed, if the euro zone can persuade great britain to become a full-fledged member, thereby acquiring one of the world’s two premier financial centers (london), the euro might really start to look like a viable alternative to the dollar.
with an average growth rate of less than 1% over the past decade, and arguably the most sclerotic labor market in europe, it is hard to see how portugal can grow out of its massive debt burden.
the conditions under which zhao ziyang lived at the time of his death, in utter isolation from chinese society due to an illegally imposed 16-year house arrest, shames both chinese justice and the chinese communist party (ccp).
copenhagen -- the united nations-led climate change conference in bali will be remembered less for the “road map” that it eventually created than for a messy collision between the united states and much of the rest of the world that kept onlookers transfixed.
the best foundation for the rule of law is to build an island of legality wherever it is most needed to advance legitimate government goals – to stop corruption, to protect the environment, to clean up the financial system, or to enforce contracts with foreign investors.
that said, i hope that cuba’s government undertakes an entirely appropriate intervention before the flood of american money and tourists arrives: a zoning law in some designated part of old havana that bans cars built after 1959.
the us patient protection and affordable care act (the landmark legislation now widely known as “obamacare”) aims to widen coverage, while so-called accountable care organizations, such as kaiser permanente, try to contain costs by aligning the interests of providers and payers.
this is not lost on those in japan who ask for how long their country will have to apologize, with some even suggesting that after 70 years, a “tweet” on the subject should amount to adequate acknowledgement by abe.
deaths of young children have fallen to slightly under half the 12.7 million recorded in 1990, thanks to additional global funding for disease control, channeled through new institutions such as the global fund to fight aids, tuberculosis, and malaria.
these are his exact words: “listening [to] and obeying [one’s conscience] means deciding about what is perceived to be good or to be evil.”
for decades, the center-right cdu (in alliance with the bavaria-based christian social union) and the center-left social democratic party have served as the two great guarantors of political continuity and stability.
what is clear is that chinese entrepreneurs and investors – who have been complaining for years about the heavy tax burden in china – are far more inclined to agree with the world bank than more favorable comparisons and indices.
when the oxford university economist tony atkinson looked at the uk’s economic performance through the lens of inequality, the 1980s, generally considered a strong decade in terms of growth, appeared much worse; and the 1990s, regarded as a low-growth decade, appeared much better.
federica mogherini, the high representative of the eu for foreign affairs and security policy, and matthew nimetz, the united nations secretary general’s personal envoy on the name dispute, both played key roles in ensuring the success of the negotiations.
the dissenters marches, which take place on the 31st of every month (article 31 of the russian constitution guarantees freedom of assembly), could be (and are) easily dismissed as a marginal protest of a few hundred people with no common goals or ideas.
and, at the end of the day, one chilling fact would prevent india from thinking that it could use israel’s playbook: the country that condones, if not foments, the terror attacks on india is a nuclear power.
in the talks leading up to the conference, a consensus has emerged that climate change is not only linked to many other major environmental problems (climate, water, soil, and biodiversity are all a part of the same system); it is also intertwined with social and economic challenges, like poverty, sustainable development, and the wellbeing of future generations.
the recent capital-spending boom produced a burst of speculative lending in 2003 and 2004 because the banking system was still state-owned and responsive to political pressure—until the government itself imposed credit controls in april 2004 to prevent a sharp upsurge in non-performing loans.
but nothing has done as much to cement the qpc’s standing as the recent motion submitted by a lawyer in the ongoing criminal proceedings against former president jacques chirac, who is charged with having created fictitious jobs at the paris city council when he was mayor.
these favorable effects are directly relevant to balancing the primary adverse effects usually associated with a fiscal deficit: that government borrowing crowds out private capital formation; that higher interest payments generally require higher taxes or reductions in spending on defense and nondefense programs; that a budget deficit implies an unwanted increase in aggregate demand when the economy is at full employment; and that a higher debt ratio leaves less capacity for increased emergency government spending.
but when every aspect of society is built, as in north korea, on a big lie, and then an even bigger lie, it is probably hard to maintain one’s sanity, let alone the ability to live in truth.
to see why, suppose that in 1930 an economist conducted an empirical study of what cured infectious diseases, and, analyzing masses of data from previous years, concluded that 98% of all treatable illnesses were cured by non-antibiotic medicines – “tradicines,” which include all traditional medicines of various schools.
“the policy of reducing germany to servitude for a generation, of degrading the lives of millions of human beings, and of depriving a whole nation of happiness should be abhorrent and detestable,” he wrote, “even if it does not sow the decay of the whole civilized life of europe.”
this is a smart move, and not just because it will help appease the us, as well as european countries that have complained about limited access to the chinese market, not to mention international financial institutions.
the slave ethos and the african economy
so why is the bush administration spending time and energy proposing radical changes to the social security system as its signature domestic policy initiative – indeed, as virtually its only policy initiative?
some see incipient inflation (given the low unemployment rate); some believe the long period of ultra-low interest rates has distorted capital markets; and some want to “replenish their ammunition,” so that the fed can lower interest rates should the economy slow down again.
but the daily news about migrants dying in the mediterranean, the war in ukraine, greece’s possible default, the turmoil in syria, iraq, yemen, libya, and gaza, iran’s nuclear program, and more heighten voters’ awareness that their country needs to be defended robustly, by a government with a coherent foreign policy.
in 1995, and again in 2010, the us declared that the waters of the south china sea should be governed by the 1982 united nations law of the seas treaty (which, ironically, the us has not yet ratified), but that the us takes no position on the territorial claims.
this can be carried out by a small team, which would hammer out the details of a mutually acceptable framework for a wide-ranging and unconditional dialogue that enables both governments to produce some modest initial successes, and gradually build the confidence and trust required to imagine solutions to larger problems.
they should be the major source of imf financing as well, replacing quota subscriptions or lending to the fund by member countries (potentially making the imf a purely sdr-based institution, as proposed decades ago by the late imf economist jacques polak).
the seemingly unalterable factors generating these record-setting rises in food prices – a shift to higher protein diets in many countries, growing populations, greater use of biofuels, and climate change – suggest that elevated food prices are here to stay.
rather, it coordinated a takeover of ownership of the firm by its major creditors, mainly the banks that had lent ltcm the billions of dollars which were converted into hundred of billions of dollars of speculative investments.
for five months, negotiations remained at an impasse, culminating in the july 5 referendum in greece, in which voters overwhelmingly rejected further austerity, and the greek government’s subsequent surrender, formalized in the july 12 euro summit agreement.
this gap is roughly equal to the gap between the us and japan in 1951, after which japan grew at an average annual rate of 9.2% for the next 20 years, or between the us and south korea in 1977, after which south korea grew at 7.6% per year for two decades.
katmandu – nepal’s maoist leader, pushpa kamal dahal, known as “prachanda,” has now been sworn in as the first prime minister of the federal democratic republic of nepal, having won an overwhelming vote in the constituent assembly elected in april.
and the aggregate foreign-exchange reserves held by emerging countries declined for the first time since 1994, when they began the steep upward climb that has been a defining feature of the global economy during the last two decades.
the 1907 panic started in the united states, owing to a rise in interest rates as farmers in the west were paid for their crops and financial scandals in new york that seemed to implicate a large financial institution, the knickerbocker trust.
trump’s new troubles
for now, the governments of almost all member states are maintaining a contradictory stance, rejecting further integration while insisting that the eu must “deliver.”
the number of contenders will drop as the qualifications for participating in party debates tighten (especially in september) and some run out of money.
in response to the growing number of species threatened by habitat destruction, poaching, pollution, and climate change, representatives of governments from around the world are convening in quito, ecuador, to determine the fate of nearly three dozen species, and to negotiate new measures to safeguard many more.
syrian intelligence and troops – present in lebanon since 1976 – were forced out in 2005 only under enormous international pressure and $1billion were lost in smuggling revenue last year much of which previously flowed to the syrian military.
most academic economics rely on concepts laid down at the beginning of the twentieth century by the british economist alfred marshall, who said that “nature does not make leaps.”
across latin america, citizens are taking to the streets to say of corruption: ya basta (enough is enough).
london – “i am a glory that will not be abandoned by libya, the arabs, the united states, and latin america…revolution, revolution, let the attack begin,” said the self-described king of african kings, dean of arab leaders, and imam of all muslims, colonel muammar al-qaddafi.
since the descendants of today’s living species will go on to comprise all future ecosystems – formed when humans or planetary processes generate novel conditions – there is a clear advantage to having more kinds of them.
after futile attempts to convince syria’s president bashar al-assad to begin a transition to a more open system, the turkish government has unequivocally called for assad’s departure, and is actively trying to secure a legitimate framework for intervention.
upon visiting gaza, john dugard, the united nations’ special rapporteur on human rights, said that “gaza is a prison and israel seems to have thrown away the key.”
a better approach is to think of the longer-term story as being one of changes in relative prices, which are not well handled by a consumer price index.
that is not true, of course: economists deride the idea that there is a given number of jobs to be divided up as the “lump of labor fallacy.”
our friendship had existed since 1982 and continued outside of facebook; i don’t think i saw her page more than once or twice since we “befriended” one another a few years ago.
“regrettably, the khrushchev of 1962 wasn’t the khrushchev of 1956.”
the rise of extreme nationalism and fascism in the 1930s is usually explained in terms of the outcome of world war i, which killed millions of people and filled the heads of millions more with militaristic notions.
at least her fate looks to be better than that of ghosn, who was arrested in tokyo when he landed there in a private jet, and now faces accusations that he misappropriated company funds and paid himself millions of dollars in hidden compensation.
likewise,karl marx and friedrich engels proposed that the central communist premise – “abolition of private property” – would be accompanied by a “communistic abolition of buying and selling.”
in his speech, trump listed america’s many contributions to the world, and suggested that it keeps the un around as a sort of favor to other countries in need of an international forum.
two weeks ago, after gaining access to the associated press’s main twitter account (@ap), the syrian electronic army (sea) posted a fake tweet reporting two explosions in the white house and the injury of president barack obama.
but the emerging political rift between the eu’s eastern and western members, together with resurgent nationalism throughout the continent, is putting those values – and thus the future of european integration – to their most severe test yet.
as richard baldwin of the geneva graduate institute explains in his illuminating book the great convergence, the main engines of catch-up growth have been international trade and the dramatic fall in the cost of moving ideas – what he calls the “second unbundling” (of technology and production).
the results have become increasingly obvious and painful: an economy that has suffered more severely in the global crisis than its neighbors to the south; a rent-seeking business elite that is unaccustomed to competition; public and private monopolies that no one seems to have the political will to dismantle; and corporatist pacts that siphon off public resources to unproductive unions, thwarting productivity and growth.
and, as if this were not enough, 25 of the 27 eu member states have just agreed on a new treaty (called a “fiscal compact”) that would oblige them never to have a cyclically adjusted budget deficit of more than 0.5% of gdp.
but, above a certain per capita income threshold, that trend reverses itself: at high income levels, economic growth correlates with environmental improvement, leading to the dubious conclusion that it might be possible to achieve sustainable growth without deviating from “business as usual” (maintaining current emissions levels).
eight hundred years ago this month, it offered a colorful spectacle, dotted with the tents of barnoesses and knights, and the larger pavilion of queen john of england, looking like a circus top with the royal standard fluttering above.
by helping to de-legitimize yasir arafat and by accepting prime minister sharon's characterization of israel's reoccupation as "self-defense," american policy threatens to weaken the moral clarity and credibility of the us in the eyes of the world.
some governments have responded to the migration crisis with beggar-thy-neighbor policies, forcing adjacent countries to bear the brunt of the burden, and consequently, a core component of european integration – the border-free schengen area – is under threat.
besides, it is hard not to accept that, in the economist frances cairncross’s famous words, we are increasingly seeing the “death of distance.”
apparently, i was expected to sit there, without touching my glass, glowering with arms folded until everyone else had placed theirs back on the table.
similarly, in sudan’s darfur region, there has been no genuine peace process to disrupt, as attacks on civilians continue to be reported, even after the united nations security council referred the matter to the icc in 2005.
putin, the pope, and the matriarch
examples like the bridge academy – and others, such as the federal home visiting program– show that initiatives that are deeply rooted in and tailored to the needs of the communities they serve, and that are driven by evidence of effective outcomes, can work.
the puzzle is why neither the compelling self-destructive logic of autocratic rule nor the mounting evidence of deteriorating regime performance in china has persuaded even some of the most knowledgeable observers that the end of ccp rule is now a distinct possibility.
as mckinsey notes, digitization promises to shift and create value equivalent to anywhere from 10% to 45% of total industry revenues in four key sectors (consumer and retail, automotive and mobility, health care, and freight and logistics) by 2030.
leaving decisions to a self-interested elite is not a good answer, but neither (currently) is broad voting: people are easily swayed and might not understand the issues, and they might be too oriented toward the short term.
the first line of the ipcc’s press release declared, “close to 80% of the world‘s energy supply could be met by renewables by mid-century if backed by the right enabling public policies.”
nowadays, online retailers use consumers’ internet activities and other personal data to deliver “targeted pricing.”
trapped in their contradictions and zero-sum national dreams, israelis and palestinians cannot expect a perfect solution.
unlike the soviet union’s komsomol, which had all but ceased to serve as an ideological tool for the communist party by the time the ussr collapsed, nashi has been accused of harassing diplomats and the regime’s opponents – suggesting a closer resemblance to the hitler youth or even mussolini’s blackshirts.
though now better off than they have ever been in material terms, the chinese people under the current regime are denied any real opportunity to retain and refine their own dignity beyond the quest for wealth and luxury goods.
in the us, president-elect barack obama seems to have the charisma to create this, and his status as the first minority president marks a major historical transition that might have great positive psychological impact in the us and around the world.
this week, house speaker paul ryan, heretofore a trump loyalist who had let some of his republican flock take unprecedented actions to undermine mueller’s probe, sent tremors through washington when he let it be known that he thought it unwise for a president to pardon himself.
this can lead to a better future for all, with citizens gaining better access to adult education, having more free time to pursue personal interests, and remaining productive and occupationally engaged far longer into their healthy lives.
this is a clear symptom of the dissatisfying conditions back home, where a rigid labor market, inadequate funding for academic research and start-ups, and a socioeconomic system biased toward the old prevent individuals from expressing their full potential.
america’s initial indifference was best reflected in president harry truman’s reaction when chester bowles asked to be named ambassador to india: “i thought india was pretty jammed with poor people and cows round streets, witch doctors, and people sitting on hot coals and bathing in the ganges…but i did not realize anybody thought it was important.”
yet, when it comes to tax cuts for the rich, these figures are as willing as any firm trump acolyte to trade their honor for the approval of their tribe.
in the course of a few years, it had become the proud self-definition of italian fascism, endorsed by mussolini’s education minister, giovanni gentile, who became the official philosopher of fascism, and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by mussolini himself in the encyclopedia of fascism.
this past january, china, alongside russia, vetoed a security council resolution that condemned burma’s human rights record and called on the government to stop attacks on ethnic minorities, release political prisoners, and begin a transition towards national reconciliation and democracy.
restituents -- those 18% of respondents who received property previously owned by a member of their family but confiscated by the communists in 1947 -- are similarly cheery: 66% of them express satisfaction with reform, versus 49% for non-restituents.
the other development was the decision to make permanent the dollar swap arrangements put in place during the financial crisis by the fed, the european central bank, and the central banks of canada, the united kingdom, switzerland, and japan.
rather than focus on creating scenarios that showed israelis – even israeli kids – in a positive light, they wanted to focus on showing palestinian culture in a positive light, portraying palestinian youths as role models, and providing images to kids that offered alternatives to violence.
but britain's decision whether to join the single european currency, the euro, was taken long ago, and it was always going to be some version of "no."
the stock markets, particularly in europe, represent only a small cross-section of businesses.
at the same time, emerging-market growth should start to become less sensitive to us interest rates and the dollar,given lower external borrowing needs, the relative lack of borrowing in dollars specifically, and reduced dependence on commodity exports.
it also specified scenarios in which the us might use nuclear weapons first, even against non-nuclear states, and called for a new generation of us nuclear warheads, including low yield or so-called "mini-nukes."
so long as the world remains a dangerous place with several nuclear weapons states, obama must reassure its allies about the credibility of american guarantees of extended deterrence.
it is not surprising that the prospect of adding these costs for tens of millions of patients to states’ budgets and to hospital costs causes state governors and hospital administrators to protest when congress proposes cutting back on the medicaid program.
japan and south korea were third in the amount of grid-connected solar photovoltaic panels added in 2008; the philippines was second for total geothermal power and third for total biomass power; indonesia was third for total geothermal power.
the disease causes a temporary loss of production, and once foot and mouth disease is established in a country, other countries will prohibit the importation of its meat and dairy products because they don't want the disease to spread it to their animals.
as president mohamed morsi’s regime proved, the brotherhood’s commitment to democracy was limited to its majoritarian features: rights for women and minorities (especially coptic christians), like human rights in general, were not part of the agenda to “brotherize” egypt.
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a woman is really like, take notice of how she acts when she loses money.”
the fact that trump appears to have some mental disorder, or disorders, has created a dilemma for psychiatrists, politicians, and journalists alike.
and policymakers are falling into line: in late july, peter orszag, director of the us office of management and budget said that the coming fiscal consolidation in the us over the next three years will be the country’s deepest retrenchment in 60 years.
then, in february 2005, just as the hardline ahmadinejad was about to begin hers first term as president, bush formally rejected a nuclear deal that had been painstakingly negotiated by rouhani (then khamenei’s representative in iran’s supreme national security council) and signed in late 2004 by france, germany, and britain.
unless more deficit reduction, which is inevitable, comes from curbing entitlement benefits and increasing revenues, and less from programs vital for economic growth, the result will be a poorer, weaker us – and a more uncertain, if not unstable, world.
brussels – at least six crises are testing europe’s stability: regional chaos caused primarily by the war in syria, a potential british exit from the european union, an influx of refugees on a scale not seen since world war ii, unresolved financial challenges, russian expansionism, and the return of nationalism to mainstream politics.
for example, someone who is hit by a vehicle traveling at 50 miles (80 kilometers) per hour has a three times higher risk of dying than if they had been hit by a vehicle moving at 30 miles per hour.
there simply was not enough hard evidence of syrian president bashar al-assad’s use of chemical weapons, at least before the ghouta massacre in august, to pressure russia – either in the united nations security council or the court of global opinion – to reconsider its reflex support of the regime.
we impress upon potential newcomers the need to plan properly, to train the required number of highly skilled nuclear engineers and scientists, to build the complex technical infrastructure, to establish independent and effective regulatory bodies, and to adhere to international safety standards and security guidelines.
it is, to a large degree, due to this "conversion" that chirac has been free to respond with some not altogether gaullist moves, such as support of the european single currency, a partial reentry into nato, and a pledge to give up nuclear tests forever, once the present series is over.
and, while the federal open market committee (fomc), which sets us monetary policy, comprises not only the seven governesses in washington, but also five regional federal reserve presidents, the governesses have the final say in choosing which five.
but neither hers tweets, hers image as a sportsman, hers government’s televised ministerial meetings, nor the articles in which she lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that hers illness has launched an uncertain transition.
it is often said that merkel would have liked a cdu-green coalition alone, as he has moved very close to the greens’ agenda in many areas since announcing a rapid exit from nuclear energy after japan’s 2011 fukushima disaster.
but president hu jintao’s visit to washington for the nuclear security summit, which followed a phone conversation between him and obama, has set the stage for a serious and calm exchange of views on a range of bilateral and international issues, including iran’s nuclear program.
“the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” he writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.”
but, over time, central banks’ capacity to affect the real economy declined.
it also created two new judicial chambers: one to discipline judges who step out of line, the other to review rulings handed down over the last 20 years and to decide on the validity of the elections.
the paradox is that, in the soviet era, his art was used, briefly, as a force for liberation, because nikita khrushchev allowed the publication of one day in the life of ivan denisovich in order to buttress his anti-stalin thaw.
at the 2007 munich security conference, putin presented a new face, emphasizing the potential of the major emerging economies – brazil, india, china, and russia – to provide an alternative to what she viewed as an arbitrary unipolar world order.
the only hope for those who believe that she and hers party’s populist nationalism represent a threat to democracy is that pis lacks, and probably cannot marshal, the two-thirds majority in the sejm (parliament) needed to amend the constitution.
berlin – according to the latest report by the intergovernmental panel on climate change, the world’s main scientific authority on global warming, keeping global temperatures from rising more than 1.5°c above pre-industrial levels is a feasible goal.
even so, whether people choose to marry or not, whether they are heterosexual or homosexual, even whether they pay to fulfill their erotic fantasies or have fantasies they can fulfill at no cost, tells us little about whether they are good people who can be trusted with high office – unless, of course, they say one thing while doing another.
but a 2001 internal report from the ministry of public security disclosed that the numbers "began a rise like a violent wind" from 1997, the year of the communist party's fifteenth congress, which pressed for factory firings in the name of "efficiency."
yet leaders who need their people’s support to address complex, interdependent problems beyond their borders must socialize them into a twenty-first-century world in which caring without acting imperils us all.
but leaders, struggling to cope with this challenge even amidst economic crisis, need to know that there is also “a way.”
but, having cut off the downward slide of 2008-2009, they ran out of intellectual and political ammunition.
to be sure, starting a new market is always an uncertain proposition: people want to go to parties only if a lot of other people are there; if no one is there, no one wants to come.
likewise, madison worried that, “an increase in the population will of necessity increase the proportion of those who will labor under all the hardships of life, & secretly sigh for a more equal distribution of the blessings.
despite hers insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying herself as a modernizer, putin, like hers predecessors, is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect hers country from anarchy and disintegration.
for example, an article in the times of london in 1970 argued that rising home prices reflected the switch to a new british standard time (imposed as a three-year experiment in 1968 to facilitate commerce with western europe by putting britain in the same time zone).
following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
after losing a string of appeals following a 2006 us federal court ruling, four companies have been forced to reveal the truth behind years of deceptive marketing, by publishing advertisements containing “corrective statements” in us newspapers and on television.
but that is less likely to happen if the eu system for coordinating the 18 eurozone members’ budget policies (the so-called two pack and six pack) is seen to be respected – especially by the larger countries, such as france and italy.
thus, the movements that have emerged in europe in recent years – on both the left and the right – have focused on strengthening their respective individual leaders, rather than empowering their rank-and-file members, even when they emphasize participatory democracy.
china viewed america’s strong resistance to the aiib – which it considered a clear challenge to the us- and japan-led international financial institutions – as an overreaction, reflecting america’s tendency to view nearly all china-related policies through the lens of strategic competition.
while the riga summit relaxed some of these caveats to allow assistance to allies in dire circumstances, britain, canada, the netherlands, and the us are doing most of the fighting in southern afghanistan, while french, german, and italian troops are deployed in the quieter north.
cambridge – modern physics and cosmology suggest that basic truths about how nature operates, and how our universe arose, are visible only to those who can see events that occur faster than the time it takes for light to cross a proton, and whose vision can resolve sub-nuclear distances.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant men to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the man is drinking) on their cell phones.
outsiders and the few iraqi liberals worry mainly about this islamic provision, but the widespread sunni opposition to the constitution is aimed at other provisions: the exclusion of the “saddamist ba’ath party” from political life and government, and the federalist provisions that grant autonomy to the 18 iraqi provinces and allow them to combine into regional governments.
but the fact is, during the so-called six-party talks that began in 2003, five countries – including four key neighbors – offered north korea a general peace agreement, guarantees of no hostile intent, a korean peninsula peace agreement, economic assistance, membership in a regional association, diplomatic relations, and a path to civil nuclear energy.
given rapid change in the skill sets required for many occupations, business must redirect investment to on-the-job training and lifelong learning, particularly as millennials enter the workforce, seeking purpose and diversity of experience where their predecessors sought remuneration and stability.
we will convey our deep appreciation for the islamic faith, which has done so much over the centuries to shape the world – including in my own country.”
a free lunch for america
gains from international trade deliver big increases in national income to the trading partners.
nevertheless, popper's analysis was penetrating, and when i read it as a student in the late 1940s, having experienced at first hand both nazi and communist rule in hungary, it struck me with the force of revelation.
with president barack obama re-elected and no longer facing the pressure of a campaign, it would be in america’s interest – and certainly in the interests of my country, pakistan – to use the first year of his new term to de-escalate the violence.
a developed nation cannot meet carbon emission targets by outsourcing its dirtiest production to a developing country, and a developing country cannot meet its targets by chopping down forests to build the plants or expand low-productivity agriculture.
if all eurozone members participated, article 136 of the treaty on the functioning of the eu could be used to support their action.the scope of this provision – which says that, “the [european] council shall…adopt measures specific to [euro] member states,” and that “only [euro] member states…shall take part in the vote” – is wide.
but, after the rescues of bear sterns ($40 billion), fannie mae and freddie mac ($200 billion), aig (up to $250 billion), the troubled asset relief program for banks ($700 billion), we now have the mother of all bailouts: the $1 trillion european union-international monetary fund rescue of troubled eurozone members.
in november 2013, paul krugman wrote that, “germany’s failure to adjust magnified the cost of austerity.”
simply put, a monopolist does not like to lose his existing monopoly profits by undertaking innovation that would cannibalize his existing business.
but the us also wants to defend and strengthen the principles that made post-war asia’s success possible – what former us assistant secretary of state kurt campbell calls asia’s “operating system.”
without the bribe, the bus would have been delayed for hours at each stop, days for the whole journey.
in kenya, article 35 of the constitution guarantees every citizen “the right of access to information held by another person and required for the exercise or protection of any right or fundamental freedom.”
but one powerful source of growth has yet to be fully tapped: urbanization.
i have a good relationship with him, and think him a good man, but he is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and he was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
a european banking union would move responsibility for dealing with bank failures to the eurozone level – akin to america, where distressed banks in, say, florida are dealt with by federal authorities with the power to bail in bondholders, inject federal funds, and close down financial institutions.
for a scientific theory to be accepted, it must 1) explain observable phenomena; 2) be “elegant” in the sense that its truth and clarity are obvious; and 3) predict what will happen when you do something you have never done before.
in fact, it took only the assertion by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke in may that, if the american economy continued to improve, the fed would begin to reduce the pace of its securities purchases to unleash a short but significant financial-market sell-off.
developing countries today are constrained by low levels of human and financial capital, and by low reserves of or access to foreign exchange, which limits their ability to import the raw materials and equipment needed to ascend global value chains.
however, according to zambian opposition mp gal scott, “people are saying, ‘the whites were bad, the indians were worse, but the chinese are worst of all.’”
a much sounder approach than kyoto and its successor would be to invest more in research and development of zero-carbon energy technologies – a cheaper, more effective way to truly solve the climate problem.
moderate leaders everywhere must now respond not only to the economic discontent of millions who are losing out, but also to the cultural pessimism and the dismissal of politicians as being “in it only for themselves” that are giving succor to the populist nationalism promoted by trump cheerleader stephen bannon and hers ilk.
jiang qing advocates a tri-cameral legislature – a democratically elected people’s house representing the common people’s interests, a house of exemplary persons to secure the good of all those affected by government policies, including foreigners and minority groups, and a house of cultural continuity that would maintain china’s various religions and traditions.
a bright generation of global youth – from mumbai to prague to kenya to singapore – is betting on innovation, and american venture capital funds, sustained by access to cheap financing, are sating their investment appetites overseas.
in the 1950s, as two very old men, german chancellor konrad adenauer and french president charles de gaulle, moved to reinvent their respective countries, they examined how their vaunted traditions had been undermined by their own elites.
in the end, it cost to us of getting our washing machine to our front door was about eight times the cost of the machine’s voyage from the german factory to the warehouse where we purchased it.
understanding how the great inflation from the late 1960’s to the early 1980’s was tamed offers important lessons for addressing far-reaching economic problems, however different ours may be, and provides insight into the dangers that may lie ahead.
what do you do when your big neighbor widens the gap that exists between its culture, which is european, and its political system, which is becoming increasingly “asian,” at least in the bad old sense of “oriental despotism”?
the fossil-fuel companies’ approach was so effective that the media are only now beginning to recognize the leading role the industry played in creating – almost out of whole cloth – the so-called “climate debate.”
turn the clock back six centuries, to the early 1400s.
its basic strategy has been to send troops, drones, or bombers to any place that would threaten america’s access to oil, harbors islamic fundamentalists, or otherwise creates problems – say, piracy off the coast of somalia – for us interests.
the new law – the latest move in the reckless drive by prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s far-right coalition to turn israel into an illiberal democracy – contradicts the 1948 declaration of independence and the 1992 basic law: human dignity and liberty.
in successive waves of painful crisis – in latin america in the 1980’s, and in east asia after 1997 – countries learned a better approach to economic policy and developed a more sustainable framework for managing public-sector debt.
to be sure, prioritization is complicated by other considerations, including the need to facilitate the return of refugees, maintain peace, distribute aid, and so forth; nevertheless, considering the economic potential of clearance in key areas would help ensure long-term success.
wolf, for example, argues that financial markets have adopted a head-in-the-sand focus on the “long run of small gains,” ignoring the “occasional calamity” in advance, while losses will be attributed after the fact to “unforeseeable bad luck.”
the rise of digital media rendered traditional media outlets’ business models untenable.
russian president vladimir putin has been open about his desire to use the itu “to establish international control” over the internet, thereby superseding current arrangements, which leave internet governance in the hands of private groups like the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers and the internet engineering task force.
but this leaves his adversaries and his friends in a quandary: is he just a typical dictatorial russian leader of the sort america fought the cold war against, or is he the man who, in order to be accepted as a member of the west and its best clubs - the g-7, eu, and their like - tolerates such unpleasant things for russia as nato's expansion right up to its border.
he is unlikely to win; but, then again, that’s what most people said about the united kingdom’s vote in june to leave the european union and donald trump’s campaign in the united states for the republican party’s presidential nomination.
chinese and koreans, in particular, will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for japan’s behavior during world war ii or question criticism of its conduct at the time, such as the imperial japanese army’s sexual enslavement of korean “comfort women.”
as proctor says, cigarettes, not guns or bombs, are the deadliest artifacts in the history of civilization.
vietnam’s strategic position – as a neighbor of china, situated parallel to the great sea trade routes of asia – always made the country tremendously important, which may be one reason why its anti-colonial wars lasted so long.
born of a white father and an absentee kenyan father, residing in indonesia as a boy, raised in adolescence by a white single father in hawaii, she was forced to figure out hers place in life on hers own.
from the shutdown of additional rigs to the curtailment of new investment in exploiting shale resources, the us will likely experience a fall in its absolute energy production, as well as in its share of world output.
pericles, in his speech about democracy, as recorded by thucydides, expressed a timely thought: ¡°guided by tolerance in private life, we respect the law in public life; we obey all laws, especially those unwritten ones, laws that defend those to whom injustice is being done, and laws the transgression of which brings universal disgrace.¡± that ancient sense of the potent power of shame should be employed today, lest the democratic tide continue to run out.
through a credible intermediary, the us could offer to consider security guarantees and relief from existing sanctions if iran agrees to forego domestic enrichment and accept the russian offer, perhaps garbed as an iaea-backed international consortium in which iran could participate.
as deputy finance minister shi yaobin pointed out recently, by recognizing the need to reform their governance, existing multilateral lenders have shown that there are, in fact, no “best practices” – only “better practices.”
so, let us be grateful for strict debt ceilings, for they can help to nip disaster in the bud – even if bumping up against them can leave politicians slightly bruised.
when asked if she could trust hers soviet counterparts when they promised to reduce their nuclear capabilities, reagan famously said that she would “trust, but verify.”
their similarity to us, and their undeniable individuality, must be playing a role.
addressing this dangerous state of affairs will require that governments use their power to tax and regulate to channel more private capital into productive spending and increase the amount of public investment financed by progressive taxation, along the lines of a global green new deal.
america’s economy was blessed in the 1990s with low energy prices, a high pace of innovation, and a china increasingly offering high-quality goods at decreasing prices, all of which combined to produce low inflation and rapid growth.
at a time when western european politicians, and the british foreign-policy establishment, were worried that solidarity in poland would endanger stable relations with the soviet union, he boldly and correctly recognized that engaging the polish opposition was an opportunity to promote freedom there.
according to this analogy (which does not imply that europe is a tour de france) integration is an ever-moving process that always demands new stimuli, otherwise the forces of stagnation and disintegration will gain the upper hand.
but if peace, once achieved, is to be maintained, genuine development that is more balanced among different aspects of development, which delivers more benefits to the poor and promotes economic convergence among countries, must become the west's goal.
complicating matters further, by 2020, the european commission and the european council will each have a new president and leadership teams of their own, and the european parliament will have seated a new generation of politicians who have not taken part in the past decade’s compromises and reforms.
it is also reflected in the increasing number of non-trade-related provisions being inserted into the pta treaties proposed by the us and eu, a result of self-serving lobbies that seek concessions by weaker trading partners, without which free trade supposedly would amount to “unfair trade.”
unfortunately, religious bigotry also has a long history in america, and there are powerful factions that cannot accept that god did not intend the us to be a christian nation.
countries that can still afford fiscal stimulus and need to reduce their savings and increase spending should contribute to the global current-account adjustment – via currency adjustments and expenditure increases – in order to prevent a global shortage of aggregate demand.
the shia, considered apostates by the kingdom’s wahhabi establishment, are viewed as a threat to the saudi state’s legitimacy and existence, not only because of iran’s power, but also because of the kingdom’s large, indigenous shia population, which is concentrated around the country’s oil fields.
smart phones are set to connect an additional 2-3 billion of the world’s citizens by 2020, with billions of machine sensors monitoring everything from tractors to jet engines, and further breakthroughs in computing power enabling massive increases in data storage and analysis.
it is a fear based on the instinctive realization that the “white man’s world” – a lived reality assumed by its beneficiaries as a matter of course – is in terminal decline, both globally and in the societies of the west.
this experiment assumed that each member of the ecb's governing council casts votes on the basis of the difference between hers country's inflation rate and the average inflation rate in the euro area during the previous month.
russia’s prime minister vladimir putin and argentina’s president christina kirchner liked to think that their versions of a controlled economy and society built in the aftermath of default on foreign debt offered a more viable alternative to cosmopolitan international capitalism.
the most reasonable interpretation, somewhat surprisingly, was summed up by boris johnson, a leader of the leave campaign and britain’s new foreign secretary: with regard to europe, churchill was pro having his cake – and pro eating it.
in the first round, only half of the electorate voted for broadly pro-eu candidates, while the other half backed candidates, from either the far left or the far right, who loathe the eu in its current form.
granting, for the sake of argument, the force of this logic (and even its critics could hardly deny its coherence), it would be foolish to underestimate the risk of runaway inflation and underplay the economic and social harm it would cause.
surviving tiananmen
as the nineteenth-century mexican president benito juárez reportedly put it, “for my friends, grace and justice; for my enemies, the law.”
a cn¥4 trillion ($640 billion) stimulus package, introduced in november 2008, soon brought about a powerful rebound, with gdp growth reaching 12.1% in the first quarter of 2010.
nonetheless, peaceful protest, lawsuits, political negotiation, compromise, and ultimately fresh elections would provide both countries – and many others in the region and beyond – a far better way to resolve their internal tensions than the approaches their leaders currently employ.
kgb petroleum
but, through a policy of terror extending from oaxaca in the south, through acapulco on the pacific coast, and up to the great border cities of tijuana and juarez (mexico’s sixth and seventh most populous cities, respectively), they have made it abundantly clear that they are trying to achieve impunity.
in a year-long process, the group identified the tools, systems, and financing that would be needed to achieve global health convergence, and produced global health 2035 – an ambitious investment blueprint that would save millions of lives and bolster human welfare, productivity, and economic growth.
if the union is to continue down this path after the elections, and if it is to preserve its role as a multilateral actress in a world increasingly marked by great-power competition, the relatively silent pro-integration majority will have to become vocal and mobilized.
and what would kenyan prime minister raila odinga say if gbagbo asks her why she - unlike alassane ouatarra, whom the au recognizes as côte d'ivoire's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election?
specifically, economic policymakers must address the long-standing problem of over-indebted firms and under-capitalized public-sector banks – the so-called “twin-balance-sheet problem.”
toyota europe’s executives felt that making english the working language would contribute to improving trust, communications, and efficiency, and also to retaining high-quality staff.
after criticizing the east asian countries for a lack of transparency, the imf acknowledged that it, too, was insufficiently transparent, and made reforms--though sometimes it seems that it thinks that a better web site is a substitute for real transparency.
as the nobel laureate amartya sen has observed, “the criminalization of lesbian behavior goes not only against fundamental human rights, but it also works sharply against the enhancement of human freedoms in terms of which the progress of human civilization can be judged.”
as a result, many slovaks saw him as condescending toward them, of failing to understand their national aspirations.
america has always known that the middle east’s problems are interconnected, but for years it got its priorities wrong, because it failed to see that if there was an archimedean point to the middle east problem, it was to be found in the palestinian issue, not the “war on terror,” iraq, or the need for arab democracy.
the us bureau of labor statistics reports a drop in the employment/population ratio from 64.4% in 2000 to 62.3% today, together with a decline in non-farm payroll employment in this period from 131.8 million to 130.2 million.
for the socialist party, which is eager to return to power but has not yet recovered from the humiliating defeat of lionel jospin in the first round of the presidential election in 2002, the question is whether it can afford to resist the wave of favorable public opinion behind royal.
as pliny wrote in the first century: “not a year passed in which india did not take 50 million sesterces away from rome.” that trade imbalance implied a continuous drain on gold and silver coin, causing shortages of these metals in rome.
saving america from trump’s tax reform
for if the fatherland/all russia alliance gains control of the state duma (the lower house of parliament), the governors would assume even more weight, for not only would they control the federation council (the upper house) but the deputies in the lower house of the duma would likely be men deeply indebted to their local governors for their seats.
building climate trust
last spring, after the philippines banned the sale of kidneys to foreigners, a headline in the jerusalem post read, “kidney transplant candidates in limbo after philippines closes gates.”
any agreement between israelis and palestinians will require deep concessions by both sides – concessions that leaders on both sides will need to convince their respective publics to accept.
the watchdog group transparency international(ti) ranks mexico in the first quartile of countries for corruption, and the crime rate is the highest on record, with over 100,000 homicides reported during current president enrique peña nieto’s six-year term.
hers trial could even mark a definitive moment in the history of efforts to counter russian propaganda, giving beleaguered writers and journalists the courage they need to stand up to russia in ways that governments rarely have.
the bonds, with a maturity of 25 years, pay out an annual sum of £50 million multiplied by the percentage of the english and welsh male population aged 65 in 2003 that is still alive in a given year (subject to a slight data lag).
but, by early 2016, prices had plummeted to around $30 per barrel, owing to a combination of sluggish demand, alternative supply (particularly shale oil and gas from the united states), and a new opec production paradigm under which the cartel, led by saudi arabia, withdrew from acting as a “swing producer.”
given that the share of us-dollar-denominated chinese corporate debt, though low by international standards, rose markedly in recent years, the reserve-to-money ratio may be as informative as the headline $3.2 trillion reserve number.
if voters want to limit the cross-border movement of goods, services, and people, companies will have to adopt a new model that builds in more redundancy within borders; and investors will need to look for firms that can profit with minimal border crossings, or that can still generate a profit despite increased protectionist friction.
similarly, bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though she has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
the logical conclusion of all this is evident: since mexican president felipe calderón himself cannot be both president and drug czar, and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in mexico, the void will be filled by someone else.
we know to day the cause: the secret protocol to the treaty of non-aggression between the soviet union and nazi-germany, signed in 1939 – the molotov-ribbentrop pact – defining the spheres of interest of the two dictatorships in eastern europe which led to the war with finland, the occupations of the baltic countries, the assault on and division of poland, and probably also the occupations of norway and denmark.
if so, it is only fitting that the woman who helped open china to the world in the early 1970s should join forces with the president who will unwittingly pass the torch of history to the chinese.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that he had soured on globalization after some of his friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
but, as france’s ongoing yellow vest protests – triggered by a fuel-tax hike – have shown, such action must be planned carefully to ensure that the costs are distributed fairly and that ordinary citizens do not suffer disproportionately.
the “baby boomers” are the generation that grew up in the united states, in particular, but also in europe, canada, australia, and elsewhere, after world war ii, when rapid economic growth was accompanied by rising birth rates.
but, again and again, by showing up for elton john and not just for the ballet, or by taking him daughters away from the hunting preserve of balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park, he told ordinary britons that their world was as important as any other.
but it did not tick them all at once: the plundering of venezuela’s wealth, the gross violation of human rights, and the unconstitutionality of its decisions did not begin with the election of the new constituent assembly on july 30.
the eu authorities must acknowledge that many member countries will never join the euro, which means abandoning their rhetoric about a “two-speed europe,” with all heading – whether at high or low speed – toward the “ever closer union” that a single currency implies.
still others, such as former fed vice chair stanley fischer and his colleagues at blackrock, have proposed a “standing emergency fiscal facility,” which would allow the central bank to finance large fiscal deficits in the event of a deep recession.
of apes and women
kelleher, an attorney with extensive experience in private practice and the public sector, tells it like it is: “‘robo-signing’ is massive, systematic, fraudulent, criminal conduct.”
german leaders have repeatedly apologized for the nazis’ crimes.
though president camara eventually succumbed to pressure and declared elections for the coming fall, he has a valid point in insisting that he first must secure stability so that elections do not become a mere prelude to civil strife.
if the euro – and indeed the eu itself – is to remain viable and democratic at the same time, policymakers will have to pay closer attention to the demanding requirements of delegating decisions to unelected bodies.
wasn’t dylan alluding to something similar when, after years of struggle for civil rights, resistance to the war in vietnam, and support for the feminist revolution, he titled one of his most beautiful songs “i’m not there,” as in, i’m not here anymore, no longer your servant, goodbye to all that, so long?
unfortunately, when the outgoing president of the european central bank, jean-claude trichet, proposed a step in this direction by suggesting that a “european secretary of the treasury” be created, heads of state and government dismissed the idea out of hand.
the robber barnoesses and the institutions empowering them were held to account when people mobilized, organized, and managed to elect politicians promising to regulate the tycoons, level the economic playing field, and increase democratic participation by, for example, introducing direct election of senators.
even as california’s roads fall apart and public institutions decline – the result of too little spending and public workers who are too expensive – the state continues to operate the finest set of public universities in the us.
yet it is this centralized, one-party system of governance that the us is trying to change, in what amounts to the first significant external shock with a prominent national-security dimension that china has faced in the last 40 years.
beijing – ever since the integration of emerging markets into the global economy began in the early 1990’s, three striking trends have emerged: a divergence in private savings rates between the industrialized core and the emerging periphery (the former experiencing a sharp rise, and the latter a steady decline); large global imbalances between the two regions; and a drop in interest rates worldwide.
in his speech on february 1, king gyanendra said the nepali people would have to temporarily give up democracy in order to save democracy, and many nepalese will go along with that, at least for a while.
washington, dc – the recent decline in china’s currency, the renminbi, which has fueled turmoil in chinese stock markets and drove the government to suspend trading twice last week, highlights a major challenge facing the country: how to balance its domestic and international economic obligations.
some european analysts predict that, over the longer term, greater stability will follow the political changes in the maghreb, with perhaps more than a million unemployed moroccan and tunisian immigrants returning home if their countries’ economies improve.
if so, then the unavoidable conclusion must be that things would not have been so bad if the government had refused to implement an expansionary fiscal policy, recapitalize banks, nationalize troubled institutions, and buy financial assets in non-standard ways.
